


 






hadeland glassverk nettbutikk



















































    the store will not work correctly in the case when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    
















information about this template
the sections in yellow are optional and will depend on what the client does with the data or the level of information they provide.


the sections in grey should be retained but the details will need to be changed to reflect the types of data the client collects and uses.


disclaimer
“the template privacy policy and information concerning technical legal or professional subject matter is for guidance only and to assist you in preparing your own policy. it does not constitute legal or professional advice and is not tailored to your specific or individual requirements. vaimo assumes no responsibility for the information contained in this document and disclaims all liability in respect of such information.”

privacy policy
this policy sets out how we use your information and provides you with information about the personal data we collect, how we keep it secure, how we ensure your privacy is maintained and your rights relating to the personal information we hold about you.

this policy applies to you if you purchase or use any of our products or services, if you visit our stores or shop online or use your mobile device and provides you with information about:


who we are
the types of personal data we collect
how we use personal data
who we share personal data with
transfers of personal data
our use of cookies
how we protect personal data
how long we keep personal data
your rights
the legal basis for using personal data
how to contact us
links to other websites
policy updates
who we are 

full company name is a company incorporated in country or state [and is part of the name of group which includes other group members] (referred to as “we” or “us” in this policy).

we understand that privacy and the security of your personal information is extremely important and we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of the visitors to our websites and our customers by keeping your personal data secure and respecting your privacy rights.  

we will always handle your data fairly and legally and are committed to being transparent about the data we collect and how we use it.

we don't rent or trade information about you with other organisations and businesses.

the types of personal data we collect 

we may collect the following information about you:

your name
your age or date of birth 
your gender
your contact details (postal, billing and delivery addresses, telephone numbers and e-mail address)

details of your purchases and orders 
information about any services we provide to you 
your on-line browsing activities on our websites
your account login details, including user name(s) and password(s)

when you purchase or order products and services, your bank account or payment card details

your communication and marketing preferences
your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses
your location
your ip address
your device id and other details such as make and model and the apps you use

your correspondence and communications with us
publicly available personal data, including any you have shared via public platforms and social media.


our websites are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.

the types of data listed above is not exhaustive and, in some instances, we may need to collect additional data for the purposes set out in this policy or to provide you with certain products and services.  

if shop with us using a credit or debit card, or if we take these details for payment authorisation, we will securely collect and store this information. we will ask if you want us to automatically store these details to speed up future payments. if you set up a direct debit payment, we will also collect bank details from you.

if you apply for credit, stage payments or other payment terms or forms of finance, we will take into account other information about you such as your employment details, financial position, identification documents details (such as your passport, national identify card or driving licence), insurance, criminal record and medical history as well as details about additional insured parties and cardholders or joint policyholders. 

we may collect some of the above personal data directly from you, for example when you set up an account on our websites, or send an email to our customer services team.  other personal data is collected indirectly, for example your browsing or shopping activity.  we may also collect personal data from third parties who have your consent to pass your details to us, or from publicly available sources.

how we use personal data 
the information we collect may be used to:

provide products and services to you
process your orders
take payment from you or provide you with a refund
manage any account(s) that you hold with us
mange any reward or loyalty programs you participate in
verify your identity and ensure that our customers are genuine 

detect and/or prevent crime or fraud, and related purposes
carry our statistical analysis 
conduct market research
help us understand more about you as a customer 
personalise your shopping experience 
tailored our websites to you
improve our services, stores, apps and websites
contact you about products and services
provide online advertising
help answer your questions and solve any issues you have
manage customer service interactions with you

we will only use your personal data for marketing purposes with your consent. we may do this by post, email, text message, online or through social media, push notifications via apps, or other electronic means and will aim to update you only about those products and services you are interested in or which relevant to you. 

you may amend your marketing preferences and have the right to opt out of receiving promotional communications at any time, by: 


changing the marketing preferences on your account(s)
clicking the “unsubscribe” link in our emails or using the “stop” number for texts

contacting us (see how to contact us)

we won't send you marketing messages if you tell us not to, but we will still need to send you occasional service-related messages. 

as part of the registration process for our newsletter, we collect personal information. we use that information to: tell you about our offers, products and services; contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; check our records are correct and up-to-date; and make sure that you’re happy and satisfied with our services.  to do so we use a third-party provider, [add name], to deliver our newsletter. we gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our newsletter. for more information about this, please see [add name]’s privacy notice. you can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails or by contacting us (see how to contact us).

if you are a member of any of our reward or loyalty schemes we may collect data directly from you, as well as analysing your browsing and purchasing activity, both on-line and in store, and your responses to marketing communications.  the results of this analysis, together with other demographic data, allows us to personalise the information and offers we send to you, make that are relevant to you and understand more about you as a customer. we use software and other technology (automated processing) to do this.

if you visit our websites, you may receive personalised advertisements whilst browsing other websites.  any such advertisements will relate to the products you have viewed whilst browsing our websites on your computer or other devices.  these advertisements are provided by us through specialist providers using ‘cookies’ placed on your computer or other devices (further information on the use of cookies can be found here our use of cookies including information  on how to change your browser setting and disable cookies.  

when you visit our websites, we use service providers, like google analytics and sumo logic, to collect internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. we do this to understand how visitors use our websites. this information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone.

who we share personal data with 
we may share your personal information with [name of group] from time to time so we can provide you with services across our group. that includes [add details].

we work with partners, suppliers, service providers and agencies and may need to share your personal information with them to provide certain services. however, we will only do so where they meet our standards for processing data and have confirmed that they have appropriate data protection and security controls in place. we will only share information with them that is necessary for them to provide services to us or directly to you and our contracts with them prevent them from using your personal information for any other purposes. these include:


supplier partners - trusted partners who supply products and services on our behalf

delivery partners -  for you to receive the products you have ordered

payment providers - who take and manage payments
credit reference agencies - to make sure you can manage the level of credit offered and prevent fraud 

marketing companies - who help manage our electronic communications with you

it companies - who support our websites and information systems


we may also share your personal information with:

carefully selected retail partners, where you have consented to this

governmental bodies, regulators, law enforcement agencies, courts and insurers where we are required to do so to:


comply with our legal obligations
exercise our legal rights 
prevent, detect and investigate crime and fraud
protect our employees and customers

our financial and legal advisors 
purchasers or prospective purchasers of our business so they can evaluate that business and/or continue to provide services to you


we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to anyone else.
we will not sell or rent our customer data to other organisations for marketing purposes.
transfers of personal data 
if you place an order with us and you are outside of [country] we will transfer your personal information to [country]. 
although your personal data will be held in [country] data centres it is sometimes necessary for us to share your personal information outside of the european economic area (or the eea), so that we can deliver products and provide services to you or to transfer your personal information to our group companies, suppliers or service providers based outside of the eea for the purposes described in this policy.  this will usually be the case when either you, your delivery address or our service providers are located outside the eea. 

if this happens, your personal information will continue to be subject to one or more appropriate safeguards set out in the law. we will ensure that the transfer will be compliant with data protection law and all personal information will be secure.  our standard practice is to use ‘standard data protection clauses’ for such transfers or ensuring that our suppliers sign up to an independent privacy scheme (like the us 'privacy shield' scheme). these methods have been approved by regulators to ensure adequate safeguards are in place.

our use of cookies 
our websites use cookies to collect information. 
this includes information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access our websites.  this includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and the customer journey around our websites. 

detailed information is set out in our cookie policy.
how we protect personal data 
we are committed to keeping your personal information safe and secure and use appropriate security measures to protect your information including:


encryption of data 
security controls to protect our information systems from external attack 
access controls to our information systems
logical separation of our systems and information
penetration testing of systems
internal information security policies 
personal data and information security training for our employees

security assessments of all our service providers who may handle your personal information

never asking you for your passwords;
advising you never to enter your account number or password into an email or after following a link from an email.



we will never ask you for your passwords or to confirm your credit card or payment details via email.  


we recommend that you: 


keep your account passwords private
change your password often
do not use the same password for multiple accounts or websites

do not enter your account number or password into an email or after following a link from an email

security controls to protect our information systems from external attack 

access controls to our information systems
logical separation of our systems and information

how long we keep personal data 
unless we are required to by law, we will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. 

different retention periods apply for different types of data, however the longest we will normally hold any personal data for is 6 years.
your rights 
you have the right to:
access your personal information
you can ask us to confirm what personal information we hold about you and how we use it, where we are obliged to provide copies of this personal information we will do so free of charge.

rectify your personal information
you can ask us to update and correct any out-of-date or incorrect personal data that we hold about you.

erase your personal information
you can ask us to delete information that we hold about you if you have withdrawn your consent, if that information is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, if we are processing it unlawfully or in certain other circumstances.

stop or limit our processing of your personal information
you can object to us processing your personal information if we are not entitled to use it any more or if the processing is based on our legitimate interest (including profiling) where this does not override your rights, to have your information deleted if we are keeping it too long or have its processing restricted where you have contested the accuracy of the data, opposed the erasure of the data, you want us to retain the data so you can establish, exercise or defend legal claims, or you have objected to the processing, whilst a decision on overriding legitimate interests is pending.

withdraw consent
where you have consented to us processing your personal information you may withdraw this consent at any time, including the right to opt-out of marking communications. 

data portability 
where you have provided us with information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format which we process by automated means, you can receive this in a standard form or ask us to move or transfer that data to another service provider.  

not be subject to automatic decision making
you may not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, unless this is necessary for entering into, or performance of, a contract with us, it is authorised by the regulators or it is based on your explicit consent.


if you have any questions about your rights or wish to exercise any of them, please contact us (see how to contact us).

before providing personal information to you or another person on your behalf, we may ask for proof of identity and sufficient information about your interactions with us that we can locate your personal information.

you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection regulator where your personal information has or is being used in a way that you believe does not comply with data protection law. usually this would be in the country where you live or where your legal rights have been infringed. our lead authority is [add name and contact details].
the legal basis for using personal data 

we are required to set out the legal basis for our ‘processing’ of personal data.
we collect and use your personal data because is it necessary:

for our legitimate interests (as set out below)
to fulfil our contractual obligations to supply products and services
to exercise our contractual rights and remedies 
to comply with our legal obligations

in general, we only rely on consent as a legal basis for using your personal data in relation to sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. you have the right to withdraw consent at any time and, where consent is the only legal basis for processing your personal information, we will cease to process data after consent is withdrawn.

normally, the legal basis for using your personal information is that it is necessary for our legitimate interests. this includes:


selling and supplying products and services to our customers

processing orders and dealing with enquiries from our customers

managing returns and refunds
protecting our customers, employees and other individuals
promoting, marketing and advertising our products and services

sending promotional communications which are relevant and tailored to individual customers

administering reward or loyalty schemes
understanding our customers’ behaviour, activities, preferences, and needs;

improving existing products and services 
developing new products and services
complying with our legal and regulatory obligations;
preventing, investigating and detecting crime, fraud or anti-social behaviour

handling customer contacts, queries, complaints or disputes
managing insurance claims by customers
taking appropriate legal action against third parties 
handling legal claims or regulatory enforcement actions taken against us

fulfilling our duties to our customers, colleagues, shareholders and other stakeholders


how to contact us
if you would like to exercise your rights (see your rights for further information) or you have a question or a complaint about this policy, the way your personal information is processed, please contact us by one of the following means:


by email: [add email]
by post: data protection officer [add address]


links to other websites 
we may partner with trusted service providers to make additional products and services available to you and may sometimes provide you with links to other websites that are not under our control. 

in these instances, we will not be liable to you for any issues with their use of your personal information, the website content or the products and services offered or provided to you by these websites.

these websites are not owned and operated by us and they are responsible for processing personal data in accordance with their own privacy policies. we recommend that you consult the privacy policy and terms and conditions on each website to see how your personal information will be used.

policy updates 
this policy was last updates in [add month and year].
cookie policy
what are cookies? 
our websites, like most others, uses cookies to collect information.  
cookies are data files containing small amounts of information which are placed on your computer or other devices through your web browser when you visit our websites. this is then sent back to our websites by your browser and is used to “remember” your computer or device. 

cookies are used on all versions of our websites and in our website applications. 
cookies are designed to enable your computer or device to remember something you have done within that website (such as remembering that you have logged in, or which buttons you have clicked) and are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop online.  they are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and elsewhere. 

to make full use of our websites and shop online, cookies need to be enabled on your web browser. if you do not accept, or disable, cookies then certain features on our websites will not work. you will still be able to browse our websites but will not be able to shop online. 

the cookies stored on your computer or other device when you visit our websites are either designed by us, or on our behalf, and are necessary to enable you to a make purchases on our websites or by third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes or who provide web banner advertisements or other services to you on our behalf.

please see our cookie policy for more information.
what information is collected? 
some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you visit our websites.  this includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website.  

to help you understand cookies better we have outlined some of the main types below:

 authentication cookies

these cookies are used to identify if you are logged in as a user, or not. they are important for our websites to know what information to show you or remind you to log in. 

session cookies 
these cookies only last for as long as your browsing session on the website and are normally deleted automatically when you close your web browser.

persistent cookies
these cookies remain after you have finished browsing, so if you visit a website and then return to it sometime later, the website will “remember” you.

first-party cookies
these cookies are set by the domain (or sub-domain) for our websites in your web browser.

third-party cookies
these cookies are set by a different domain to the website you are visiting and are used for a variety of reasons. 

we do not use cookies to collect or record information about your name, address or other contact details or credit cards.

we do not control what information is collected and stored by third-party cookies, or how they are set and we do not accept any liability in connection with these cookies, you should check the relevant website for more information about what they do with cookies and how you can manage them. these may include social networking sites, like facebook and twitter. if you share content in this way, the social network may send cookies to your browser.

for details of the third-party cookies we use please see our cookie list.

how long is this information kept? 
generally, we only keep cookies for the duration of your visit to websites.
please see our cookie list for more information.
how are cookies managed? 
you have different options to manage the cookies on your computer or device. 
you can change your browser settings to prevent cookies from being accepted, or, depending on which browser you are using, you might be able to receive an alert when a website is trying to place one on your browser. 

with most browsers, you can allow first-party cookies to be set but refuse to accept third-party cookies.

what are cookeis used for? 
the main purposes we use cookies for are:

to recognise customers and understand and facilitate their browsing and shopping behaviour

to complete orders and fulfil online transactions
for technical purposes relating to the operation of our websites and navigation

to improve our websites and you online shopping experience
to provide you with personalised content, web banner advertisements and targeted updates

to monitor the success of our online campaigns, sales, promotions and competitions

to meet our contractual obligations to third parties and manage the relationship with our partners


how do i disable or delete cookies? 
if you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings.  
this will depend on the browser you use and your browser’s 'help' menu should tell you how to disable cookies or change your cookie settings.

we have included instructions on how to do this for the most popular browsers below: 

microsoft internet explorer:

choose the menu “tools” then “internet options”
click on the “privacy” tab
select the setting the appropriate setting

google chrome:

choose settings> advanced
under "privacy and security," click “content settings”
click “cookies”

safari:

choose preferences > privacy
click on “remove all website data”

mozilla firefox:

choose the menu “tools” then “options”
click on the icon “privacy”
find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options

you can also delete cookies stored in your browser by using the functions in your browser. this will not disable cookies or prevent your browser from collecting them in the future. deleting cookies on one browser or one device does not automatically clear them on another. 

what happens if i disable cookies? 
this depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate properly if cookies are not accepted.  however, you will still be able to browse around our websites, although some functions will not be available, for example you will not be to purchase products, set up a new account or access an existing one. 

if you only disable third-party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on our websites.  

if you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on our websites.


last updated: date
cookie list
this list is intended to help you understand how we use cookies on our websites.

we will update this list as we make changes to the shopping experience on our websites and as we gather more information on such cookies or as any cookies change. whilst we intend to update this page regularly, there may occasionally be some cookies missing from the list.





name


type


description







































































third-party cookies
the following cookies are all used for analytical and targeting purposes:





name




google tag manager




google analytics




yahoo analytics




bing ads




doubleclick




facebook connect




facebook custom audiences




sumo logic





last updated: date

 

                    english                


world wide delivery
 










logg inn

opprett konto
min ønskeliste        





våre forhandleremeny





handlekurv



















 


søk




søk








søk





 





                            menu                        



                            min side                        



                            store locator                        


close







                                                                    nettbutikk                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

                        se alle produkter                    




                        se alle produkter                    







                                                                    belysning                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se all belysning





                        se all belysning                    





                                                                    taklamper                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se alle taklamper





                        se alle taklamper                    





                                                                    anbefalte kombinasjoner                            



                                                                    krystallkuler                            



                                                                    arkivlamper                            



                                                                    crystal stone                            



                                                                    dråpe                            



                                                                    krystallball                            



                                                                    krystallkongler                            



                                                                    baldakiner                            







                                                                    bordlamper                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se alle bordlamper





                        se alle bordlamper                    





                                                                    bordlamper med stoffskjerm                            



                                                                    bordlamper arkiv                            



                                                                    bordlamper krystallkule                            



                                                                    bordlamper crystal stone                            







                                                                    vegglamper                            



                                                                    gulvlamper                            







                                                                    produkt type                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se alle typer glass





                        se alle typer glass                    







                                                                    produktpakker                            



                                                                    vannglass                            



                                                                    rødvinsglass                            



                                                                    hvitvinsglass                            



                                                                    champagneglass                            



                                                                    allround glass                            



                                                                    ølglass                            



                                                                    konjakkglass                            



                                                                    drammeglass                            



                                                                    likørglass                            



                                                                    whiskyglass                            






                                                                    cocktailglass                            



                                                                    karafler                            



                                                                    mugger                            



                                                                    drikkeflaske                            



                                                                    vaser                            



                                                                    glassboller                            



                                                                    glassfat                            



                                                                    lysestaker                            



                                                                    lyslykter                            



                                                                    dyrefigurer                            



                                                                    glassfugler                            



                                                                    glassfrukt                            


 








                                                                    produkt serie                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

produkt serie





                        produkt serie                    







                                                                    vinserier                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se alle vinserier





                        se alle vinserier                    





                                                                    amalfi                            



                                                                    icon                            



                                                                    odysse                            



                                                                    marie                            



                                                                    finn                            



                                                                    surf                            



                                                                    peer gynt                            



                                                                    sentimento                            



                                                                    tangen                            










                                                                    bar                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se alle bar serier





                        se alle bar serier                    





                                                                    augustin                            



                                                                    kube                            



                                                                    gilde                            



                                                                    oslo                            



                                                                    montreal                            










                                                                    interiør og servering                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se all interiør og servering





                        se all interiør og servering                    





                                                                    siri                            



                                                                    aurora                            



                                                                    ella                            



                                                                    sine                            



                                                                    hanabi                            



                                                                    dråpe                            



                                                                    ingrid                            



                                                                    siccori                            



                                                                    turbin                            



                                                                    jordbær                            



                                                                    dugg                            



                                                                    daisy                            



                                                                    blom                            



                                                                    tindre                            









 





                                                                    kunstglass                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se alt kunstglass





                        se alt kunstglass                    





                                                                    kokong                            



                                                                    lobelia                            



                                                                    nøstetangen                            



                                                                    celine                            



                                                                    blue ocean                            



                                                                    red morning                            










                                                                    norgesglasset                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se alt fra norgesglass





                        se alt fra norgesglass                    





                                                                    produktpakker                            



                                                                    norgesflasken                            



                                                                    glasskrukker                            



                                                                    drikkeglass                            



                                                                    servering                            



                                                                    porselen                            



                                                                    andre norgesglass produkter                            



                                                                    jul                            







                                                                    kramboden                                    
toggle






                    tilbake                

se all kramboden





                        se all kramboden                    





                                                                    krydder                            



                                                                    søtsaker                            



                                                                    pasta                            







                                                                    gavetips                            



                                                                    outlet                            


 





                                                                    påske                            



                                                                    nyheter                            



                                                                    icon serien                            



                                                                    tilbud                            



                                                                    besøk oss                            



                                                                    inspirasjon                            



                                                                    åpningstider                            



                                                                    prosjekt                            








            for å kunne opprette eller se ønskelisten din må du logge på        



 

logg inn


e-postadresse





passord








logg inn
glemt passordet ditt?
opprett konto








våre forhandlere 

 
bytt til




norsk






                                english                            




 

































































 

















 
 






 front







fri frakt over 699,-

 

betal med faktura

 

30 dagers åpent kjøp


om hadeland glassverk

om oss
ledige stillinger
åpningstider
thorbjørnrud hotell
partneravtaler



kundeservice

kjøps- og leveringsvilkår
spørsmål og svar
personvernerklæring og cookies
retur



kontakt


opplevelsessenter jevnaker
post@hadeland-glassverk.no
+47 613 16 400

man - fre: 10:00 - 15:00

nettbutikk
nettbutikk@hadeland.com


 

belysning
belysning@hadeland-glassverk.no



nyhetsbrev






                            få produktnyheter og gode tilbud på epost                        






abonnere

































© hadeland glassverk as 2025























du har oppnådd gratis frakt!












barneservise norske skogsdyr 3 deler


option
value





kr 4444,00














det er %1 varer i handlekurven.


delsum n/a








        gå til handlekurv    

        fortsett med handelen    










 

