






 





chuck paine yacht design llc – yacht designer chuck paine and his new, more affordable sailboats

































 



↓ skip to main content








home
about

about chuck paine yacht design


latest yacht designs

the full circle 30
26’ frances.  a small double-ended cruiser.
the levant 15
much more about the levant 15
24′ double-ended voyager carol
bella luna- a chuck paine perfected herreshoff alerion
the paine dvt
the paine 14 – a herreshoff – inspired daysailor
lots more about the paine 14


my yacht designs: the book
designs i’ve loved!
blog
archive
contact








my latest book: the boats i've loved is available for purchase. click here!
the morris 44 and 46 showed how beautiful a fast cruising yacht could be.
erica was built by french & webb for spirit of tradition racing.
wings of grace was built by her owner purely in pursuit of stunning beauty.
the paine 15 honors nat herreshoff with seamless wood/epoxy construction and much higher performance.
the paine 14 is the ultimate small show-off boat for your motoryacht or boat-lift.
the paine 25. chuck is devoting the rest of his life to designing these herreshoff replicas.
chuck’s perfected alerion. much stiffer, no weather helm, but just as gorgeous.







the paine 15


the paine 30 



latest sailing classics




chuck paine: yacht design for a new era




welcome to chuck paine’s new website. chuck paine has been designing and building yachts for over 60 years. he has been the chief designer for many of the world’s highest quality yacht builders. morris yachts, lyman-morse boatbuilding, cabo rico yachts, able marine, york marine and french & webb in america, bowman and victoria yachts in the uk, kanter in canada, kelly archer in new zealand, and gouwerok in holland are a few examples of high-end yachtbuilders who have built more than 1000 individual yachts to paine designs.
it has not escaped chuck’s notice of late that the majority of large yachts today spend their lives unused in marinas, incurring slip fees and maintenance expenses without providing any enjoyment to their owners. only the smaller, easily singlehanded boats seem to be used on sparkling summer weekends.
so in the past few years, chuck has devoted his talents to a new era in yacht design: designing and building small, elegant, easily usable, classic sailboats with eternal appeal, affordable in view of their gemstone quality; but like all of his oeuvre to date, devoid of any pretense of being cheap. this site provides access to chuck’s archive of yacht designs and highlights the growing portfolio of small, easily maintained and easily gotten going sailboat designs he is focusing on these days.
with a lifetime of experience to guide him, chuck has written two books which should be of interest to students of yacht design. while one is regrettably out of print, the more recent book can be purchased in printed form, and both are instantly available as digital downloads from this website. read these books, forget the headlines, put on plenty of sunscreen, and go sailing!














 


			© 2025
				chuckpaine.com
			







top









