





asian ocean media | south asian arts, culture and entertainment in the washington dc area
























skip to main content



skip to main menu
skip to main content




        asian ocean media      

south asian arts, culture and entertainment in the washington dc area

main menu
home
what's on
contact us
image-in-asian television
 
 










image-in-asian television 












	for more videos click here

 

email this page
 









presidential award of certificates of honour to distinguished scholars of sanskrit, oriya, kannada, telugu and malayalam 










	ministry of human resource development (mhrd) of india has invited recommendations/ nominations for presidential award of certificates of honour to distinguished scholars of sanskrit, oriya, kannada, telugu and malayalam.
 

read more about 
 





l subramaniam concert in washington, dc, pays tribute to 9/11 victims  










the indian violin maestro, son ambi enthrall georgetown university audience with a soulful performance.

	 


 

read more about 
 





her name is kerala and she's 8: meet the american kid visiting the state she was named after 










	it was in the year 2004 that charles kramer, a tv producer and his wife brenna moore, an interior designer; first visited kerala.

	"my name is kerala. i am really thankful to be in this school and make new friends,” as the 8-year-old says this, the assembly of students breaks into applause.
 

read more about 
 





when i connected with ganesha - in new zealand 










	new zealand is known for its natural beauty, cricket and all blacks. but this indian business executive realized the essence of hinduism there, through ganesha.
 

read more about 
 





open house to address complaints/grievances relating to indian passports, visa, oci and other consular services 










	the indian embassy, washington dc will hold an “open house” every fortnight starting from january 2017 to address the grievances of the people on issues related to visas, passports and oci cards. the same will be held from 10 am to 1 pm on the first wednesday and 2 pm to 5 pm on the thirdwednesday of every month w.e.f. january 2017 at the embassy (2536 massachusetts avenue nw, washington dc 20008). if these days happen to fall on a holiday, the open house will be held on the first working day thereafter.
 

read more about 
 





which is the most racist country you visited as a tourist? 










	i am an african-american in the it field and i have thus far had the good fortune to live and travel extensively throughout western and parts of eastern europe and many countries in  asia.
 

read more about 
 








volunteer opportunities at the smithsonian 










	the smithsonian institution in washington dc is in search of friendly, outgoing volunteers who will engage with visitors to their museums and galleries and help them plan memorable and exciting experiences so that they can discover all that the smithsonian has to offer.
 

read more about 
 





infosys founder narayana murthy's humble letter to his daughter is one every girl should read 










	most often we see mothers giving meaningful advice to their daughters. we forget that fathers love their children just as much and want the best for them from life. 

	fatherhood changes a man as much motherhood transforms a woman. this is precisely what infosys founder narayana murthy experienced when he became a dad to a beautiful girl, akshata. 
 

read more about 
 





dangerous fictions 










	hanif has made his home there since 2008, when he returned from london, where he worked for twelve years as a reporter for the bbc. as a novelist and a journalist, he has become perhaps the foremost observer of pakistan’s contradictions and absurdities.
 

read more about 
 








 
 
 




what's on






february



« 

» 










          mo        

          tu        

          we        

          th        

          fr        

          sa        

          su        





 


 


 


 


 


 1 
 


 2 
 




 3 
 


 4 
 


 5 
 


 6 
 


 7 
 


 8 
 


 9 
 




 10 
 


 11 
 


 12 
 


 13 
 


 14 
 


 15 
 


 16 
 




 17 
 


 18 
 


 19 
 


 20 
 


 21 
 


 22 
 


 23 
 




 24 
 


 25 
 


 26 
 


 27 
 


 28 
 


 


 







 add an event to the calendar

 


bbc news

india anger as judge frees man accused of raping wife who then died

five key takeaways from modi-trump talks

s korea striker gets suspended jail term for filming secret sex videos

japanese woman arrested for squashing bun in shop

trump announces india energy deal after modi talks

direct rule in violence-hit indian state after chief minister quits

direct rule in violence-hit indian state after chief minister quits

honda-nissan multi-billion dollar merger collapses

more 
 

 




user login


username *



password *


request new password


 























 

 
 





home
what's on
contact us
image-in-asian television
 
 





© 2018 asian ocean media

 





asian ocean media
	po box 6673
	mclean va 22106-6673
	usa
	tel: 703-319-0100

 

 

back to top
 
 

