







grammar, style, and usage - writing explained
























































skip to content 




pro course 
pro course
 





 




menu 
home
confusing  words
how to create a blog
style guides

ap style
chicago style
mla style
apa style


dictionary

abbreviations
grammar terms
literary terms
idioms
spelling dictionary


literature





 








 
 
learn english for free
for students, teachers, and authors





become a better writer today!
 clear up confusion between commonly misused words.
 stop making embarrassing writing mistakes.
 become the better writer you want to be.

as my free gift to you, i’d like to give you a complimentary copy of my latest e-book, 35 mistakes to avoid in your writing.









want to improve your writing?
the writing explained confusing words section can help!







 confusing english words
sort through hundreds of confusing english words and learn how to tell them apart with example sentences and easy-to-remember tricks.




how to start a blog
blogging is one of the best ways to get your work in front of readers. learn how to set up your own blog with this a-z guide.




online grammar dictionary
how many of us can remember exactly what a past participle is? or how about the differences between restrictive and nonrestrictive clauses? the grammar dictionary can help.




how to write in mla style
mla style is widely used in literary writing circles, but how exactly are you supposed to use it? here’s a detailed look at everything you need to know.




 affect vs. effect
out of all the confusing words in english, affect vs. effect are amongst the most puzzling. many people have trouble telling them apart because of their similar…




who vs. whom
a lot of people have trouble on when to use the words “who” and “whom.” mixing these words up can be relatively easy, and, if you confuse them too…





between vs. among
these two words cause quite a bit of headache in the head’s of writers because they are so often unsure when to use which one. is there a difference in their use? or…




principal vs. principle
principal and principle are another set of homophones, which, despite sounding identical in their pronunciation, have completely different meanings…




complement vs. compliment
complement and compliment are especially tricky because they are long words and their only spelling difference is one little vowel tucked in the middle. one word is…








become a better writer today.
sign up for the writing explained newsletter.
sign up











  writing topics

 confusing words
starting a blog
 mla writing style
 apa writing style
 grammar terms
 common english abbreviations
idioms and phrases
english spelling dictionary


 


 


recent posts


bear with me or bare with me


imply vs. infer: what’s the difference?


wellbeing or well-being – which is correct?


began vs. begun: what’s the difference?


glamor or glamour – what’s the difference?


 







    copyright © 2025  writing explained - all rights reserved


 home  |
 about  |
 resources  |
 scholarships  |
 advertise  |
 privacy  |
 contact 
 





home
confusing  words
how to create a blog
style guides

ap style
chicago style
mla style
apa style


dictionary

abbreviations
grammar terms
literary terms
idioms
spelling dictionary


literature





 



close


 














