



blogging the renaissance






























dramatis personae

bardolph 
greenwit 
hieronimo 
inkhorn 
simplicius 













the very comment


professor quoque's historie years of the day


the cutpurse lives


good work, greenwit, on reviving the sleeping monster that is btr. your post makes me think, again, that the cultural history of pockets needs to be written. (i think joe loewenstein was planning this, at some point.) they're interesting, as internal, secret spaces that are also (somewhat) external. the shift from hanging things from the body, to putting them in pockets, seems an important one, not least in terms of the kind of subjectivity it enables.


more props for a largely defunct blog


the fleet


this comment has been removed by the author.


this strikes me as an unexpectedly--almost inexplicably--cool journey. what a great opening sentence, too; that'd go on my list of "how to open a piece of writing" any day.(whoops. blew it the first time i tried to post.)


lovely.in rome, too, you can see and follow the remains of the old cloaca maxima, but i don't think any water is flowing through it these days.http://www.livius.org/ro-rz/rome/rome_cloaca.html


apparently the vestiges of the walbrook river make their presence felt in a boggy corner of the drapers' company garden off throgmorton avenue in the city... (stow fans may know of this site as the place stolen by thomas cromwell from stow's father!).


great post!so how much are walking tours led by bardolph going for these days? and is the preferred currency pounds or pints?


i think there's a plaque marking the fleet -- or one of its branches -- on a building on the south side of angler's lane, just before it runs into the kentish town road.  as i recall, this is (or used to be) the back side of a portuguese chicken shack. nando's?  something like that.  i think that puts it a little upwind of quinn's.


wow just wow ...very kool photos ...if i were you ...i'm just to far away from those things


it's infuriating how much this makes me want to go and wander the streets tracing it.i was teaching a group of school-kids the other day who really could not cope with the idea of a places geography changing. i shall keep this in mind as an example for them.


there's a colourful confirmation of jonson's disgust in swift's city shower:'seepings from butcher's stalls, dung, guts and blood,drown'd puppies, stinking sprats, all drenched in mud,dead cats and turnip-tops, come tumbling down the flood.'strangely, samual scott's painting 'mouth of the river fleet' depicts the river as idyllic, somewhat venetian. stow has his usual choice words to say about the fleet. there's a link to stow's 1603 survey at: yeomaniana.blogspot.com.


this comment has been removed by the author.


i'm always happy to read that others are still curious about such things as i. perhaps i can help by way of some visual aids to bolster your text. here's a few links to some photographs.downstream of quinn's pub, in the vicinity of camden st: onelooking upstream, in the vicinity of st. pancras old church: twoclose to the bagnigge wells site: threefurther downstream, in the area of mount pleasant sorting office, former house of correction site: fourthe grate you show and mention in ray street sits above this corner, which follows the contour of the street above: fivethe site of christopher wren's fleet bridge, since relined with brick but the stonework still exists under the brickwork (approx location ludgate circus): sixjust prior to it's thames outfall at blackfriars: sevenp.s. i'd advise against any thought of venturing into these locations. very strongly so. the dangers of such an activity are too great to list. the images, though fascinating, provide a false representation of the real life environment as they are artificially lit and taken using long exposures. enjoy vicariously.


more bones and cheesecake


and yet she has no arm bones . . .


cambria


imo: it would.


as a resident of wales, i approve.


it's tons better than ariel or helvetica!


i can't argue with that, john burton.and i agree, bardiac. the paradox is that for powerpoint presentations, sans serif fonts like helvetica (and its bastard windows progeny arial) are recommended. apparently they're easier to read from far away, which is why so much advertising is in helvetica. (this documentary on helvetica, by the way, is really kind of amazing.)for books, however, and other documents that require close-up reading, serif fonts are apparently superior. i'm finding myself liking cambria more and more, but i can't tell if it's only because it's not times new roman or if there are certain attributes that make it easier, or more pleasurable, or generally better to read.


the faces of shakespeare


or, as the old saying goes, "shakespeare can never be too rich or too thin."


that's funny--actually has me laughing.raises the possibility that the chandos portrait might have been his own jessica simpson / k fed moment.


is it just me, or is "hot" shakespeare's hair really strange (totally flat for one third, then poofed out for the rest)? maybe he wasn't naturally balding in the later portraits, but trying out another crazy hair design. if this hypothesis is correct, it greatly troubles the earlier claim about shakespeare's syphilis ...


it's not just you, liza b.  his hair kind of reminds me of one of ben affleck's bad hair styles from his earlier, nerdier days. think chasing amy.


liza, i think you've just found evidence for the early modern faux-hawk.


hey,i dunno where to post this, but i read your blog about the "revenger's tragedy" which we are studying at the moment (i'm an undergrad. student). i am looking to apply dadaism to this play and am searching the net for information, ideas, links that might help inspire some sort of process which will ensure a dadaist outcome...any ideas, links, websites? did you discuss this with your students as well?cheers!l


surely the famous engraving of shakespeare on the title page of the first folio depicts merely a mask? its edges can be clearly seen below the chin line. the bard's aberrant rotundity was merely a matter of his impostor's wardrobe of the day.


oh, john, you have been seduced at last by the oxfordians. doesn't everyone know that shakespeare was a time travelling computer sent back by mit in furtherance of its brutus linguistic creativity project? the matter is fully explored at: http://yeomaniana.blogspot.com.


iago marbury






tis good to be a post

professor quoque's historie years of the day
the cutpurse lives
more props for a largely defunct blog
the fleet
more bones and cheesecake
cambria
the faces of shakespeare
iago marbury
it's winter in the new world
it's snowing in old europe

the dark backward
  
   
   ---- archives ---- 





many-headed multitude
[+/-] academic blogs


advice at your own risk
ancrene wiseass
angry professor
bardiac
berube
bitch phd
blotted lines
b l o g o s
carnivalesque
confessions of a cc dean
early modern notes
early modern whale
easily distracted
ferule and fescue
the freudian petticoat
geoffrey chaucer hath a blog
got medieval
historianess
history carnival
in favor of thinking
the little professor
new kid on the hallway
philobiblon
profgrrrrl
renaissance lit
separated by a common language
serendipities
sound and fury
textual studies, 1500-1800
the valve


[+/-] other blogs we like


balkinization
brad delong
clublife
crooks & liars
daily howler
forksplit
freakonomics
glenn greenwald
kevin drum


feeds
     rss
     atom
 via email:  


  







our ongoing series
in sad conference
... live reports from the field
[+/-] rsa 2008

a acacia fierceness yeti morons
rsa - reception
hey! it's rsa!

[+/-] saa 2008

saa!
p.s. guns
saa dubai?
saa pompeii
saa 2008: deep thought

[+/-] mla 2007

mla snapshot
words, words, words
sleep. no blog.
snowy day at mla

[+/-] saa 2007

post-traumatic saa syndrome
saa: rumors
saa: really quite a nice conference
saa: caring makes me tired

[+/-] rsa 2007

rsa: not all bad.
ok, that's it.
the rsa blues
south beach: not very early modern

[+/-] mla 2006

mla date change
mla if you are doing interviews ...
mla day three: a day of shreds and patches
mla day two: in which i attend no sessions
mla blogging, part one
further indignities from kline
it's conservative academic silly season again

[+/-] saa 2006


saa day three: "thrown into taint"
more on saa day two
saa day one: look me in the eye
where not to have your next reception
on pre-conference feedback for saa

[+/-] rsa 2006


rsa day three: i think i insulted someone
rsa day one: the new zombiism rises
usually uniface in san francisco


read on this book
... our occasional reading group
about the reading group

[+/-] inkhorn reads the anatomy


partition 1
partition 2
partition 3
partition 4
partition 5

[+/-] fs boas, university drama


more university drama
boas = holzknecht?

[+/-] d. shuger, political theologies


"i did not want to write political allegory"
plato and bucer, religion and sex
the uses of intellectual history
political theologies: an overview


the motto thus
... our silly woodcut caption contest
[+/-] past contests


no. 7 (winning entry)
no. 6 (winning entry)
no. 5 (winning entry)
no. 4 (winning entry)
no. 3 (winning entry)
no. 2 (winning entry)
no. 1 (winning entry)


more foolery yet
... which we write periodically
[+/-] holzknecht redivivus


about this project
the puritan widow (c.1607)
love's cure (c.1606/1629)
the gentleman usher (1606)
the sparagus garden (1635)
the old law (c.1618)
all's lost by lust (c.1619)


[+/-] eebonics


happy mother's day, eebo!
in purgatorio
early modern waterboarding
rowlands's etymologies of names of contempt
hugh plat
the roundhead's reply?
an odd ballad: "my bird is a round-head"
gascoigne's noble arte of venerie


[+/-] notes and queries


about this project
on women and men in jacobean england
oh, tapster...
"downwarde and upwarde"
"at both endes"






tuesday, march 28, 2017




professor quoque's historie years of the day




1500: ants.
1501: ants.
1502: plague rages but not black yet; looks kind of dark brownish?
1503: monks of st swithinsgate don particolor hoods in best jest of century.
1504: henry vii tells son henry that he’ll never be king with that attitude... in latin.
1505: first warm ale day observed in boundsmanshire hollow.
1506: howlets in the jestbook (re-)invented
1507: not a year until gregorian calendar adapted in 1558.
1508: 250,000th singing of greensleeves.
1509: new king henry viii invents lute pie.
1510: rogationtide day massacre!
1511: cromwell gets crommed... well.
1512: death’s head with rose in mouth invented.
1513: bishop of lancashire says “quid?” with mouth full.
1514: teeth discovered by galileo.
1515: country celebrates “anno de doublensis fifteeniensis.”
1516: country mourns during “anno de non doublensis.”
1517: henry viii eats favorite fool, sloppy john.
1518: goblets, goblets, and more goblets.
1519: maiden loses mind trying to find buttery bar.
1520: morris dance of devonshire kills eighty.
1521: erasmus high.
1522: the actually black plague rages.
1523: bells discovered.
1524: cardinal wolsey considers a mule.
1525: catherine of aragon lords “aragon” over us again.
1526: cordwainer wains cords for a groat.
1527: robert cranstow, 3rd duke of suffolk, invades his own pants.
1528: green man wrestles papal bull.
1529: boke of the growlynge published.
1530: court poet john skelton invents “blah blah blah.”
1531: anne of cleves has vision of flaming river.
1532: birth of death.
1533: merchant taylors guild invents money.
1534: nicholas of cusa says “call me nicholas of cusa.”
1535: peter pumblepepper up-fangles margery maidmendler... again!
1536: dragons now extinct south of river trent.
1537: imagination discovered cowering in charnel house.
1538: henry viii accidentally knights duck.
1539: sir quackington defeats the earl of essex in joust.
1540: henry viii eats sir quackington with orange sauce.
1541: england realizes it had reformation, feels bloated.



by greenwit @ 11:50 am  




   

   


    	



         











saturday, november 05, 2011




the cutpurse lives




this, from today's new york times: a story about "lush workers," as they're called in our day and age, who slice open the pants pockets of drunken subway riders to steal their wallets.  i'm posting it here because it's such a nice revision of a canonical historical oddity -- the cutpurse -- that sits so prominently in the ways we think about theatrical culture in tudor and stuart london.  all of the familiar features are here: the unsuspecting, overly confident mark, slumped over and drunk in a public place; the constable, rolling his eyes both at the naivete of the victims and the intractable practices of petty thieves; and the purse-cutter -- now a pocket-slicer -- knowing precisely who to rob and how to do it without attracting notice.  admittedly, there's something a bit inelegant about robbing a corpse-like drunk, and i have a hard time imagining my favorite jacobean cutpurse, edgworth, from bartholomew fair, bragging about robbing a catatonic cokes.  but there is something to be learned about the contrast set up here in any case.  here and now, in 21st century new york, a cutpurse -- not a pickpocket, mind you, but an actual cutpurse -- works on anesthetized victims.  men (at least, those of us who still prefer the front-pocket spot) hold their wallets very close to their bodies, and it's a very delicate operation to get in there unnoticed.  says officer rudolph of the nypd: “it’s unbelievable they don’t cut the person’s leg wide open. they’re like surgeons with a razor blade, for god’s sake.”  ("leg" seems like a bit of a euphemism here to me, but that's more my problem than officer rudolph's.) in 1607, owing in part to a different kind of wallet technology, men lost purses in broad daylight when they were wide awake.  the enabling element for the cutpurse wasn't alcohol, but sheer distraction.  and while there were many, many, many ways to keep someone's attention long enough to permit a quick cut, one of them could have been a performance of, say, titus andronicus.  the absorption of an audience member into the action on stage would have been thought of -- by thieves, by aldermen, by playwrights, by playgoers -- in the same way we think about falling asleep dead drunk on a train.  a particularly good play would leave people open to attack and loss.  and, like subway riders who wake up walletless and fuzzy-mouthed six stops past their own, those robbed, distracted audience members would have been embarrassed by their misfortune.  they all have no one but themselves to blame.



by greenwit @ 9:50 am  




   

   


    	



         











thursday, september 10, 2009




more props for a largely defunct blog




it seems like, now that we have gone dark, or at least grey, we are getting more kudos than ever. something calling itself the accredited online universities has posted something calling itself the "100 best blogs and websites for innovative academics." so if you are innovative, you really should be checking out these blogs and websites. included among these best for the innovative is btr:whether you like pretty pictures or pretty words (hopefully both), this site’s got you covered. there are summaries of renaissance conferences, an online reading group, and great photos that help bring europe to life.we really do hope you like both pretty pictures or pretty words. if you like only one, you are a philistine. also, we hope that we have succeeded in bringing europe to life. it's been kind of dead for a few hundred years. our british friends certainly know this well.(i'm upset that accredited online universities did not highlight our special blend of scholarship and snarkiness. this post really brings the scholarship.)



by hieronimo @ 1:15 pm  




   

   


    	



         











monday, april 06, 2009




the fleet




one of the good things about living in old europe is that there are plenty of abandoned sewers, and on sunday i walked much of the route that the fleet river once flowed. still flows, in fact, although now it’s a subterranean waterway. the fleet was a major river in roman and anglo-saxon britain, with wells and springs dotting its banks: hence clerkenwell. but by the time we get to our period, it was in a terrible way, a dumping ground for all kinds of waste. ben jonson’s ‘on the famous voyage’ imagines two part-drunk city boys journeying up the polluted fleet ditch from bridewell to holborn, perhaps in search of a brothel. richard helgerson called jonson’s verse one of ‘the filthiest, the most deliberately and insistently disgusting poems in the language’, which is praise of a sort. and it is an insistently scatological poem: ‘how dare / your daintie nostrills … / tempt such a passage? when each priuies seate / is fill’d with buttock? and the walls doe sweate / urine.’ not unlike a couple of north london pubs i frequent.anyway, today you can still see the origin of the fleet on hampstead heath in the form of the eighteenth-century ponds, created by damming the fleet’s two headwaters. the fleet’s two streams then travel underground, through dartmouth park, down kentish town, where they join, under quinn’s: the bright yellow camden pub, for those of you with local knowledge, itself no friend of daintie nostrills. from there, the fleet heads to kings cross: no obvious signs of it here, although there is a plaque marking fleet-derived ‘bagnigge wells’, where, if you were one of the ratherest things in eighteenth-century london, you might take the waters and the tea. the sign stands behind a bus-stop, opposite a hideous travelodge on the spot of nell gwynne’s former house. (the bus-stop is called ‘gwynne place’.)the fleet then runs on to farringdon road, cutting its way under gastropubs full of guardian journalists, eventually exiting into the thames under blackfriars bridge.so far, so underground, but, rather thrillingly, it’s possible to hear the fleet passing beneath, at one point. there is a grate in the road outside the otherwise forgettable coach and horses pub, on ray street, just off farringdon, and if you risk lying down with your ear to the ground, you can hear the amazingly loud sound of the fleet’s rushing water. ‘all, that they boast of styx, of acheron, / cocytus, phlegethon, our haue prou’d in one.’the other chance for fleet-glimpsing is beneath blackfriars bridge. the spot is unmarked, but if you have a low-tide, and if you walk to the right, and lean out as far as you can, you can see, lurking, the hole where the fleet hits the thames. it’s hidden away – everyone walks by – but you can see the waters that started off in dainty hampstead, tumbling out into the thames.



by bardolph @ 1:55 pm  




   

   


    	



         











monday, march 23, 2009




more bones and cheesecake




this image is freaky as all get out (and completely off topic).   barbie has hip and leg "bones." and a skull.  if only richard brome or a. s. were alive to make a joke about the flesh and the bones.more cool ct scans here.



by simplicius @ 8:53 pm  




   

   


    	



         











wednesday, march 18, 2009




cambria




is cambria becoming the new times new roman?  would this be a good development?



by simplicius @ 8:47 pm  




   

   


    	



         











monday, march 09, 2009




the faces of shakespeare




stanley wells has the goods on the cobbe portrait.i personally like to imagine shakespeare having weight issues as the reason for the fluctuating rotundity of his face in various paintings and carvings.



by simplicius @ 2:12 pm  




   

   


    	



         















iago marbury




it appears stephon marbury is doing his best iago on the boston celtics.commented kevin garnett: "weird thing is, he kept calling the other guys moors, which is just really messed up," the 12-time all-star said. "i mean, what is that, anyway? he didn't say it like it was a good thing. if he plays good basketball he can do what he wants, but i'm not going to listen to anyone call me or my guys moors."



by simplicius @ 1:34 pm  




   

   


    	



         


















 


