
















henry county youth soccer

























































































pages



home


faq


parents


referees


registration


sponsors


schedules


rules


covid 19 information


field addresses






















































































welcome to henry county youth soccer - home of the lightning and dynamite!



spring 2023 registrations are now closed for all teams.  henry county soccer is a recreational travel soccer club and has served the youth of henry county, in since 1996. we are an affiliate of indiana youth soccer and offer teams for ages 8 through 14 in the fall and spring sessions, with teams participating in the isl recreational plus league.  our rec+ teams travel to surrounding counties and learn the skills required for competitive play.

our mission is to cultivate a better community by promoting soccer in the henry county area, and we believe that participating in the game of soccer helps to foster self-confidence, dedication, discipline, and a sense of fair play in our children. our goal is to create a safe and positive opportunity for the players to develop their soccer skills as well as life skills such as teamwork, friendship and sportsmanship.

henry county soccer is a non-profit organization, and we strive to minimize our costs compared to other clubs in the area. our registration fees are less than half of what you will find in towns such as greenfield and muncie, and they are between 10-25% of the larger clubs you will find in indianapolis, carmel, fishers and noblesville. even though our rates are very reasonable compared to other clubs within an hours drive, we offer flexible payment plans to accommodate most budgets.  in order to keep costs down we encourage families to volunteer in our organization.











































































home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)










































henry county youth soccer. awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























