







candelari's















































0








        skip to content
      































        menu
      



        catering & events
      



        hours & info
      



































                    order pick-up
                  






open menu
close menu










































                    order pick-up
                  

























        menu
      



        catering & events
      



        hours & info
      









open menu
close menu
























                  menu
                





                  catering & events
                





                  hours & info
                




































                order pick-up
              































order online


















































cucina italiana















fresh ingredients. hand-made pasta.our waitstaff and chefs go above and beyond to ensure authenticity of our flavors and experience. we cook using fresh ingredients, hand-made pastas, and a wood-fired oven for authentic pizzas. it's a real italian experience.




    see our menu
  



























specialty pizzas. best in town.why are our pizzas so good? because we make our dough from scratch everyday, and cook them in our custom pizza oven from italy. enjoy our hand-tossed or thin crust pizzas. we even have a gluten-free version for you.




    see our menu
  


























our family recipe















candelari’s sausageour famous italian sausage has been a close kept family recipe passed down from our grandfather, papa albert. we continue his legacy by making hand made, old school italian sausage using his recipe and serving it to you.




    our story
  


























tuesday–friday 2 to 6pm















join us for happy hour!- curated fine wine & beer selections- local craft beers- specialty cocktails- comfortable patio & indoor bar seating
















order online:




    to-go orders
  




    delivery
  



























your neighborhood italiano!



hours:sunday: 12pm-9pmtues, weds, thurs: 11am-9:30pmfriday & saturday: 11am-10pmmonday: closed



stay awhile!casual atmospherecomfortable patio seatingwatch the game from the “shoe”



address:2617 w holcombe, houston, tx 77030happy hour:tuesday–friday from 2–6pm



some of our favorite customers:






















when i'm craving italian food, candelari's is my go-to place.
shveta a. – yelp






lovely restaurant with a patio as well. family friendly, but also a cute spot for date night.
brittany – opentable






pasta and meatballs are cooked to perfection and sauce is soooo creamy.
alana s. – yelp






amazing. everything was top tier. the alfredo was the best i have ever had.
syla j. – google






having moved to houston from chicago, i have been searching for a go-to pizza joint - this is it!
james b. – yelp






one of the best italian restaurants i’ve had in houston! loved it
sobia m. – google






good bar with cocktails and tap beers. friendly, efficient service, with personal attention.
ajk – trip advisor






food is high quality and staff is very friendly.
jonathan t. – google





































































email address






sign up






thank you!



sign up to receive news & special discounts from candelari’s!
























menuour storyreservationscatering & eventscontact



bravo mg managementgift cardsemploymentpartnershipsfaq



candelari’s is a family friendly neighborhood restaurant, that has served the best pizza and italian food in houston for over 20 years. owned by two bellaire high school graduates, candelari’s is adored by locals, and is part of the bravo mg restaurant family.


















































2617 w holcombe, houston, tx 77030sunday: 12pm-9pm | tues, weds, thurs: 11am-9:30pm | friday & saturday: 11am-10pm | monday: closed











