





costume-connections – home of the costume-con visual archive




























































facebook












home of the costume-con visual archive









homenewsthe costume-con® archives 

costume-con® data archive costume-con® visual gallery
costume-con founder’s awardin memory of…about us 

faq the genesis and evolution of costume-con costume-con.org contributors contact
constitution 

costume-con constitution how to bid for a costume-con conference costume-con site selection ballot template licensing letter template by-laws template budget sample
resources 

future fashion design center run a costume-con guide bookshelf






menu




















welcome to the costume-con® visual archive








important news:
costume-con 43 in milwaukee, wisconsin has been canceled.
as announced on january 21, 2025, costume-con 43 in milwaukee, wisconsin has been canceled. (http://cc43.org/). cc43 was to have taken place from april 11 – 13, 2025. if you have booked a room with the hotel, please cancel your reservation as soon as possible with the hilton milwaukee city center. for more information, visit cc43’s fb group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/1240183233251099
the deadline to submit bids for costume-con 44 was extended but to our knowledge no viable bids have been received to date. (bids are normally due 180 days prior to the previous costume-con.) site selection would have taken place during cc42 (2024) in aurora, co. cc43 was awarded to henry osier by karen schnaubelt during cc42.
an eastern location (south or north) would fit with tradition, as would a canadian cc in any province. for instructions on bidding, visit how to bid for a costume-con conference. if you plan to submit a bid for cc44, please contact us asap and let us know when to expect your bidding paperwork.
costume-con 42 took place march 29 through april 1, 2024, and we are still in the process of acquiring a complete set of official photos from the con committee.
there was no cc41 because of the covid pandemic.
costume-con 39 took place in san jose, ca in 2023. photos are being processed and published and will be available in the visual archive as soon as we are able to upload and post them.
archive news:
thanks to a generous grant from the international costumers’ guild’s marty gear costume arts and sciences fund, the costume-con visual archives has added an advanced visual archive search. we’re working now on adjusting the tags for each image, so that you can search for costumers as well as costumes. tags for the 12,000 images on the site will take some time to and we could use some help with this update.
we are also in the process of cataloging all of the print and digital collateral that is not on the website. this includes program books, fashion folios, and a whole lot more. that catalog will be published on our main data archive page when we have enough content listed to justify the post.
if you’re interested in volunteering to assist, send info to ccinfo@costume-con.org and we’ll provide you with login information and instructions for what to do.
conference news
costume-con 42 was held in aurora, colorado
site selection voting on the cc42 bid took place at costume-con 40 in bethesda, maryland.

3rd place (1 vote): baptistown, new jersey (long live toni lay‡)
2nd place ( 3 votes): kevin and andy’s place
1st place (32 votes): the official cc42 bid!

the conference will be headed by chairpersons erin card and beverly warner. erin recently reported this news:

“we have a prelim contract with the hyatt regency in aurora, colorado for march 29 through april 1, 2024.” the hotel’s website is here: https://www.reservationcounter.com/hotels/show/614e41d/hyatt-regency-aurora-denver-conference-center-aurora-co/. costume-con 42 shall be backed and organized by shiny garden, a 501(c)3 nonprofit that organizes inclusive and diversity-friendly fan events in the rocky mountain region.

watch this space as we update with website and social media information.
future costume-cons
(click the links below for more information)
 
costume-con 43: milwaukee, wisconsin – april 11-13, 2025 (canceled)
bids for cc44:


none that we know of


immediate past costume-con
costume-con 42: aurora, colorado – march 29-april 1, 2024
 
previous costume-cons
costume-con 41: cc39 took the place of cc41
 
costume-con 40: bethesda, md – april 1-4, 2022
costume-con 39: san jose, california – april 21-24, 2023
costume-con 38: montreal, quebec, canada – march 13-16, 2020 (canceled due to covid-19 pandemic)
costume-con 37: danvers, massachusetts – march 22-25, 2019
costume-con 36: san diego, california – may 11-14, 2018
the gallery rebuild is complete. but wait. there’s more.
after six months of sorting through tens of thousands of records and almost ten thousand photographic image files, we have finished the visual and data migration to our new system, driven by nextgen gallery.
when we started this process, there were over 9,400 images stored in folders that were sorted and identified in ways that made it hard or impossible to identify the individuals who were captured during our 37 years of activity. these image files never disappeared, but the engine that displayed them broke. with a new system in place and a new file structure that helps us identify which images belong to which entries or people, we now have the ability to add images to existing folders, create new sections of the archive, and display all images dynamically.
there are now data pages for every type of data we track, whether we have that data in our archive or not. in many cases, especially for events from the last decade, we found content on the web archive site archive.org. our wordpress theme includes a “featured images” option and we have selected a wide variety of costumes, dolls, and other exhibits that highlight our pages.
searching the archives
there are now two search functions. the sidebar search function with the magnifying glass (below) searches our data archive. you can look for a name, a panel title, or other relevant data and pull up the relevant pages. to find content within the page, you can also choose an entire cc’s set of posts using the abbreviation for each cc. (cc14, for example, will pull up all of the data on file for costume-con 14).
the data archive remains a work in progress. we are cleaning up that content now and hope to add more as we assess the missing information and build the data archive catalog.
the visual archive search pulls up photographs based on costume titles, costumer names or other data related to entries throughout the visual archive (e.g.: cc22-h, kelly turner). there are photos from official photographers, members in attendance, or screen captures of costumes from video recordings of the events.
data archive catalog
coming soon: a catalog of all video recordings and other collateral for each costume-con. we are actively searching for material to fill the gaps. this archive will be viewable at costume-con 40 in a special exhibit area devoted to our archives. check this space shortly for a link to the document and help us fill in the blanks.
see the news page for more information on the status of this project.
in memory of…
our community has lost many people over time. those we know are gone are indicated throughout the site with either an asterisk (*) or a double-dagger symbol (‡). the * symbol is not searchable. a new in memory of… page is now available. if you wish to remember costume-con community members (costumers and costume enthusiasts) whose names don’t already appear on that page, please let us know. we are replacing the * signifier in the data archive now.
the unknown costumer
help us fill gaps in our data! search on unknown in either the visual archive or data archive and let us know what we’re missing. if we think we have a spelling problem, we are trying to use (sp) to indicate the problem. the ? symbol is a special character and searching for it causes problems. we have quite a number of images that lack details and others that have misspellings. we need your help to identify these missing pieces of information or to add photos we lack. your assistance is greatly appreciated!
help wanted!
if you have experience with wordpress, nextgen gallery, and data entry, and you want to join the site maintenance team, we welcome your help! at the moment, there’s really just a couple of us, and nobody else knows wordpress like we do.
please get in touch with our once and future costume-con archivist to volunteer.
thanks so much for your patience!

this is the official web archive for information about costume-con conferences past. on this site are costume-con’s history, personal library recommendations, related events and materials. the costume-con visual and data archives include photos and information for every past costume-con competition, including the rules, entry titles, awards and more.
visit the costume-con archives
in all, 40 years of costume-con’s history are represented within these pages.
drop by often, and update us on new links to costume-related web sites and “real world” shopping places as you find them.






search data archive



search visual archivecostume-con visual archive advanced search
data archive categoriesdata archive categories
select category
competition rules
   dimensions in design showcase
   doll competition
   fashion folio design competition
   historical masquerade
   mouse-kerade
   once and future fashion show
   one of a kind competition rules
      $1.98 competition
      aloha shirt contest
      bathing beauty/beefcake contest
      bra contest
      cc runway
      codpiece contest
      fabric design
      fast fashion free-for-all
      hat contest
      iron costumer
      mad science fair
      mask competition
      miss ellen’s portieres competition
      pandemic mask competition
      shoe competition
      tiara contest
      tie contest
      tote contest
      witch’s hat
   quilt contest
   science fiction/fantasy masquerade
   single pattern competition
   teddy bear contest
   themed hall costume competition
   video masquerade
   wearable art
competition visual archives
   dimensions in design showcase visual archive
   doll competition visual archive
   friday night social visual archive
   future fashion show visual archive
   historical masquerade visual archive
   mouse-kerade visual archive
   once and future fashion show visual archive
   one of a kind visual archive
      aloha shirt contest visual archive
      bathing beauty/beefcake contest visual archive
      bra contest visual archive
      cc runway visual archive
      codpiece contest visual archive
      hat contest visual archive
      iron costumer visual archive
      mad science fair visual archive
      miss ellen’s portieres competition visual archive
      pandemic mask competition visual archive
      shoe competition visual archive
      tiara contest visual archive
      tote contest visual archive
      witch’s hat visual archive
   quilt contest visual archive
   science fiction/fantasy masquerade visual archive
   single pattern competition visual archive
   themed hall costume competition visual archive
conference committee
costume-con visual archives
merchants and dealers
overview
program and participants
publications
review


home
news
the costume-con® archives

costume-con® data archive
costume-con® visual gallery


costume-con founder’s award
in memory of…
about us

faq
the genesis and evolution of costume-con
costume-con.org contributors
contact


constitution

costume-con constitution
how to bid for a costume-con conference
costume-con site selection ballot template
licensing letter template
by-laws template
budget sample


resources

future fashion design center
run a costume-con guide
bookshelf
























home
news
the costume-con® archives
constitution
in memory of…
future fashion design center
contact us



				copyright costume-connections 2025			









close menu


































