




maui oceanfront vacation rental with panorama views at the mahana on kaanapali beach by owner with reduced rates




























 







maui vacation rental condo



the mahana at kaanapali vacation rental on maui, hawaii


 




menu

home
the mahana resort
rentals/ratesunit 1205
unit 1217
rental rates

the view
reservations
guestbook
contact us








maui oceanfront vacation rentals by owner at the mahana at kaanapali
the mahana is a smoke free resort
kaanapali condos with pool and panoramic views
the mahana at kaanapali is an unusual and unique resortquest resort located on west maui on the famous kaanapali beach. our maui oceanfront vacation rental is in a quiet area of the north kaanapali beach hotel area yet it is nearby all the attractions that make kaanapali and lahaina the number one destination on maui as well as the most favorite hawaii vacation rental spot.

 













our mahana vacation rental units
we are close to restaurants, markets, shops and golf courses yet we are literally right on the beach which provides a wide variety of ocean activities and sports. our beach front provides an ideal setting for long walks along the ocean with beautiful sunsets and exceptional star gazing where you can see the space shuttle pass by every hour. we have a panoramic ocean view of the islands of lanai and molokai and we have breathtaking sightings of whales spawning and breaching in their winter & spring playground. you will be amazed at the kite sailing and windsurfing which grace the water right in front of your amazing beach view.
	some of the amenities the mahana has to offer are:

we do not charge a $20 per day "amenity fee"
unit 1217 & unit 1205 are oceanfront units
spectacular views of lanai and molokai
central air conditioning
private oceanfront lanais
24 hour front desk services
on site concierge/activities booking
heated swimming pool
heated whirlpool spa
mens & womens bath houses with showers
tennis court
shuffleboard court
chaise lounges poolside & oceanside
2 bbq grill areas
full kitchen & laundry facilities
hd digital cable tv
free parking
free ultra high speed wi-fi inside our units
free wi-fi in lobby & pool areas
free us/canada calls

we own and privately rent two oceanfront maui vacation rental condos at the mahana. penthouse 1205 and unit 1217 are both the same size and both have the same lavish amenities. our maui vacation rental by owner suites have all the comforts of home and all the luxuries of a fine hawaii resort.

our penthouse 1205
	this beautiful luxury penthouse suite has one bedroom, two baths and a lanai.  unit 1205 is located on the top (12th) floor and has breathtaking oceanfront views with complete privacy from onlookers.
find out more ......
 

our penthouse 1217
	this beautiful luxury penthouse suite has one bedroom, one bath and a lanai.  unit 1217 is located on the 12th floor and has breathtaking oceanfront views with complete privacy from onlookers. 
find out more ......



	 






unit 1217 photos
unit 1205 photos
reserve now!

at a glance


vrbo listing #364287/#138852


no $20 per day "amenity fee"

mahana at kaanapali maui resort
oceanfront with beautiful beach
condo rental by owner
best views of whales & rainbows
1 bedroom 2 bath and 1 bedroom 1 bath
beautiful ocean views
luxurious furnishings
free wi-fi & printer
free parking
free us/canada calls

see our rates page

 
use contact us to
inquire about
available open dates
 

 


about penthouse 1205

about penthouse 1217


click for current readout
	from the mahana
	weather station
web cam


contact info
we are available by phone at these numbers:
	joe & linda falletta
	(310) 545-2013 (hm)
	(310) 213-2013 (cell)
you will receive a prompt, same day reply.
	or, you may
contact us by email
	or, you may make
	a reservation request
 



 

 ©stayonmaui.com 2006 - 2025 ............ vacation rental website



