


















welcome - iris power


































































company

overviewcompany newscareersupcoming conferences and tradeshows
products

browse by asset application

hydro generatorturbine generatormotorswitchgearisolated phase bus 
browse by type of monitoring

partial discharge monitoringendwinding vibration monitoringrotor flux monitoring (synchronous machines)rotor  winding monitoring – induction motorsair gap monitoringmechanical vibration monitoringshaft voltage and current monitoringoffline testing 
view all products

view all products 

services

onsite traininginstrument repair & calibrationfield servicesonline testing & diagnostic reportsoffline testing & diagnostic reports
learning center

online partial discharge severity tablesresource librarycourses and trainingupcoming conferences and tradeshows
irmc

irmc 2025 – north america
customer support

customer portaldiagnostic upload
contact

contact usrequest a quotetechnical support
   






 



       manage your risk      

 iris power provides high-quality equipment and services to collect the information you need to effectively monitor large motors and generators.
 




condition monitoring products
our products are used by power utilities, heavy industries and electrical transmission and distribution operations throughout the world. to investigate specific asset solutions, choose the relevant option below.




 

hydro generator
            condition monitoring

 


  

turbo generator
              condition monitoring

 


  

motor
                condition monitoring

 





what our clients say 






 

"we use iris power's products to make sure that the generator winding’s health is comparable to similar generator of similar age and take action as needed ahead of time. e.g. one of our generator is having dusting in a particular area." senior engineer, silicon valley power 



 

iris power on-line endwinding vibration monitoring identified looseness that would have otherwise gone unnoticed with sufficient warning to allow for proper scheduling and planning of repairs i & e technician, portlands energy centre 

















condition monitoring services
we go above-and-beyond to ensure success the success of our customer’s condition-based monitoring initiatives.











field services
iris power offers installation supervision and commissioning services for all sensors and instruments to ensure optimum performance and configuration.  
learn more









onsite training
onsite training sessions that cover your important topics, at your site and on your scheduled.  engineers and maintenance teams benefit from better understand the condition of their motors or generators in order to take maintenance actions ahead of failures.


learn more











instrument repair & calibration
instrument calibration and repair services ensure your instrument is reading accurately and reliably while complying with your calibration policies. 
learn more









online testing & diagnostic reports
the collection and analysis of online condition data to provide diagnostic reports on a variety of online condition data including partial discharge, rotor flux and end-winding vibration, shaft voltages and air gap.  
learn more











offline testing & diagnostic reports
the collection and analysis of offline condition data including elcid tests, dc ramp tests, tan delta tests, dielectric strength tests and machine inspections
learn more







learning center
this resource library is designed to provide current, relevant resources that provide technical knowledge and practical solutions for owners and operators of rotating machines. we encourage you to use the search feature and filters to locate specific resources of interest.






resource library
articles, technical papers, & case studies

stator end-winding vibration in two-pole machines – avoiding generator failure
in the past 15 years, insurance industry data have indicated that stator end-winding vibration has become the most important ...
browse our resource library




courses & training
hands-on, practical experience

el cid training | electromagnetic core imperfection detection – may 6-8, 2025 – iris power, toronto, canada
about the course mechanical, electrical and environmental stresses can cause a breakdown in the inter-laminar insulation on stator core assemblies…
browse our courses




irmc 2025
june 23-26, 2025 - nashville, tn

irmc 2025
learn more













about iris power
iris power, founded in 1990, offers sensors, monitors and diagnostic
          solutions for the assessment of the actual state of generators, motors,
          dry-type transformers and air-insulated switchgear, so that the risk 
          assessed and the necessary maintenance can be planned. in 2010 iris 
          power lp was acquired by qualitrol corporation, a global leader for 
          condition-based monitoring.






head office
iris power lp
            3110 american drive
            mississauga, ontario
            l4v 1t2 canada

            telephone: +1-905-677-4824
            toll free: +1-888-873-4747 




contact us
contact us
request a quote
customer service
integrity and compliance
msa statement
terms & conditions
privacy policy – iris power lp website
cookie declaration





copyright © 2017 iris power
site by: snap360














