





































    
    catholic church of st. ann, marietta, ga. la salette parish
  
  











            




    





       home


   about us


   we are a la salette parish



  st. ann history



  parish staff





  weekly bulletin



  parish calendar



  campus map



  faq





  mass information


   st. ann livestream





  news and events


   news



  events



  discipleship at st. ann



  adopt-a-family



  apple annie arts & crafts show



  cookies and cocoa with santa



  national eucharistic revival



  annual events





  sacraments


   anointing of the sick



  baptism



  first communion



  confirmation



  reconciliation



  marriage



  vocations



  funerals at st. ann





  becoming catholic at st. ann



  education & formation


   preschool



  launch (children's ministry)


   launch faq





  edge (middle school)



  life teen (high school)


   parents for life teen





  encounter (adult faith ministry)


   encounter bible studies



  pilgrimage





  digital media resources





  ministries


   liturgical ministry



  outreach ministries



  pastoral care ministries


   pastoral care-department





  spiritual enrichment ministries



  community ministries





  parish councils and committees



  make a donation


   online giving





  la salette laity summit vi



  contact us


   job openings



  safe environment, reporting abuse, virtus training










       

 

 

 

    













 





           





    the catholic church of

saint ann

we are a la salette parish family dedicated to reconciliation through worship, word, works and sacrament. committed to creating a place for everyone to make a connection and grow in faith through prayer, lifelong learning, service, discipleship and pastoral support, we invite you to be part of our family and make yourself at home.﻿
  

mass information

  

st. ann livestream




       join our parish




     

register


   

registrarse







     

sign up for the new member social




   



   parish surveys and now complete: next steps for a five-year pastoral planafter weeks of gathering valuable feedback, our parish surveys have officially concluded. the pastoral council will now begin analyzing the collected data to develop a five-year pastoral plan, shaping the future direction of our parish community.this plan will focus on key areas identified through parishioner input, ensuring that our ministries, outreach efforts, and spiritual growth opportunities align with the needs and aspirations of our faith family.we extend our heartfelt thanks to everyone who participated—your voices are essential in guiding the path forward. stay tuned for updates as the planning process unfolds!



      



 weekly bulletin
 download our bulletin
and see our most recent communications.


    



 online giving
 click the giving icon to donate. we are grateful for your continued support of st. ann.


    




 calendar
 stay connected with our parish community and save the date for upcoming events.

    



 sacraments

begin or continue your catholic faith journey
with st. ann.




   



      



     

learn more







   



      



 education & formation

    



 ministries



   



   
  

learn more




   



    join our newsletter

﻿mailing list

   stay in the know! our weekly email highlights the good works being done within our parish family and in the community.   
   name


 last name

 email




thank you for joining our community.  the st. ann faith in action newsletter is shared weekly. to keep this out of your spam folder, be sure to set your email setting to recieve emails from communications@st-ann.org.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later





 




   



    communication information
  one stop communications tool to help provide the parish with information about your event in the bulletin, website, parish screens, social media and other communications, print and graphics creation by the st. ann communications department.
   

parish communication form


 




    


  we are here to listen and take action.
archdiocese of atlanta’s 24-hour abuse reporting hotline:  
1-888-437-0764
hotline to report abuse by a bishopreportbishopabuse.org or 1-800-276-1562learn about reporting abusearchdiocese’s guidance on reporting child abuse










       catholic church of st. ann
4905 roswell road, marietta, georgia 30062 | 770-552-6400email:
contact@st-ann.org 
office hours: 9:00am - 5:00pm monday - thursday9:00am - 2:00pm friday




       

 

 

 

    













     © 2025 
weconnect  |  by lpi






















































































































  
  share by:








