


mrsl real-time systems laboratory



















 






toggle navigation










home
focus
about us
careers
contact





developing advanced, real-time, signal processing systems

careers
about us




 mission
          



 integrity
          



 innovation
          







our focus

          we design & develop quality products to help our customers exceed.
        






signals & systems

            we excel in the design, development, and deployment of signal processing applications using the x-midas software framework. we have a unique and intimate knowledge of the x-midas framework, since we evolve and sustain this framework for the entire community of ic contractors.
          





real-time processing

            we specialize in the development of mission-oriented, signal processing algorithms, applications. our signal processing applications are designed as a service within the customer's larger enterprise architecture, conforming to the chosen hardware and interfacing to other, appropriate common services.
          





web & database

            we design and develop database schemas and interfaces that scale from a few hundred transactions per second to a few hundred thousand transactions per second - all viewable in a web browser that allows our customers to easily find the data and patterns they are looking for.
          





lifecycle support

            we handle the full life-cycle support of signal processing applications, including prototype development, iterative product enhancement, field deployment, factory and field-testing, training, documentation, and continuing maintenance support.
          



also we focus on



web applications
cloud storage
ux strategy
linux
python / java / c++
nvidia cuda







        we are an employee owned company! what does that mean? it means every employee is a share holder which gives us more pride in the work we do.
      





about us

          we design & develop quality products to help national agencies of the intelligence community.
        




            developing amazing software with passion
          



		    mrsl has deep experience in signal processing application and common services development for the national agencies of the intelligence 
			community (ic) and the department of defense (dod). we have developed and deployed multiple applications and system infrastructures for 
			use in client mission operations.
			
			mrsl has facilities in sarasota, fl and monterey, ca. combined, these facilities include over 25,200 sq. ft. of approved government space 
			and 8,000 sq. ft. of raised floor lab space, providing a high-tech environment for research and system development. resources include a 
			signals analysis laboratory, state-of-the-art system development and programming tools, and integration and test facilities.  
          



			mrsl is an employee-owned company comprised of an exceptional team of developers and researchers. we specialize in implementing cutting-edge 
			signal processing solutions to the difficult technical challenges facing our partners within the u. s. ic and dod. we are recognized leaders 
			in digital signal processing, communications and software development with a national reputation for delivering exceptional solutions to 
			difficult problems. the distinctive relationships maintained with our partners allows our team to deploy and support their solutions within 
			the customer's operational enterprise architectures.
          













57
employees









25,200 sq ft
approved government space









8,000 sq ft
raised floor lab









2
awesome locations









careers




		    click here to view current openings
		  







contact us




























          71 alafia dr, sarasota, fl 34240
        

          4 lower ragsdale dr, suite 220, monterey, ca 93940
        






          mrsl from tpa
        

          mrsl from srq
        

          mrsl from mry
        

          mrsl from sjc
        





        p: (941) 377-6775
        f: (941) 377-1999
      








        ©2020 mrsl real-time systems laboratory, inc.
      











