




philadelphia car service | car service in philadelphia



















































 home
airports
 atlantic city airport (acy) jfk airport laguardia airport newark airport (ewr) philadelphia international airport trenton-mercer airport westchester airport
services
 airport transportation birthday limo service city tour concert transportation corporate transportation corporate events transportation group transportation holiday transportation hourly transportation leisure transportation night on town transportation prom limo services special events limo service sporting events transportation vacation transportation wedding transportation wine tours travel agents meeting planners travel managers
fleet
 sedans suvs sprinter van rental
service area
 philadelphia county cherry hill king of prussia doylestown camden more
about us
 faq privacy policy terms & conditions



  call - 267.715.2115   quick quote 
   





 best philadelphia car service when you need transportation services to the airport, regardless of the time of day, you can rely on corporate sedan service. read more call us 267.715.2115
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.first name *last name *pick up date *pick up time *pick up location *destinationtype of service *type of serviceairporthourly/as directedpoint-to-pointweddingotherbirthday partypromcity tourconcertround tripvehicle types *vehicle typessedan - 2 paxluxury sedan - 2 paxsuv - 6 paxluxury suv - 6 paxstretch limo - 8-10 paxexecutive sprinter - 13 paxlimo sprinter - 13 pax# of hours *# hours123456789101112passengers *phone *email *get your quoterequest a quote





 philadelphia, the city of brotherly love, offers many opportunities for business and leisure. whether you require transportation to philadelphia airport, or need transportation to the ritz-carlton hotel, we have got you covered. also, when attending a conference at the pennsylvania convention center our philadelphia car service is the solution. from wine tours in bucks county to special events at the iconic wells fargo center, we provide reliable transportation for all occasions. we offer solutions adapted for your needs, whether you’re headed to a business meeting at the sheraton philadelphia downtown or a wedding at the morris arboretum. furthermore, in case you are traveling with a group, remember that our sprinter vans can be an excellent option for groups seeking both luxury and comfort. and our professional chauffeurs always remain committed to ensuring your safety and punctuality.

choose our car services in philadelphia
first, there are several factors that make us stand out from the rest of the competition, including:
  24/7 live operator assistance (267.715.2115)   professional, experienced, and reliable staff   familiarity with area traffic patterns and best travel routes   real-time flight tracking tools and confirmations   courtesy, dependability and safety  after reading all the factors and you would like a personalized quote, please click here. 

 


  marie morris review from  google  3 weeks agoexcellent service
jeff who drove us to jfk was personable and professional! jose who picked us up from jfk had to wait a long time because our luggage took forever. he was patient, professional and personable as well. this was my first experience using corporate sedan services and i was very pleased and will use them again in the future. i highly recommend them. communication is excellent


  alex bardwell review from  google  4 days agovitaliy was very friendly and on time even though my flight landed half an hour early. excellent clean and comfortable car, a smooth and expert ride, and a nice bottle of water provided. superb experience from start to finish!


  myra odonoghue review from  google  2 weeks agoexcellent service from philly to jfk.  thorough communications from reserving the trip to our drop off.  i got texts when our driver as enroute and when he arrived.  smooth journey to jfk.  i highly recommend this company - and they are pet-friendly😃. our dog travelled at my feet and we made a special stop at the cargo area to check her in with her crate.  great service


  pamela review from  google  1 month agoexcellent services provided by this company . from booking to pick ups and delivery! thank you to 3 great drivers--jose, joe and brett. highly professional,  courteous, and timely. thank you elizabeth for communication and ease of booking.. modifying and information/answers to all my questions!!



 
airport transportation
with our corporate travel manager system, you can easily book airport car services, receive e-mail confirmations and change travel details on the fly. reserving ground transportation with a corporate account prevents last-minute delays, and saves travel managers valuable company time.read more


 
travel pros
we make it easy for travel agents or managers to reserve a chauffeured car on a moment’s notice, and we make you look good by providing the highest level of professionalism and customer service to your clients.read more


 
chauffeured transportation services
true to its name, corporate sedan service specializes in corporate transportation across pa and nj to accommodate the various needs of those working in today’s business world. with our superior attention to detail, clients can feel comfortable and confident knowing our corporate car services will arrive on time, with a friendly and professional chauffeur. we operate a fleet of luxury vehicles, offer 24-hour reservations, and provide vehicle and flight tracking, all to create a level of service unmatched in the pa and nj areas.read more


 where are you going? you deserve a ride that will make your day. we offer luxurious transportation services in philadelphia, and our fleet is filled with vehicles from limousines to luxury cars - all at competitive rates!


 laguardia airport
get a quote

 trenton-mercer airport
get a quote

 philadelphia international airport
get a quote

 jfk airport
get a quote

 newark airport (ewr)
get a quote

 atlantic city airport (acy)
get a quote

 westchester airport
get a quote

 airport car service in philadelphia are you in need of reliable private car services in philadelphia or surrounding areas? look no further. we are your top choice for car services across pennsylvania and new jersey. furthermore, we offer airport transfers and various transportation solutions. so, whether you need a limo service to lga airport, a private car from ttn, or an airport car service to jfk, we are prepared to accommodate your request with dedication. from the initial booking to your arrival at your destination, our professional chauffeurs ensure a smooth experience. whether it’s a solo ride or group transportation, expect first-rate client services as you ride in luxury. chauffeured car services for every occasion explore our premium fleet of vehicles that can cover to all your transportation needs. whether you need corporate transportation or a wedding limo service, we have the perfect vehicle to ensure you have a comfortable and stylish ride.  luxury sedans: ideal for up to 3 passengers, perfect for intimate groups or solo travelers seeking a luxurious ride. luxury suvs: comfortably accommodate up to 6 passengers, making it the perfect choice for medium-sized groups or families. sprinters vans: our spacious vans are well-equipped for larger gatherings, with enough room for up to 10 passengers.  best car services in philadelphia. contact us! for an experience that transcends mere transportation, opt for our philadelphia car service. we believe in delivering nothing short of excellence in every ride. every journey with us promises comfort and the professionalism you’d expect. send an email at reservations@sedanservice.com or call 267.715.2115 today. with us you can experience the unparalleled luxury and dependability that represent us. (helpful travel guide with unique insights you’ve never considered)


 latest from blog to get the most out of your next limousine ride, be sure to read our blog! you'll find articles that cover all aspects of this exciting industry.



posted on 09.23.2024
exploring philadelphia hidden gems
rich in history, the city of brotherly love has plenty to do for a stay of any duration. and like other major metropolitan areas, there are also plenty of hidden secrets in the philadelphia area to satisfy a tourist of any kind.   whispering benches: have you ever whispered and […][read more]


 posted on 04.28.2024 how much should you tip your chauffeur (limo, sedan, executive car) [read more]


 posted on 04.21.2024 10 things you can’t (or probably shouldn’t) do in a limousine [read more]

 are you ready for your ride? we pride ourselves on providing the safest and most modern ride for our clients. our luxury car service is reserved by those who know they can always rely upon us, regardless of where or when their event will take place! customer login




  267.715.2115  reservations@sedanservice.com  67 buck road, suite 107 huntingdon valley, pennsylvania 19006
links
 airports service area reviews blog quick quote about us terms & conditions privacy policy faq web app
services
 airport transportation birthday limo service city tour concert transportation corporate events transportation corporate transportation group transportation holiday transportation hourly transportation leisure transportation meeting planners night on town transportation prom limo services special events limo service sporting events transportation travel agents travel managers vacation transportation wedding transportation wine tours
 copyright © 2025 philadelphia limo services. all rights reserved.
   














