


massachusetts coalition for the prevention of medical errors














home
initiatives
patient safety resources
education
consumers


board of directors
contact us
links
donations




member organizations





aarp massachusetts


baystate medical center 

beth israel deaconess hospital needham


beth israel deaconess medical center


betsy lehman center


beverly hospital


blue cross blue shield of  massachusetts


boston children's hospital


boston medical center


brigham & women's hospital


cambridge health alliance


center for health information and analysis


centers for medicare and medicaid services


coverys


dana-farber cancer institute


division of professional licensure


emerson hospital


fairview hospital


harvard pilgrim health care/point32health


harvard th chan school of public health


health care for all


healthcentric advisors


health policy commission


 institute for healthcare improvement


lahey hospital & medical center


lawrence general hospital


mass. association of behavioral health systems


mass. board of registration in medicine


mass. board of registration in nursing


mass. board of registration in pharmacy


mass. department of mental health


mass. department of public health


mass. executive office of elder affairs


mass general brigham


mass. general hospital


mass. health & hospital association

mass home care 

mass. independent pharmacists


mass. medical society


mass. pharmacists association


mass. society of health-system pharmacists


masshealth


melrosewakefield healthcare


metrowest medical center


milford regional medical center


mount auburn hospital


ne association for healthcare quality


newton wellesley hospital


organization of nurse leaders
                                
                                ma, ri, nh, ct, vt


professional liability foundation


the risk management foundation of the harvard medical institutions (crico)


sturdy memorial hospital


tufts medical center


umass memorial medical center





 the massachusetts coalition
the massachusetts coalition for the prevention of medical errors is a public-private partnership whose mission is to improve patient safety and eliminate medical errors in massachusetts.
the coalition's membership includes consumer organizations, state agencies, hospitals, professional associations for physicians, nurses, pharmacists, long-term care, as well as health plans, employers, policymakers, and researchers. the coalition leverages the efforts of all of these organizations to accomplish the shared goal of improving patient safety. the coalition promotes a systems-oriented approach to improving patient safety, identifying the causes of medical errors, and developing and supporting implementation of strategies for prevention.
patient safety forums
read the materials from past annual forums



coalition initiatives
listed below are links to the coalition's initiatives in the prevention of medical errors:

healthcare associated infections
 improving care transitions 
patient and family advisory councils
 patient safety in office practices
resident and family councils in long term care
massachusetts alliance for communication and resolution following medical injury (macrmi)
reducing medication errors 
          
anticoagulation medication safety
medication list
reconciling medications
inpatient processes
reducing medication errors in long term care facilities - best practices
 consumer medication safety 


communicating critical test results
treatment and prophylaxis of dvt and vte
defining accountability in patient safety
reducing restraint & seclusion use
reporting requirements
educational programs

selected coalition accomplishments
successful improvement collaboratives:

an infection prevention collaborative with 100% participation of hospitals in the state.
a collaborative to prevent c. difficile infections which reduced these life-threatening infections 25% among the 27 participating hospitals. the centers for disease control and prevention highlighted this success
a collaborative for more than 30 long-term care facilities which reduced over-diagnosis of urinary tract infections by 33%, thus also reducing inappropriate antibiotic use that promotes development of drug-resistant organisms and c. difficile infections.
with several partnering organizations, the promises (proactive reduction of outpatient malpractice: improving safety, efficiency, and satisfaction) project reduced potential adverse events from medications or abnormal test results by nearly 70% in 16 primary care practices, and reduced potential serious events by 60%.

joint commission 2005 national patient safety goals include coalition initiatives:

the national patient safety goals established by the joint commission for 2005 for hospitals nationally included new standards for the two topics which were already the focus of statewide patient safety initiatives sponsored by the coalition and massachusetts hospital association - reconciling medications and communicating critical test results. the safe practices and toolkits for these topics may be found on the  initiatives page.
 






home
|
initiatives
|
patient safety store
|
education
|
board of directors
|
contact us
|
links



						  email questions or comments about this website to 






click 
						here to download the adobe acrobat reader®.








