home | lamar bank & trust



homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files.   got it, thanks!  fdic logofdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentlamar bank & trust  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

deposits


checking

order checks

savings & money markets

cds, iras, hsas



loans


real estate

consumer

commercial

agriculture



online


online banking

mobile banking

bill pay

business online banking

get started with lbt



resources


locations & atms

about us

career opportunities

100th anniversary

lbt in the news

travel club

calculators

forms



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamepasswordforgot passwordenroll 

banking from your phone?


download our app for ios

download our app for android



  close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchlamar bank & trust    
exciting changes to bill pay
quicker & more direct payment options with more auto payees available! to ensure a smooth transition, be sure to gather your payee information before march 7th, as it won’t transfer to the new platform. 
 
 
    enjoy the convenience of banking from anywhere. sign in today and experience the convenience!     

 
a century of trust, 
a future of growth
from savings accounts to iras, we've been helping customers
build their futures for 100 years. our commitment to your
future is stronger than ever. let's grow together. 


 play main slider/pause main slider lamar bank & trust company
a better way to bank!

we are your locally owned and operated full-service financial institution located in lamar, missouri.   
debit cards
shop securely and enjoy contactless payments with our debit card. 


explore debit cards   
locations & atms
see where we are located and where you can access our atms.


find a location   
order checks
ensure you always have checks on hand - reorder quickly and easily online today. 

reorder checks   
calculator
explore our suite of financial calculators to help you budget and plan. 

explore calculators   
online services
get transaction alerts, check balances, pay bills, send money and more. 


explore online services   
contact us 
have questions?
our team is ready to help!


contact us today     community involvement
established in 1925, lamar bank and trust company has been a dedicated banking partner in this community for 99 years. 
this is a wonderful community and we're  proud to call it home. you will find our bank and our people helping others wherever you look. from supporting local schools to helping local events, we're part of the fabric that weaves this community and it's people together.  

community involvement     ag loans
nobody knows local agriculture like lbt. 


our agricultural lending experts have an abundance of knowledge in the farming industry. 


explore ag loans    checking
the perfect account for everyday transactions.
looking for a checking account that fits your lifestyle? our opinions have you covered. 

explore checking accounts     business services
unlock the full potential of your business. 

discover banking services designed to support your business goals. 

explore business services  play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  locally owned and operated
it's more than banking.

when you choose to bank at a local community bank, you choose to support your local community!  consumer loans  going places? make it a smooth ride with an auto loan from lamar bank and trust company. get started today by contacting one of our lenders!
  school pride debit cards  reward your school, they deserve it! with every purchase you sign for we give back to your school. stop by to get your school pride debit card today!  certificate of deposit  are you looking for a stable way to grow your savings? our certificate of deposit rates can help you earn more on your terms. give us a call today to get our current cd rates! back to the toplamar bank & trust phone # 417-682-3348

instagram

facebook



about


community involvement

about us



resources


locations/atms

contact us

security center



legal


privacy notice

privacy policy

security policy

accessibility





privacy policy

sitemap

©  lamar bank & trustmember fdicequal housing lender 

 
