

moody's investors service


moody's rating definitions
long-term
ratings

debt
   ratings - taxable debt & deposits globally
debt
   ratings - u.s. tax exempt municipal
preferred
   stock ratings

short-term
ratings

prime
   rating system - taxable debt & deposits
   globally
mig/vmig
   ratings - u.s. tax exempt municipals


long-term ratings
debt ratings - taxable debt &
deposits globally
aaa  
 bonds rated aaa are
judged to be of the best quality. they carry the smallest degree of
investment risk and are generally referred to as "gilt edged."
interest payments are protected by a large or by an exceptionally
stable margin and principal is secure. while the various protective elements are likely to change, such changes as can be visualized are
most unlikely to impair the fundamentally strong position of such
issues.
aa  
 bonds rated aa are
judged to be of high quality by all standards. together with the aaa
group they comprise what are generally known as high-grade bonds.
they are rated lower than the best bonds because margins of
protection may not be as large as in aaa securities or fluctuation of
protective elements may be of greater amplitude or there may be other
elements present which make the long-term risk appear somewhat larger
than the aaa securities.
a  
 bonds rated a possess
many favorable investment attributes and are to be considered as
upper-medium-grade obligations. factors giving security to principal
and interest are considered adequate, but elements may be present
which suggest a susceptibility to impairment some time in the
future.
baa  
 bonds rated baa are
considered as medium-grade obligations (i.e., they are neither highly
protected nor poorly secured). interest payments and principal
security appear adequate for the present, but certain protective
elements may be lacking or may be characteristically unreliable over
any great length of time. such bonds lack outstanding investment
characteristics and in fact have speculative characteristics as
well.
ba bonds rated ba are
judged to have speculative elements; their future cannot be
considered as well-assured. often the protection of interest and
principal payments may be very moderate, and thereby not well
safeguarded during both good and bad times over the future.
uncertainty of position characterizes bonds in this class.

b  
 bonds rated b generally
lack characteristics of the desirable investment. assurance of interest and principal payments or of maintenance of other terms of
the contract over any long period of time may be small.
caa  
 bonds rated caa are of
poor standing. such issues may be in default or there may be present
elements of danger with respect to principal or interest. 
  ca  
 bonds rated ca represent obligations which are speculative in a
high degree. such issues are often in default or have other marked shortcomings.
c  
 bonds rated c are the
lowest rated class of bonds, and issues so rated can be regarded as
having extremely poor prospects of ever attaining any real investment
standing.
moody's bond ratings,
where specified, are applied to senior bank obligations and insurance
company senior policyholder and claims obligations with an original
maturity in excess of one year. obligations relying upon support
mechanisms such as letters-of-credit and bonds of indemnity are
excluded unless explicitly rated. obligations of a branch of a bank
are considered to be domiciled in the country in which the branch is
located.
unless noted as an
exception, moody's rating on a bank's ability to repay senior
obligations extends only to branches located in countries which carry
a moody's sovereign rating for bank deposits. such branch obligations
are rated at the lower of the bank's rating or moody's sovereign
rating for the bank deposits for the country in which the branch is
located. when the currency in which an obligation is denominated is
not the same as the currency of the country in which the obligation
is domiciled, moody's ratings do not incorporate an opinion as to
whether payment of the obligation will be affected by the actions of
the government controlling the currency of denomination. in addition,
risk associated with bilateral conflicts between an investor's home
country and either the issuer's home country or the country where an
issuer branch is located are not incorporated into moody's
ratings.
moody's makes no
representation that rated bank obligations or insurance company
obligations are exempt from registration under the u.s. securities
act of 1933 or issued in conformity with any other applicable law or
regulation. nor does moody's represent that any specific bank or insurance
company obligation  is legally enforceable or a valid senior
obligation of a rated issuer.
note: moody's applies numerical
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 in each generic rating classification from aa
through caa. the modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in
the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2
indicates a mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking
in the lower end of that generic rating category.
debt ratings - u.s. tax-exempt
municipals
there are nine basic
rating categories for long-term obligations. they range from aaa
(highest quality) to c (lowest quality). moody's applies numerical
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 in each generic rating classification from aa
to caa. the modifier 1 indicates that the issue ranks in the higher
end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a
mid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates that the issue ranks
in the lower end of its generic category. advance refunded issues
that are secured by escrowed funds held in cash, held in trust,
reinvested in direct non-callable united states government
obligations or non-callable obligations unconditionally guaranteed by
the u.s. government are identified with a # (hatchmark) symbol, eg. #
aaa.
aaa  
 bonds rated aaa are
judged to be of the best quality. they carry the smallest degree of
investment risk and are generally referred to as "gilt edge."
interest payments are protected by a large or by an exceptionally
stable margin and principal is secure. while the various protective
elements are likely to change, such changes as can be visualized are
most unlikely to impair the fundamentally strong position of such
issues.
aa  
 bonds rated aa are judged
to be of high quality by all standards. together with the aaa group
they comprise what are generally known as high grade bonds. they are
rated lower than the best bonds because margins of protection may not
be as large as in aaa securities or fluctuation of protective
elements may be of greater amplitude or there may be other elements
present that make the long-term risks appear somewhat larger than in
aaa securities.
a  
 bonds rated a possess
many favorable investment attributes and are to be considered as
upper medium grade obligations. factors giving security to principal
and interest are considered adequate, but elements may be present
that suggest a susceptibility to impairment some time in the
future.
baa  
 bonds rated baa are
considered as medium grade obligations, i.e., they are neither highly
protected nor poorly secured. interest payments and principal
security appear adequate for the present but certain protective
elements may be lacking or may be characteristically unreliable over
any great length of time. such bonds lack outstanding investment
characteristics and in fact have speculative characteristics as
well.
ba  
 bonds rated ba are judged
to have speculative elements; their future cannot be considered as
well assured. often the protection of interest and principal payments
may be very moderate, and thereby not well safeguarded during both
good and bad times over the future. uncertainty of position
characterizes bonds in this class.
b  
 bonds rated b generally
lack characteristics of the desirable investment. assurance of
interest and principal payments or maintenance of other terms of the
contract over any long period of time may be small.
caa  
 bonds rated caa are of
poor standing. such issues may be in default or there may be present
elements of danger with respect to principal or interest.
ca  
 bonds rated ca represent
obligations that are speculative in a high degree. such issues are
often in default or have other marked shortcomings.
c  
 bonds rated c are the
lowest rated class of bonds, and issues so rated can be regarded as
having extremely poor prospects of ever attaining any real investment
standing.
con.
(...)  
 bonds for
which the security depends upon the completion of some act or the
fulfillment of some condition are rated conditionally. these are
bonds secured by: (a) earnings of projects under construction, (b)
earnings of projects unseasoned in operating experience, (c) rentals
that begin when facilities are completed, or (d) payments to which
some other limiting condition attaches. parenthetical rating denotes
probable credit stature upon completion of construction or
elimination of basis of condition.
moody's preferred stock
ratings
because of the fundamental
differences between preferred stocks and bonds, a variation of our
familiar bond rating symbols is used in the quality ranking of
preferred stock. the symbols, presented below, are designed to avoid
comparison with bond quality in absolute terms. it should always be
borne in mind that preferred stock occupies a junior position to
bonds within a particular capital structure and that these securities
are rated within the universe of preferred stocks.
"aaa"  
an issue rated "aaa" is
considered to be a top-quality preferred stock. this rating indicates
good asset protection and the least risk of dividend impairment
within the universe of preferred stocks.
"aa"  
an issue rated "aa" is
considered a high-grade preferred stock. this rating indicates that
there is a reasonable assurance the earnings and asset protection
will remain relatively well maintained in the foreseeable
future.
"a"  
an issue rated "a" is
considered to be an upper-medium grade preferred stock. while risks
are judged to be somewhat greater than in the "aaa" and "aa"
classification, earnings and asset protection are, nevertheless,
expected to be maintained at adequate levels.
"baa"  
 an issue rated "baa" is
considered to be a medium-grade preferred stock, neither highly
protected nor poorly secured. earnings and asset protection appear
adequate at present but may be questionable over any great length of
time.
"ba"  
 an issue rated "ba" is
considered to have speculative elements and its future cannot be
considered well assured. earnings and asset protection may be very
moderate and not well safeguarded during adverse periods. uncertainty
of position characterizes preferred stocks in this class.
"b"  
 an issue rated "b"
generally lacks the characteristics of a desirable investment.
assurance of dividend payments and maintenance of other terms of the
issue over any long period of time may be small.
"caa"  
 an issue rated "caa" is
likely to be in arrears on dividend payments. this rating designation
does not purport to indicate the future status of payments.

"ca"  
 an issue rated "ca" is
speculative in a high degree and is likely to be in arrears on
dividends with little likelihood of eventual payments.
"c"  
 this is the lowest rated class of
preferred or preference stock. issues so rated can thus be regarded
as having extremely poor prospects of ever attaining any real
investment standing.
note: moody's applies numerical
modifiers 1, 2, and 3 in each rating classification: the modifier 1
indicates that the security ranks in the higher end of its generic
rating category; the modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking and the
modifier 3 indicates that the issue ranks in the lower end of its
generic rating category.
short-term ratings
moody's short-term prime rating
system - taxable debt & deposits globally
moody's short-term debt
ratings are opinions of the ability of issuers to repay punctually
senior debt obligations. these obligations have an original maturity
not exceeding one year, unless explicitly noted.
moody's employs the
following three designations, all judged to be investment grade, to
indicate the relative repayment ability of rated issuers:
prime-1 issuers rated prime-1 (or
supporting institutions) have a superior ability for repayment of
senior short-term debt obligations. prime-1 repayment ability will
often be evidenced by many of the following characteristics:


leading market
   positions in well-established industries.
high rates of return
   on funds employed.
conservative
   capitalization structure with moderate reliance on debt and ample
   asset protection.
broad margins in
   earnings coverage of fixed financial charges and high internal
   cash generation.
well-established
   access to a range of financial markets and assured sources of
   alternate liquidity.

prime-2 issuers rated prime-2 (or
supporting institutions) have a strong ability for repayment of
senior short-term debt obligations. this will normally be evidenced
by many of the characteristics cited above but to a lesser degree.
earnings trends and coverage ratios, while sound, may be more subject
to variation. capitalization characteristics, while still
appropriate, may be more affected by external conditions. ample
alternate liquidity is maintained.
prime-3 issuers rated prime-3 (or
supporting institutions) have an acceptable ability for repayment of
senior short-term obligations. the effect of industry characteristics
and market compositions may be more pronounced. variability in
earnings and profitability may result in changes in the level of debt
protection measurements and may require relatively high financial
leverage. adequate alternate liquidity is maintained.
not
prime issuers
rated not prime do not fall within any of the prime rating
categories.
obligations of a branch of
a bank are considered to be domiciled in the country in which the
branch is located. unless noted as an exception, moody's rating on a
bank's ability to repay senior obligations extends only to branches
located in countries which carry a moody's sovereign rating for bank
deposits. such branch obligations are rated at the lower of the
bank's rating or moody's sovereign rating for bank deposits for the
country in which the branch is located.
when the currency in which
an obligation is denominated is not the same as the currency of the
country in which the obligation is domiciled, moody's ratings do not
incorporate an opinion as to whether payment of the obligation will
be affected by actions of the government controlling the currency of
denomination. in addition, risks associated with bilateral conflicts
between an investor's home country and either the issuer's home
country or the country where an issuer's branch is located are not
incorporated into moody's short-term debt ratings.
moody's makes no
representation that rated bank or insurance company obligations are
exempt from the registration under the u.s. securities act of 1933 or
issued in conformity with any other applicable law or regulation. nor
does moody's represent that any specific bank or insurance company
obligation is legally enforceable or a valid senior obligation of a
rated issuer.
if an issuer represents to
moody's that its short-term debt obligations are supported by the
credit of another entity or entities, then the name or names of such
supporting entity or entities are listed within the parenthesis
beneath the name of the issuer, or there is a footnote referring the
reader to another page for the name or names of the supporting entity
or entities. in assigning ratings to such issuers, moody's evaluates
the financial strength of the affiliated corporations, commercial
banks, insurance companies, foreign governments or other entities,
but only as one factor in the total rating assessment. moody's makes
no representation and gives no opinion on the legal validity or
enforceability of any support arrangement.
moody's ratings are
opinions, not recommendations to buy or sell, and their accuracy is
not guaranteed. a rating should be weighed solely as one factor in an
investment decision and you should make your own study and evaluation
of any issuer whose securities or debt obligations you consider
buying or selling.
moody's short-term mig/vmig ratings - us
tax-exempt municipals
there are four rating
categories for short-term obligations that define an investment grade
situation. these are designated moody's investment grade as mig 1
(best quality) through mig 4 (adequate quality). short-term
obligations of speculative quality are designated sg.
in the case of variable
rate demand obligations (vrdos), a two-component rating is assigned.
the first element represents an evaluation of the degree of risk
associated with scheduled principal and interest payments, and the
other represents an evaluation of the degree of risk associated with
the demand feature. the short-term rating assigned to the demand
feature of vrdos is designated as vmig. when either the long- or
short-term aspect of a vrdo is not rated, that piece is designated
nr, e.g., aaa/nr or nr/vmig 1.
issues that are subject to
a periodic reoffer and resale in the secondary market in a "dutch
auction" are assigned a long-term rating based only on moody's
assessment of the ability and willingness of the issuer to make
timely principal and interest payments. moody's expresses no opinion
as to the ability of the holder to sell the security in a secondary
market "dutch auction." such issues are identified by the insertion
of the words "dutch auction" into the name of the issue.
issues or the features
associated with mig or vmig ratings are identified by date of issue,
date of maturity or maturities or rating expiration date and
description to distinguish each rating from other ratings. each
rating designation is unique with no implication as to any other
similar issue of the same obligor. mig ratings terminate at the
retirement of the obligation while vmig rating expiration will be a
function of each issue's specific structural or credit
features.
mig 1/vmig
1 this designation
denotes best quality. there is present strong protection by
established cash flows, superior liquidity support or demonstrated
broad-based access to the market for refinancing.
mig 2/vmig
2 this designation
denotes high quality. margins of protection are ample although not so
large as in the preceding group.
mig 3/vmig
3 this designation
denotes favorable quality. all security elements are accounted for
but there is lacking the undeniable strength of the preceding grades.
liquidity and cash flow protection may be narrow and market access
for refinancing is likely to be less well established.
mig 4/vmig
4 this designation
denotes adequate quality. protection commonly regarded as required of
an investment security is present and although not distinctly or
predominantly speculative, there is specific risk.
sg this designation denotes
speculative quality. debt instruments in this category lack margins
of protection.
moody's investors service © copyright, 99 church street, new york, ny 10007


