  brenter snowbike® & skibike®                  


      


toggle navigation



shopsnowbikesskis & footskis™fashionspares & accessoriesrefurbed snowbikescartcheckoutmy accountterms and conditionscancellation policyprivacy policylearnhow to riderent & ridelocationscertificatephotos & videosphotosvideoscontact email   |   ☏ callfree delivery for orders over 400€ shipped to selected european countriesgerman   |   account

 

€ 0,00

0
 cart

shopsnowbikesskis & footskis™fashionspares & accessoriesrefurbed snowbikescartcheckoutmy accountterms and conditionscancellation policyprivacy policylearnhow to riderent & ridelocationscertificatephotos & videosphotosvideoscontact
shopsnowbikesskis & footskis™fashionspares & accessoriesrefurbed snowbikescartcheckoutmy accountterms and conditionscancellation policyprivacy policylearnhow to riderent & ridelocationscertificatephotos & videosphotosvideoscontact


search


own your bikefind the perfect snowbike or skibike for your next adventureshop nowdiscover the thrillget moving in less than 15 minutes. riding a snowbike is easy to learn and pure fun!learn to ridethe originalinvented by engelbert brenter in 1949explore the history

shop our best sellers 
c6€ 2199,00 original price was: € 2199,00.€ 1999,00current price is: € 1999,00.incl. vat plus shipping costs
add to cart
footski™ fse€ 459,00incl. vat plus shipping costs
add to cart

products
super light weight 5kg+

shop now					shop now
“… the most brilliant machines to travel on snow” by red bull magazin

rent & ride
120 stations world wide

find rental locations					


easy to learn
15 minutes to get started

learn to ride					
“snowbike® the #1 winter trend sports. if you can ride a bike you can experience a new dimension on winter sports – snowbike® “by daily telegraphhow to ridehow to:check the size



 

how to:sit on a snowbike



 

how to:controll the speed



 

how to:ride a turn



 

how to:side glide



 

how to:ascent



 

how to transporthow to:load on a chair lift



 

how to:unload from a chair lift



 

simply the best„i have been using brenter snowbike since 1996 in my skischool. it is the most reliable product
on the market for professionals and beginners as well“hermann koch ski school director and 7 x guinness world record holder

worldrecords
8 guinness worldrecords

be amazed					


the original
invented by engelbert brenter 1949

experience the evolution					
since 1949„why ride something else if you can have the original“erich brenter worldrecord holder and masterminder behind the modern snowbikefaqs




how to brake?the front ski controls your direction, the skid of your rear ski controls your speed. snowbike is very intuitive to learn




how to transport?the light weight bike (approx 7 kg) is easy to handle. it can be transported on all lifts and can be folded in 30 sec. to fit in every car trunk or the gondola.




 where to buy?you can buy the original brenter snowbikes, skibikes, accessories, skis , footskis and spares at our 100+ partner stations worldwide or directly at our online shop.




where to rent?you can rent the original brenter snowbike in 100+ certified rent & ride locations world wide.




where to ride?you are welcome to ride the original brenter snowbike at:100+ certified rent & ride locations world wideall ski areas in austriamany ski areas around the worldnote: use of snowbikes & skibikes may be restricted, please check local regulations before your trip!  snowbike magazin

 aboutbrenter gmbh
arnsdorferstr. 19-23
a-5110 oberndorf
austriaoffice@snowbike.com
+43 6272 7777snowbike® and skibike®
are registered trademarks of brenter austria.follow us

facebook



youtube



instagram

helpful linksrent & ridelearn to ridecertificatephotosvideosdownloadsabout us – since 1949legal linksterms and conditionscancellation policyimprintprivacy policychange privacy settingsprivacy settings historyrevoke consentssecure payment✓ ssl-encryption✓ protection of personal data✓ server hosted in europecopyright © 2025 brenter snowbike®  
english				 
german					          
englishcookie consent with real cookie banner                      




