



pre-engineering software corp. - (225) 769 3728









software that combines
science, technology, engineering & mathematics
stem since 1989



pre-engineering software corporation


baton rouge, louisiana
 (225) 769-3728    




pre-engineering software corporation develops and publishes
teaching tools that introduce students
to the adventure of solving true-life engineering problems while
reinforcing their math and science skills.



modeling and simulation software




modelsmart3d™ 
3d design and testing of balsa & basswood bridges & towers
modelsmart™  
2d design and testing of balsa & basswood bridges & towers
upgrade
modelsmart (for windows 95,98,nt,2000,xp)

free 
modelsmart for windows print utility
 
bridge builder®
upgrade to the latest version
of bridge builder
 

brochures
 warnings & limitations

teacher resources 

calculating angles associated with skewed columns
using a unit vector to find coordinates along a skewed column
engineering timeline
the pesc reading list
a comparison of two bridges
a bridge building project
newton's laws
example bridge trusses
more bridge trusses
bridge photographs
tower photographs
engineering terms
scalars and vectors
providing lateral support
truss analysis by "the method of sections"
a question to ponder
using a test load to calculate a probable failure load
a construction crane
scotland's firth of forth
boomilever statics
prefab timber roof trusses - tension connections  
  




compliments:


your 
	software is simply incredible, very nice work.  a basic design is very 
	easy to modify and we can try new designs every few minutes.


i should tell my colleagues about the software but i like having this
    advantage. sorry.

thank you very much. my students thank you too. this is
    one of their favorite activities...  i love it.
as always the customer service at pre-engineering is
    hard to beat!
  	congratulations - the material presented is excellent and has provided me with a whole host of new ideas to present to my students. please keep me informed of any new teaching products.

    last fall i purchased a copy of your modelsmart software. using the software they were able to significantly reduce the number of test
    models they built before arriving at their final design...   out of a field of 23 teams, my son and his partner won the gold medal for bridge. 
    thanks for such a great product.

    our time has come. my son, daughter, and model smart took first place for the
    state.... we will be heading for the national competition. persistence and the right tools
    will create results. thanks!! 


	thank you very much for all of your help. the information regarding 
	the tx and rx restraints is priceless. thank you for taking the time 
	to make the model and then to lead me through it. there are not that 
	many companies in the world that offer that type of customer 
	service. thank you again!!!!
	

    i have had great success with the program and recommend it to others.  i will
    continue using it in the future.




microsoft and windows are registered trademarks 
	of microsoft corporation.


bridge builder & countydam are registered trademarks of 
	pre-engineering software corporation.


modelsmart is a trademark of pre-engineering software 
	corporation.


the bridge builder, modelsmart and modelsmart3d screens 
	are trademarks of pre-engineering software corporation.


all documents (including programs, photographs and 
	graphics) at this site are :


copyright 1987-2023, pre-engineering software 
	corporation. all rights reserved.





