



welcome! - jeffrey bennett


































































 



 




 



home
about

curriculum vita
personal statement
donation program


books
events

elementary school visits
middle/high school visits
teacher presentations/workshops
college math colloquia
college science colloquia
corporate audiences
public lectures


model solar systems

colorado scale model solar system
voyage scale model solar system


resources
blog
contact


 






 














				welcome!			


welcome to my site! i am an astronomer by training and a teacher by trade, but currently spend most of my time as a writer. i hope you’ll find this site useful and entertaining. more biographical info…
hot links

dr. bennett receives the 2023 klopsteg education award
dr. bennett’s free curriculum for middle school earth/space science
q&a for the 2023 and 2024 usa solar eclipses
win a free visit by dr. bennett to your school/community!
jeff’s global warming primer and tour
the free totality app
jeff’s children’s books read from the international space station!
the max goes to the moon movie/planetarium show
download: “how to succeed in college classes”


children’s books


totality


max science adventures


the wizard who saved the world


i, humanity



in support of equal justice, black lives matter, and education for all
big kid science devotes 100% of revenue (yes, revenue, not just profits) to a combination of nonprofit donations and free public outreach.*
*recipient organizations include the national urban league and story time from space, and our outreach projects include the free totality app, our free digital curriculum for middle/high school earth and space science, and free visits to schools and communities by author jeffrey bennett.


info on jeff’s elementary school author visits.
info on jeff’s “max goes to schools” donation program: more than 30,000 books donated to date.

books for the general public


global warming primer


on teaching science


what is relativity?



beyond ufos


math for life


on the cosmic horizon
(out of print)




textbooks


the cosmic perspective


the essential cosmic perspective


the cosmic perspective fundamentals



life in the universe


statistical reasoning
for everyday life


using and understanding mathematics












 













							jeffrey bennett | website by: saffron design | all rights reserved | © 2025						








 

















