









we’re blend interactive: web strategy, design, & development 





























skip to main content



home





















                search
            



about


services


work


thoughts


careers


start your project



                            search
                        




team


news


blend labs








                        menu
                        






team
news
blend labs













have you been wanting to join the blend team? well, good news: we're hiring. check out the open positions!









we are blend interactive


                        we make complex websites
                        
better.
accessible.
clear.
effective.
consistent.
flexible.
manageable.

better, accessible, clear, effective, consistent, flexible, manageable



start your web project




pause







why choose blend?

so, what makes us so unique? the real question is: how can we help guide you through your complex web and content problems?










we embrace challenge
it doesn’t matter how complex your design or implementation project is. you’ll leave with a sense of order and understanding. 








we’re on your team
there’s no need to worry about communication problems: we work best when we’re part of a cohesive team — either alongside a marketing partner or serving as integration lead, internal or distributed.










we’re advocates from start to finish
above everything, we advocate for you and your audiences. we help make decisions that lead to sustainable, maintainable, and user-focused web projects.
















featured work.

our goal — with every project — is to make your goals easier to achieve.
view all of our featured work.












a design system for increased clarity

a company like icertis, which provides a contract lifecycle management solution used by some of the world's largest enterprises, needs to appeal to a wide range of potential customers. blend built a design system to allow for better clarity and easier communication.


 






a new and flexible umbraco site to promote healthy living

the south dakota department of health partnered with blend and umbraco to create a future-focused, relevant, and flexible website to promote healthy living across the state.


 






moving a bank from design to umbraco implementation

western state bank had a design that needed to be implemented within umbraco. thankfully, that’s exactly what blend was able to help them do.


 







learn more about umbraco









look again at umbraco
umbraco — the capable, usable, and friendly platform — is ready for you to take another look. as a long-time umbraco team, we're ready to challenge your assumptions and help you understand the ins and outs of umbraco.


look again at the friendly cms, umbraco





umbraco and blend
the friendly, open-source cms that supports your workflows, empowers your editors, and takes your website's performance to new heights.


read more about our partnership with umbraco












news and thoughts from blend interactive.

one of blend’s core values is a dedication to advocacy and progress — to expand upon and give back to the community that fuels us.
read all of our thoughts.









reflecting on blend’s “nine-ender” year


karla santi 
blend is at a pivotal moment, celebrating 19 years in business and a year of bold decisions and growth. this year, we broke through a decade-long plateau, hit record-breaking milestones, and embraced the changes needed to support our team and community. milestones like this remind us to reflect, reset, and reimagine what’s next. 

december 30, 2024







cmp — the missing puzzle piece


annie jurgens 
an introduction to optimizely's content marketing platform — a tool designed to bring ease to you and your marketing team.

july 24, 2024







input sanitizing and common pitfalls of user input


joe kepley 
with the rise of malicious bots on the internet, websites are becoming more vulnerable to data breaches. implementing sanitizing techniques can protect your website and your users.

july 9, 2024







blend is named a best workplace for two consecutive years



blend interactive is excited and proud to announce its second consecutive inclusion in inc. magazine’s annual "best workplaces" issue.

june 18, 2024


view more articles.

















search



search

























we solve complex content and design problems
we’d love to help you with your project, whether it’s site strategy, sharp design, or a complex site implementation.


start your project today.






stay up to date with web trends
from thoughts on important web trends, to updates on our team and community, it is always worth a read.


sign up for our newsletter.












email.
hello@blendinteractive.com


phone.
(605) 334-7077


office.
231 s. phillips ave, suite 200sioux falls, sd 57104


established 2005.
hello from beautiful downtown sioux falls, south dakota, usa.














 


 


terms of service


privacy policy




choose a theme:




























