



trico supplier network

















supplier network







february 19, 2025
















main menu | 
               

			
            
            my workspace 
            
            

			
            
            | tsn support




new 
              to tsn? click 
              here for a flash snapshot.

















tsn access request form
(for current suppliers and associates)

supplying trico


terms & conditions



trico supplier manual




 
 





trico-group's global procurement organization is dedicated and committed 
              to it's supplier partnerships worldwide. trico-group is a worldwide 
              leader in the development and manufacture of integrated wiper systems 
              and electronics. trico supplies quality products to over 67 countries 
              every day.





trico 
            locations 


brownsville, tx plt. 4 (usa)



matamoros plt. 5 (mexico)



juarez plt. 7 (mexico)



aubange (belgium)



druento (italy)



ploiesti (romania)



iracemapolis (brazil)



sao paulo (brazil)



suzhou (china)



qingdao (china)



rochester hills, mi (usa)



matamoros plt.150 (mexico)












iatf 16949-2016 is the standard adopted by trico. suppliers are expected 
        to establish and maintain the standards of the quality system requirements 
        in their fundamental quality systems. it is the responsibility of the 
        supplier to ensure that they are conforming to the latest revision of 
        the quality system requirements.
customer satisfaction and customer requirement fulfillment 
        is trico's first priority. we are striving for zero defects in purchased 
        goods and services. we expect zero ppm, 100% on time delivery of product, 
        and 100% correct submission of samples ftt and on time. 
 to meet trico competitive cost requirements supplier 
      must provide: 
  
 annual price reductions on production products

cost reduction suggestions on a regular basis

 r&d contribution through early involvement

  
the trico supplier network (tsn) encompasses several business processes including rfq's, srea's, corrective actions,
	    and performance ratings.  tsn is best viewed using microsoft internet explorer. 
if you are a current supplier to trico-group, please click 
      on the 
      
      
      
      access request form
      
      section for access to the tsn system. 

if you are interested in becoming a trico-group supplier, 
      please click on the 
      
      

      supplying trico
      
      section. 




this site does not contain any general or public information. for more 
        on trico, see http://www.tricoproducts.com. 
      please take a moment to read our disclaimer 
        notice and privacy 
        statement. 





©2002 
      trico products. all rights reserved.




