


real estate sales - sunset beach sales































                  



		sunset beach, north carolina's coastal leader

		  in island real estate sales & construction 
		








home 






about 






listings 






construction 






news 






contact 













	 




      





			sunset beach north carolina real estate & construction  
		



			only 2.5 miles in length, the island of sunset beach offers that special small town feeling away from the rest of the world. maybe it’s the gradual incline over the new bridge that gives way to an expansive view of the salt-water marshes flourishing with wildlife, the splendid atlantic ocean, or just the anticipation of one of the most beautiful beaches on the east coast that makes coming to sunset beach island feel like coming home. it’s hard to put a finger on it, but our captivating coast provides tranquility like no other. 
		
		 
	


			we are very proud of our area and extend an invitation to you to learn more about this quaint & charming place or maybe even visit us with luxurious island accommodations at the sunset inn. i designed this website to provide you with the most up-to-date information about sunset beach island property for sale.


sunset beach in the news  
			


					* sunset beach, nc ranked in the   
					
						“21 best beaches of the world”  
					 in jan, 2017 by national geographic
					* usa today featured an article   
					
						“a sweet secret on north carolina’s sunset beach”  
					 about the island & kindred spirit mailbox
					* coastal living ranked sunset beach, nc one of the “10 most romantic beaches in america” in 2017
					* cbs evening news featured   
					
						“kindred spirit mailbox collects secrets from around the nation” 
					








			selling sunny sunset beach island for over 30 years! 
		   




						dave nelson 
					



						   910.443.0868 
					













 


  







					real estate news 
				




						contact dave
				


				7/16/2021 9:20:00 pm
		







				trying to buy a beach house at sunset beach, nc?  
			



i can help you. if you have been trying to buy a 
		

			beach house 
		

			on the 
		

			island of sunset beach, nc 
		

			and keep missing the "deals", i can help. it's frustrating and i get it. the minute you see an island property for sale on a heavily advertised website, you get excited. you think, "this is the one"...
read more »



					 
				








              









				featured properties
			









			contact dave nelson 
		







						century 21 sunset realty 
					

						502 sunset blvd. n
						sunset beach, nc 28468 
					







							910.443.0868 
						

email dave nelson 





join mailing list 

			  
		














sunset beach sales & dave nelson construction



tweets by davenelsonsbnc 











home 


	  |
	

sunset beach 


	  |
	

meet dave nelson 


	  |
	

listings 


	  |
	

contact 



 
© copyright 2025.
 ncrmls. all rights reserved. north carolina regional multiple listing service,
	  (ncrmls), provides content displayed here (“provided content”) on an “as is” basis and makes no
	  representations or warranties regarding the provided content, including, but not limited to those of noninfringement,
	  timeliness, accuracy, or completeness. individuals and companies using information
	  presented are responsible for verification and validation of information they utilize and present to their
	  customers and clients. ncrmls will not be liable for any damage or loss resulting from use of the
	  provided content or the products available through portals, idx, vow, and/or syndication. recipients
	  of this information shall not resell, redistribute, reproduce, modify, or otherwise copy any portion thereof
	  without the expressed written consent of ncrmls.




	  web design by bluetone media
	







