




  





home - profile brick and tile













































































 

menu



home
our products

clay bricks & concrete
concrete & clay paving
natural stone products
spanl cladding
smartstone & gardening
vinyl flooring


ecoweep™
project gallery
distribution
technical info
contact
find us on facebook
 









 
slider-8slider-11slider-012slider-2slider-3slider-011 





clay bricks & concrete
paving products
vinyl flooring
natural stone


spanl cladding
smartstone & gardening

welcome to profile brick & tilewe are the leading suppliers of clay bricks and imported natural stone products in east london and the greater eastern cape area. we also supply luxury vinyl flooring and paving products.
profile brick and tile was born from a passion for the clay brick industry and has established itself as a market leader in the supply of bricks, pavers and various natural stone products.
from it’s humble beginnings in 1997, the founders, russel rous, derick conlon and enrico flavio identified a need for a locally based supplier of quality clay faced bricks and stock bricks. the emphasis was on supplying a wide variety of different products with a focus on exceptional customer service, a core value that holds true even today.  

we are proud to have distribution agreements with some of the finest brick factories in the country – and because of this, we have a selection of over 40 different types of bricks.
over the years, profile brick and tile has broadened the product offering to include a comprehensive range of natural stone tiles and wall claddings. these are currently available through a growing network of independent distributors covering various parts of the country.











 it is our mission to make your experience with profile brick and tile a pleasant and rewarding one, and our website has been designed to provide you with an overview of our range of products and services, together with all the technical information you may need in making the right choice for your building project.
we would be delighted to welcome you to our branch where you will be assisted by one of our dynamic staff or managers. feel free to use our contact page to request a sample or receive additional product information and pricing.

span cladding 
clay & concrete bricks 

 

 smartstone & gardening
vinyl flooring
paving products
natural stone products


 

operating hours 
monday – thursday:  07h45 to 16h30
friday:   07h45 to 16h00
saturdays:  09h00 to 12h00
sundays:  closed
public holidays:  closed


 






© 2025 profile brick and tile     |    web design by showme® online media
bricks / 
paving / 
spanl cladding / 
smartstone / 
natural stone / 
vinyl flooring / 
 












cart

no products in the cart.





















