










the yoga place: iyengar yoga in la crosse, wi




























































 











skip to content








444 main street, suite 204 la crosse, wi 54601 | get directions | (608) 784-2622 | account login










































new studentsclasses class schedule class descriptions preparing for class using zoomworkshopspricingvideos





















about

iyengar yoga
our studio
our teachers
testimonials


blog
shop
resources

om and the invocation
recommended reading
yoga sequences
free youtube videos


contact
0 items
menu



close menu





new students
classes

class schedule
class descriptions
preparing for class
using zoom


workshops
pricing
videos
about

iyengar yoga
our studio
our teachers
testimonials


blog
shop
resources

om and the invocation
recommended reading
yoga sequences
free youtube videos


contact
 
 







 













yoga for everyone












new students























find joy in your practice at the yoga place.






let us help you...














developa yoga practice—progressively and safely
 















deepena yoga practice—with expert guidance
 















enjoythe benefits of a regular yoga practice
 




















new to yoga or the yoga place?






yoga is for everyone! at the yoga place, we provide expert yoga instruction for beginners, experienced yogis, and those with an injury or other physical limitation. we aim to create a welcoming and inclusive environment for all.







learn more





















class types












beginning class



classes designed for beginners to learn the foundations of yoga.













ageless class



designed for those whose physical limitations or injuries make it necessary to practice slowly and with focus.













advanced class



a class for serious students of yoga who have had at least one year of steady iyengar style yoga practice (or by permission of the instructor).


















all levels class






includes practitioners of all experience levels.















pranayama class



pranayama classes teach prop set-ups to enhance the movement of the breath, how to observe the breath, and techniques to control it.













restorative class



restorative classes include supported poses and breathing techniques that will rest your body and calm your mind.




































iyengar yoga






iyengar yoga is named after its founder, b.k.s. iyengar. it is a systematic and vigorous practice of the yoga postures, with an emphasis on alignment and therapeutics. iyengar yoga also makes use of props such as belts, blankets, blocks and other wooden objects, bolsters, and chairs to help students achieve postures safely and completely according to their particular body type and needs.







learn more


















yoga shop


















custom, handmade bolsters
$75.00
add to cart 



greeting cards set of 6
$22.50
add to cart 



the yoga place mug
$20.00
add to cart 



your year of yoga
$45.00
add to cart 



 










view all 








































"i find that doing yoga at the yoga place challenges me in so many ways! a total mind and body experience for anyone, at any age, with any limitations. i leave the studio feeling better mentally and physically everytime! can not say enough about the knowledge and skills of the instructions! by far the best studio in town!"
-lisa o.







read more










 


























the yoga place
444 main street, suite 204
la crosse, wi 54601
get directions
(608) 784-2622






























register now




account login


 









stay in touch






sign up for our enewsletter get a free class!










email(required)

captchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  



























this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

















© 2025 the yoga place









 

 









































