





personal trainers small group fitness gym jacksonville florida | massage

















































 

























menu
904-398-6442
map







call us 904-398-6442











home
personal training
online training
trainers
blog
contact us
log in




















move better, feel better, look better!
in everyone’s life, there comes a defining moment when we take stock of our health and lifestyle choices. it’s then that we decide who we want to be and how we want to live. make this your defining moment and choose a healthy, happy future. definition fitness is more than a gym. definition fitness will help you achieve and maintain a state of overall physical and mental well-being.
it only works if you work it
the trouble with most fitness programs is you sign up and start out with great intentions but, before you know it, you lose motivation and find yourself back at square one – only now, you’re stuck with another monthly bill. not at definition fitness.
our personalized services and pay-as-you-go fee structure – unlike most regular gym memberships – means you only pay for services that you use.
here at definition fitness, we focus first on “moving better”…improving your mobility and mechanics, so that we can apply quality movement to your strength and conditioning training. whether your goals are to lose weight, gain strength or become more athletic, our trainers will help you move better, then feel better so you can look stronger and more confident.
click here to discover which training session is best for you.


















special programs

small group training 
 click here to find out about our small group workouts and classes.


















definition fitness • 1950 san marco boulevard suite 5 • jacksonville, florida  32207 • (904) 398-6442 • definition@definitionfitness.com 
	    conveniently located in jacksonville's historic san marco, with clients from jacksonville's southside, ortega, riverside, avondale, downtown, springfield, 
	    westside, northside, jacksonville beach, atlantic beach, and ponte vedra beach 
 
copyright 2025  •  all rights reserved  





top



















