



lee county register of deeds remote access site
































                           welcome to the lee county register of deeds remote access site
                        






                early cutoff for recording
                effective january 1st, 2017 the lee county register of deeds office will
                designate an early cutoff recording time of 4:30 pm daily for all documents.
            

                welcome to the new lee county register of deeds remote access site.
                  the full system portion of the site has been modified with 
                additional features to reflect new indexing standards in north carolina.  
                please click here for detailed instructions on how to use this portion of the site.
                (instructions)


                users will need to acknowledge the legal disclaimer below to begin searching.
            

              this site uses pdf format images and requires adobe acrobat or some other pdf viewer.  
              if needed, a free copy of adobe acrobat reader can be downloaded here:
              



important note regarding the nc property notification site


				new - click here 
				to register your name for our new property notification site.  you will be able to register to be notified by e-mail 
				if a document with the requested name is filed in our office. the site will provide instructions and additional 
				details. this service is free.
			

 

disclaimer

              the records on this site are unofficial records made available for informational purposes only.
              while every effort has been made to ensure the correctness of this information, the register of deeds 
              makes no representation, expressed or implied, as to the authenticity, accuracy, or completeness of 
              any record or information presented.  the records and information contained herein should not be relied 
              upon for title examination purposes.  any person using this website assumes the risk of any omissions 
              or inaccuracies contained herein.  lee county, the register of deeds and any of their respective 
              officers, agents, and employees shall under no circumstances be liable for any actions taken or 
              omissions made as a consequence of any user's reliance upon information contained in or omitted 
              from this website in any manner whatsoever.  use of this site is an acknowledgement of the 
              disclaimer contained herein and an agreement to its terms.
              the official records of the lee county register of deeds are located at the
              lee county register of deeds office.
            




                         
                     






                acknowledge disclaimer to begin searching records
              




                           your browser or your firewall is not set up to allow cookies.  
                           this site requires that cookies be enabled.  please 
                           check your browser settings or contact your system administrator.
                        





                         
                     







                         
                     







                         
                     









pamela g. britt

                  lee county register of deeds
                






                address:


                lee county register of deeds
                lee county  courthouse
                1300 s. horner blvd
                p.o. box 2040
                sanford, nc 27330
                8:00am - 5:00pm mon - fri
                (919)718-4585
                







      retrieval system provided by:
      logan systems, inc.
      4003 clifton drive
      greensboro, nc 27407    
   



