










ali arc industries – we are your upfront armour for your journey ahead.



































loading...

 






 






 our story
products

truck bars
grille guards
pickup bumpers
bull bars


questions
testimonials
news
contact

become a dealer


 



















 




the highway is your freedom.








we are ali arc.











welcome to the road! we have the armour to keep you moving forward on your journey.


imagine you are driving down a winding road in the mountains of british columbia or colorado, what’s protecting you from wildlife, unexpected terrain or inexperienced drivers? now imagine having truck bars that are protecting you and your truck. not only that, they are above industry standard at ½″ thick, complimented by 2½″ x ¼″ wall tubing and tying it together is ¼″ i-beam. an engineering marvel that will get you home safely to your family.
we strive every day to make sure there is no downtime for our valued customers, we care about you and your truck. wildlife isn’t going anywhere and neither are we. wherever life leads you there will be ali arc.
we pride ourselves in providing our customers with the best steel tow sections engineered out of cnc controlled high-definition plasma cut ⅜″ plate. tailored to your make and model, we use channel tow sections ranging from 4″ to 7″ deep. when it’s time to access your engine, you can appreciate the ease of access to your engine with our patent pending steel mounting bracket and tilt system. over the past 20 years, our eyebolt design has been tested so you can be assured that you and your truck will be protected.


when you are home with your pick-up, we have you covered with our protection up front® bumpers and bars. the products we build will last with a combination of 2½″ x ¼″ and/or 2¾″ x ⅛″ wall extruded tube mounted with aluminum or steel mounts.  our truck bumpers are lightweight and strong enough to last as long as you have your pick-up.
we know you need protection for your journey ahead and we are here to provide that. an ali arc bumper is the best collision protection available for your vehicle. purpose, strength, and design – three features that will never go out of style.
as long as you own a truck, ali arc will be here to protect you and your machine.
with nearly 25 years of industry knowledge, we have evolved into a recognizable manufacturer and distributor of truck and pick-up collision protection bars. located centrally in winnipeg, manitoba, canada we have a 36,000 sq ft. facility which employs over 55 people.
we have access to over 1500 dealers through direct vendor programs with major truck manufacturers including paccar (kenworth and peterbilt), mack, volvo and dtna (freightliner and western star).








we are ali arc, your upfront armour for the journey ahead.
through our years of experience, we have built strong partnering relationships with truck dealers and our raw material suppliers. because of our commitment to innovation and technology, we are edi capable and iso 9001 certified.
















                photo submissions from our fans
            



here’s some inspiration for your machine. our biggest delight is when a customer sends us a photograph showboating their kicking machine.
submit photo

 






 













get a head start on your journey.
			


recieve news, tips, industry insights, and local events sent directly to your inbox.
					














by providing my email address, i consent to ali arc industries to contact me for marketing purposes. you can unsubscribe from our emails at any time. we promise not to spam you.
					









 

upfront armour
for the journey ahead. 



iso9001 | certified


a quality management system recognized internationally




our story
products
questions
warranty
find a dealer in your area
testimonials
news
careers
become a dealer
contact
privacy statement
 















we use cookies to increase the functionality of our website and to simplify your visit to our website. we also use analytical and marketing cookies in accordance with  the exact provisions of our data protection privacy statement, which serve to analyze your use of our website. you can deactivate individual cookies in our data protection statement at any time.

©2019 ali arc industries lp. all rights reserved.

website by release media





 

















