 scott london – photography  
newsprojectsburning mansmoke and mirrorspainted desertthe phantom lakebombay beachi madonnarivanishing oasissolsticeaboutabout scottfaqcontactsearch




menu


menu
new bookrevised and expanded editionwritten by jennifer raiser
photography by scott londonmore info  →burning man 2024burning man has always been something of a surreal place — an ephemeral playground of whimsical art installations, wacky theme camps, startling art cars and bizarre performance pieces. but this year’s alice in wonderland-inspired theme, “curiouser and curiouser,” raised the level of playful absurdity to new heights. despite sluggish ticket sales and a significant drop in attendance following two years of extreme weather, 2024 turned out to be another enchanting year in black rock city.see photos →‘art on fire’ wins indie book awardsburning man: art on fire, my recent book with writer jennifer raiser, has just won two indie book awards, including “best coffee table book of the year.” jennifer and i couldn’t be more grateful for this wonderful recognition. it speaks to the growing influence of burning man’s incredible community of artists (many of whom are profiled in the book). the new edition features more than 200 of my photos along with several new sections, including updated artist profiles and a valuable new epilogue.read more →bombay beach biennalea tiny, half-abandoned town in a neglected corner of the california desert seems like an unlikely hotspot for street theater, classical opera and large-scale public art. yet bombay beach on the eastern shore of the salton sea has become a thriving outpost of renegade art and free expression. each spring, the town mounts a weird and wonderful celebration of art, music and ideas. this year i covered the festivities for sfgate: three surreal nights in bombay beach, the strangest town in california.see coverage →soli deo gloriain the summer of 2024, i teamed up with award-winning filmmaker mattias löw to document sweden’s medieval churches and abbeys for a forthcoming book. some of the churches date back more than a thousand years. they provide a fascinating look at the spiritual underpinnings of what is today one of the most secular and least religious societies in the world. svt, sweden’s national television broadcaster, took an interest in our work and put together a short news segment about the project.see more →the phantom laketulare lake was once the largest body of fresh water in the american west, a vast inland sea in california’s central valley. but after its tributaries were dammed and diverted a century ago, the lake dried up and the land was reclaimed for agriculture. in 2023, the lake made a stunning comeback. after one of the wettest winters in more than a century, rain and snowmelt from the sierra nevada mountains overwhelmed the levees in the tulare basin, inundating an area the size of lake tahoe—about 180 square miles.view images →burning man diariesburning man 2023 made headlines around the world after torrential rains flooded the black rock desert. the mud created logistical challenges for the tens of thousands gathered at the event, but it was hardly the apocalypse some media outlets made it out to be. if anything, many of us got to experience a different side of burning man, one revolving around resilience and community. see my live report from the event in forbes magazine, or click through to see my images from a uniquely memorable week.see photos →painted desertthe painted desert series grew out of a conceptual art project combining photography, costume design and immersive theater. working with the phoenix-based vessel project, i created a photo series of costumed figures set against the backdrop of the painted desert. the images were presented as part of an interactive performance piece at several venues throughout arizona, including the spark festival in mesa, the public art program in glendale, and the phoenix art museum.read more →smoke and mirrorssmoke and mirrors is a new photography book exploring the connection between the car and the camera through the lens of two dozen photographers. one of the chapters showcases my “mutant vehicles” series, featuring a selection of images from the project along with an incisive write-up by journalist adam hay-nicholls. as he writes in the introduction, “the images in this book, by some of the world’s best photographers, show cars at their most wild, playful and inventive.” the book is out now.read more →summer solsticeevery summer solstice weekend, santa barbara is taken over by carnivalesque floats, brazilian drummers, stilt walkers, performance artists, kids in costume, and samba dancers wearing feathers and sequins (and not much else). it’s not the edgy and raucous event it used to be back in the 1970s when it got its start, yet solstice remains one of southern california’s best street parties. after a decade and a half of covering the event, i’m convinced there’s no better place to celebrate the longest days of the year.see images →the art of silicon valleymy work is featured in a new book by fred turner, a professor at stanford university who writes about media, technology and american cultural history. fred’s book explores how how google, facebook and other silicon valley companies are creating a twenty-first century corporate culture that celebrates art, creativity and self-expression. the book is out in a french edition, l’usage de l’art, that includes 16 pages of my color photographs along with the cover image.more info →a shoot with byron katiebyron katie’s influential books and workshops have helped millions of people understand how their lives are shaped—and sometimes misshaped—by the stories they tell about themselves. i discovered her work more than a decade ago and delved deep into her teachings. given the influence she’s had on me, i was thrilled to be invited to her ranch in the ojai valley for a photoshoot. we spent a perfect afternoon together making pictures for the cover of one of her books.read more →the ephemeral cityin 2019, stanford university invited me to speak at its artswest symposium. the event was held at the de young fine art museum in san francisco. in my presentation, i reflected on what i’ve learned from a decade and a half of attending burning man as a photographer, journalist and cultural observer. my presentation was titled “the ephemeral city.” click through to read a transcript of my talk and see a selection of the images that were presented on the big screen.read more →images and text © copyright 2025 scott london. all rights reserved  ・  please see faq for information about permissions and licensing.scroll to top  



