




  





	ucla postdoctoral scholars | resources for postdocs at ucla













































 


























skip to audience navigation
skip to main menu
skip to search
skip to main content








ucla
postdoctoral scholars




menu







 



 prospective postdoctoral scholars connect resources info for new postdoctoral scholarsmoving to lapostdoctoral scholar appointment policy and procedurefinancescampus services and resourcesreporting options close (x)  professional development about us

















postdoctoral scholars

every year, ucla hosts approximately 1,000 postdoctoral scholars (postdocs) from across the world. engaged in advanced training and research, ucla’s postdocs make significant contributions to the university’s educational and research missions.
as members of the ucla community, postdocs have access to a world-class university and its resource network. this website is intended for prospective, new, and current ucla postdocs who are looking for information about their position and benefits or about resources available to them at ucla.
 

ucla is celebrating national postdoc appreciation week: postoctober fest during october 2024. in recognition of your many contributions to the university community, several organizations from around campus have planned a series of in-person and virtual activities and opportunities in your honor. please join us for national postdoctoral scholar appreciation week at ucla! view the schedule of events here.




chancellor’s award for postdoctoral research
 president’s postdoctoral fellowship program
 chancellor’s postdoctoral fellowship program


 postdoc overview
 time in postdoc training
 covid-19 resources




 

 
recent ucla postdoc blog posts:





by francesca gacho
							 / september 17, 2024						

postdoctober fest 2024 – national postdoc appreciation week

national postdoc appreciation week is september 16 - september 20, 2024. since 2009, the national postdoc association has sponsored national...
 read more









by francesca gacho
							 / september 18, 2023						

posdoctober fest 2023 – national postdoc appreciation week

national postdoc appreciation week is september 18 - september 22, 2023. since 2009, the national postdoc association has sponsored national...
 read more









by francesca gacho
							 / april 3, 2023						

spring 2023 career development events and workshops

  spring 2023 career development events & workshops co-sponsored by ucla career center and ucla division of graduate education for...
 read more







administrators and mentors
if you are a postdoc administrator or mentor, please visit go.grad for appointment instructions, forms and templates, and other resources.

as a land grant institution, postdoctoral scholar appointments and services in the ucla division of graduate education acknowledges the gabrielino/tongva peoples as the traditional land caretakers of tovaangar (los angeles basin, so. channel islands).
 
information on this website regarding postdoctoral scholar benefits are based on the previous uaw bargaining contract [ratified on 10/17/16]. for the most current information, please refer to the recently ratified contract: https://ucnet.universityofcalifornia.edu/labor/bargaining-units/px/contract.html.




























