

a bouquet of roses (stories of faith and inspiration)
































hafa adai and welcome to my stories of faith and inspiration site!  this site was designed as a tribute to my family and especially to my mother and father. our story is about growing up in guam as well as life right here in the united states of america where more than half of our lives are spent. they say that life is like a bouquet of roses. there are thorns that prick, scratch, and irritate, but in spite of them, the gorgeous roses permeate the air with their delightful fragrance.

these stories of faith and inspiration web pages give a brief description of the thorn of the japanese invasion and occupation of the island.  faith in god amidst the ravages of war, death and destruction sustained my family, and divine intervention and miraculous deliverance from death deepened our love and faith in god who provided and protected us in times of great peril. 

more thorns were to come for through the years, many things have happened that tried the human spirit, shaped the moral characters, and bound our family together with the golden cord of love.  my faith in god, my beliefs and values, my hopes and my dreams are shared with you through the pages of this document.

it is hoped that those who visit will find some of the information beneficial and that the stories of faith found in the pages of this document will inspire and encourage you in your walk with god, the great majesty of heaven whose kingdom, dominion, and authority are from everlasting to everlasting.
may your visit be pleasant!












all about me
friends photo album


my loving family
halls of memory


my beliefs
chain bible markings


my wonderful pets
apples of gold


my hobbies
personal angel stories


my cup runneth over
alternative medicine


   (my poetry page)
alzheimer's nursing home


then sings my soul
vegetarianism


scrapbook of favorites
prison ministry


baby book in poetry
a day to remember


baby photo album
   (september 11, 2001)

family photo album
in loving memory












are you blooming where you are planted? click on box.



 



there are over 600 files and downloadable midis on this site. to keep from getting lost in the forest for the trees, click on table of contents for a quick look at all the files in an easy-to-read format, or you may scroll to the bottom of this page and do a search.




click here to see our visitors' comments, questions, and our responses to them.







this site is maintained and copyrighted © by jl foundation 2001. for personal and non-commercial use, you can download anything on this site provided credit is given where credit is due by referring  to and/or linking back to this site using the following banner:









for background graphics, go to the sites involved and read their terms of use.  all midis on this site, located at the bottom of each page, are public domain and downloadable for use. these midis are taken from web sites that offer and claim them to be public domain. "...freely ye have received, freely give." matthew 10:8.
however, if you know of any of the midis here that are not public domain but are copyrighted, please let me know and they will be removed immediately. it is not the intent of this web site to infringe upon anyone's copyrights but to give glory to god. 





good works award received from 
 prayer warriors united for the work this website does to bring glory and honor to the lord jesus christ and to help and inspire others in their walk with god. heart-felt thanks go to the staff of prayer warriors united for this gorgeous award.

































majesty midi














