 



 




gay travel guide to iceland | gayice.is










































homenews and articles:newsgeneral articleslgbt articlesphoto galleriesguidefaqaccommodationcafé / restaurantsannual lgbt+ eventsbars and clubsorganizationssocial groupstravel guidecity guide
























 


 
 
 
 
 
 

























latest news - main story











15th february 2025

we are here - musical comedy
"why get married if there's no one to capture it on film?"the performing arts choir viðlag invites you to the wedding of the year! bjartmar and arnar are finally tying the knot, and you’re invited—along with their colorful family and vibrant friends.  ...














latest news










14 february 25

loki fuck your valentine party









28 august 24

rvk bear top off and growl! parties coming up









28 august 24

the hump day social - monthly events for gay and b...

















 
  



book your hotel in iceland


 























check out our galleries












2019 pink party #10 hosted by detox
here are a few snapshots from the pink party #10 hosted by detox.











bears on ice 2015 - the golden circle tour

snapshots from the golden circle tour at bears on ice weekend september 2015.
more information on bears on ice at bearsonice.org...











reykjavik pride 2018
here are snapshots from the reykjavik pride parade. the icelandic name for the parade is gleðigangan or the parade of joy and you can see the joy in t...
















 
  



follow us on facebook


 

















check this out












iceland is only 3 hours away
from london and 5 hours away from new york! visit icelandair or fly play and book your next flight to iceland!











reykjavik bear weekend
bears and friends will have some fun in reykjavik, iceland, the world's northernmost capital aug 31 - sept 3 2023 (laborday weekend in the usa). visit reykjavik bear website for more information.











the reykjavik pride
celebration will be 8-13 august 2023 with the pride parade on sat 12th august. visit their official website for more information.









 

























bars and clubs













kiki -queer bar








kiki -queer bar   
kiki -queer bar claims to be "the queerest club in reykjavík. great music, fun atmo and the best crowd!" located on second and third floor of laugavegur 22, entrance from klapparstígur.
visit kiki -queer bar on facebook to see what they are up to and their current opening hours.
  









gaukurinn








gaukurinn 
gaukurinn is a bar and events venue, situated in downtown reykjavík. the establishment is also the home of newly opened vegan diner veganæs.
it's not a queer bar or gay bar but lgbt+ friendly like most bars in iceland and they have hosted lot's of lgbt+ events. twice a month the infamous drag troupe drag-súgur puts on a show at gaukurinn; one marvelous main show with all of the established royals of the city and one drag-lab (free entry) where newcomers are welcomed to the stage and more seasoned performers try out new material.
events are held almost every day and the schedule is available here.
website gaukurinn.isfacebook page: facebook.com/gaukurinn2014/
location: tryggvagata 22, 101 reykjavik 














 
  

















     
















gayice.is info


 



menu



homenews and articles:photo galleriesguide








about gayice



about gayice.isprivacycontact usadvertisepictures






follow us































							
							copyright © gayice.is. all rights reserved.						

 
 
 



 











