



empty records us - official site













   



   




join email list
shopping cart


 



   

 releases

 bands

 links

   














						bamboo kids
						



						destruction unit
						



						digital leather
						



						snitches
						



						blank its
						



						dark skies
						



						original 3
													

						last minor update
2/17/2025





welcome to empty records us

established in 1984 the re-established in the seattle in 1987, we began focusing on the great music that's come and continually coming out of the pacific northwest. 


					
					



hot off the presses





 

 king louie & the loose diamonds 
									 a truly amazing all star band comprised of ring leader king louie bankston (persuaders, kajun ss, exploding hearts, black rose band), jack yarber (oblivians, cool jerks, tearjerkers), harlan t. bobo (viva l'american deathray music), adam woodard (tearjerkers), and chad booth (kajun ss). these diamonds are in fact not so loose, but tight, and covered in that memphis grease / power pop that you just can't wipe off... 
 get it now  







 lover!    
											... is a power pop explosion fermented in the psyche of rich reatard (lost sounds, reatards). teaming up with greg roberson (ex-reigning sound, arthur lee's love) the result is a variety ranging from tuesday night despair to friday night revenge in the vein of the undertones or cheaptrick and maybe a little monkees. come on, get on board! 
 get it now 


 












 

  pure country gold 
								 the best rock and roll has always seemed to have a devil on one shoulder, an angel on the other: while the angels promoted melody and harmony, the devils preached energy and urgency. while pure country gold believes that music is best when informed by both of these sides, on this debut album it's clear that they've given a stronger ear to the latter.
 get it now 







   





 

© 1987-2013 empty records us

 




          


"when fascism comes to america, it will be wrapped in the flag, carrying a cross."
					 ~ sinclair lewis


empty record us po box 12301 portland, or 97212-0301
				
          





