




botox® (onabotulinumtoxina) - official botox® cosmetic site














































✖

see our new privacy terms at
                    https://privacy.abbvie/.






        skip to main content
      







product info & medication guidefor u.s. residents









































find a provider










how it workstreatment journeysciencefaq
treatment areasforehead lines, frown lines, & crow's feetvertical bands connecting  the neck and jaw
before & afterreal impactsave with allē







find a provider












close nav button







































    the one and only
botox® cosmetic
  
only botox® cosmetic is fda approved to temporarily improve the look of moderate to severe frown lines, crow's feet, forehead lines, and vertical bands connecting the neck and jaw (platysma bands) in adults.





how to get started




real patient. results may vary.






















      
          tried, trusted, proven
      
    



with over 20 years of research and innovation, botox® cosmetic is the most studied product of its kind with more than 574 peer-reviewed articles in scientific and medical journals.


















      
          natural- looking results*+




still you, but with fewer lines.




see the results



real patient. results may vary. 
+ for forehead lines, frown lines, and crow’s feet only.



























      
          the only product of its kind
      
    



to treat moderate to severe frown lines, crow's feet, forehead lines and vertical bands connecting the neck and jaw.




about botox cosmetic



























      
          its safety and efficacy is described in 574 peer reviewed scientific articles.
      
    



over 20 years of research and innovation***




learn the science



























      
          there are no substitutes
      
    



botox cosmetic has a unique manufacturing process, and its potency is measured in units that cannot be compared to any other product.




learn the science





























forehead lines, frown lines, & crow's feet




vertical bands connecting the neck and jaw





























    natural-looking results.* still you, with fewer lines.
  




browse treatment areas









real patient. results may vary. 
*in two clinical trials, a majority of patients reported they were “mostly or very satisfied” with their overall treatment results at day 60. in addition, these patients reported the same responses for the natural-looking result of treatment for their frown and forehead lines. in a 2022 survey, a majority of respondents treated for their crow’s feet lines said they “completely or somewhat agree” that botox cosmetic provides natural-looking results.






























    the only fda-approved treatment for vertical bands connecting the neck and jaw
  
the platysma muscle is a thin muscle that covers the neck and extends over the lower face. when this muscle is contracted it can cause the appearance of bands on the neck, which can also create a less defined jawline.





browse treatment areas









real patient. real results. 
+ forehead lines, frown lines, and crow's feet only















      
          real results
      
    



smoother looking forehead lines, frown lines, and crow's feet in adults. you'll look like you just with fewer lines.






explore before & afters















      
          tonya, 42
      
    



tonya is a working mom of 9, she took time for herself to treat her moderate to severe frown lines, crow's feet, and forehead lines.




see real results



real patient. results may vary. photo taken at maximum eyebrow elevation before and 30 days after treatment with botox® cosmetic. in 2 clinical studies of healthy adults, 61% and 46% had a ≥ 2-grade improvement at day 30.*























before





















after









frown lines 
photos taken at maximum frown before and 30 days after treatment with botox® cosmetic. in clinical studies, physicians assessed 80% of adults had significant improvement at day 30; in the same studies, 89% of adults who were treated saw at least moderate improvement at day 30. *  
crow’s feet lines 
photos taken at full smile before and 30 days after treatment with botox® cosmetic. in 2 clinical studies, 26.1% and 20.3% of adults had a ≥ 2-grade improvement at day 30. in one of these studies, 67.9% had mild or no crow’s feet lines at day 30 after treatment. *  
forehead lines 
photos taken at maximum eyebrow elevation before and 30 days after treatment with botox® cosmetic. in 2 clinical studies of healthy adults, 61% and 46% had a ≥ 2-grade improvement at day 30. *


















      
          quick, 10 to 15 minute treatment
      
    



with minimal downtime for forehead lines, frown lines, and crow’s feet




how to get started








































1





      
          consultation
      
    



you’ll be assessed by a licensed specialist who will create an individualized treatment plan to meet your needs.







2





      
          treatment
      
    



the actual treatment is quick, it only takes about 10-15 minutes. your specialist will mark the areas where they will inject. will it hurt? most patients say treatment feels like a pinch.







3





      
          results
      
    



you may start to see results in 24-48 hours with full results in 30 days and may last up to 4 months.



















      
          together, we’re closing the confidence gap for women entrepreneurs
      
    



with 20 grants of $25,000 each plus mentorship, we’re continuing to support women entrepreneurs so they can take their business to the next level.




about real impact



not actual patient.





































      
          get started
      
    

















      
          book a consultation today
      
    



find a licensed provider in the allē directory.




find a provider



real patient. results may vary.





















































      
          save on botox cosmetic with allē
      
    



join allē and earn points on botox cosmetic treatments and over 50 other products and treatments. redeem your allē points for savings on qualifying injectables and skinmedica products.




save with allē
























*in two clinical trials, a majority of patients reported they were “mostly or very satisfied” with their overall treatment results at day 60. in addition, these patients reported the same responses for the natural-looking result of treatment for their frown and forehead lines. in a 2022 survey, a majority of respondents treated for their crow’s feet lines said they “completely or somewhat agree” that botox cosmetic provides natural-looking results.
**data collected through 2023.












×









      
          earn double allē points*






+ refer a friend to allē and earn $50











































*on juvéderm® when treated with juvéderm® fillers & botox® cosmetic at the same visit












































book your consultation







pictured: botox® cosmetic vial and juvéderm® collection of fillers syringes.
limited-time offer. terms and conditions apply. see allē app for refer a friend terms and conditions. skinvive by juvéderm® is excluded from this promotion.
the safe and effective use of these products has not been studied together.
see botox® cosmetic boxed warning and med guide






















important safety information & approved uses
botox® cosmetic may cause serious side effects that can be life threatening. get medical help right away if you have any of these problems any time (hours to weeks) after injection of botox® cosmetic: problems swallowing, speaking, or breathing, due to weakening of associated muscles, can be severe and result in loss of life. you are at the highest risk if these problems are pre-existing before injection. swallowing problems may last for several months.







+












      
          uses, important safety info, and prescribing info
      
    



botox® cosmetic (onabotulinumtoxina)



important safety information
botox® cosmetic may cause serious side effects that can be life threatening. get medical help right away if you have any of these problems any time (hours to weeks) after injection of botox® cosmetic:
problems swallowing, speaking, or breathing, due to weakening of associated muscles, which can be severe and result in loss of life. you are at the highest risk if these problems are preexisting before injection. swallowing problems may last for several months.
spread of toxin effects. the effect of botulinum toxin may affect areas away from the injection site and cause serious symptoms, including loss of strength and all-over muscle weakness, double vision, blurred vision and drooping eyelids, hoarseness or change or loss of voice, trouble saying words clearly, loss of bladder control, trouble breathing, and trouble swallowing.
botox® cosmetic dosing units are not the same as, or comparable to, any other botulinum toxin product.
there has not been a confirmed serious case of spread of toxin effect when botox® cosmetic has been used at the recommended dose to treat frown lines, crow’s feet lines, forehead lines, and/or platysma bands.
botox® cosmetic may cause loss of strength or general muscle weakness, vision problems, or dizziness within hours to weeks of receiving botox® cosmetic. if this happens, do not drive a car, operate machinery, or do other dangerous activities.
serious and/or immediate allergic reactions have been reported, including itching, rash, red itchy welts, wheezing, asthma symptoms, or dizziness or feeling faint. get medical help right away if you are wheezing or have asthma symptoms, or if you become dizzy or faint.
do not receive botox® cosmetic if you are allergic to any of the ingredients in botox® cosmetic (see medication guide for ingredients); had an allergic reaction to any other botulinum toxin product such as myobloc (rimabotulinumtoxinb), dysport (abobotulinumtoxina), xeomin (incobotulinumtoxina), jeuveau (prabotulinumtoxina-xvfs), daxxify (daxibotulinumtoxina-lanm), or letybo (letibotulinumtoxina-wlbg); or have a skin infection at the planned injection site. this list may not include all available botulinum toxin products.



tell your doctor about all your muscle or nerve conditions, such as als or lou gehrig’s disease, myasthenia gravis, or lambert-eaton syndrome, as you may be at increased risk of serious side effects, including difficulty swallowing and difficulty breathing, from standard doses of botox® cosmetic.
tell your doctor about all your medical conditions, including surgery or plans to have surgery on your face, trouble raising your eyebrows, drooping eyelids, any other abnormal facial change, are pregnant or plan to become pregnant (it is not known if botox® cosmetic can harm your unborn baby), or are breastfeeding or plan to (it is not known if botox® cosmetic passes into breast milk).
tell your doctor about all the medicines you take, including prescription and over-the-counter medicines, vitamins, and herbal supplements. using botox® cosmetic with certain other medicines may cause serious side effects. do not start any new medicines until you have told your doctor that you have received botox® cosmetic in the past.



tell your doctor if you have received any other botulinum toxin product in the last 4 months; have received injections of botulinum toxin such as myobloc, dysport, xeomin, jeuveau, daxxify, or letybo in the past (tell your doctor exactly which product you received); have recently received an antibiotic by injection; take muscle relaxants; take an allergy or cold medicine; take a sleep medicine; or take aspirin-like products or blood thinners.
other side effects of botox® cosmetic include dry mouth; discomfort or pain at the injection site; tiredness; headache; neck pain; and eye problems, including double vision, blurred vision, decreased eyesight, drooping eyelids and eyebrows, swelling of eyelids, and dry eyes.
approved uses
botox® cosmetic is a prescription medicine that is injected into muscles and used to temporarily improve the look of moderate to severe forehead lines, crow’s feet lines, frown lines between the eyebrows, and vertical bands connecting the jaw and neck (platysma bands) in adults.
for more information, refer to the medication guide or talk with your doctor. 
to report a side effect, please call allergan aesthetics at 1-800-678-1605.
please see botox® cosmetic full product information including boxed warning and medication guide.











































































contact ussearch providersallē terms and conditionsterms of useprivacy noticecookie settingsconsumer health data privacy noticeyour privacy choicesaccessibility statement







© 2025 abbvie. all rights reserved. botox and its design are registered trademarks of allergan, inc., an abbvie company. us-fa-00044 12/24















abbvie may use and disclose online usage data about you collected automatically through online tracking technologies such as cookies, pixels, and web beacons (collectively, “cookies”). we use this data for multiple purposes, including for online targeted advertising (advertisements...

read more
read less


cookie settings


manage choices
reject all
accept all

















