










naman howell | texas law firm























main content
main menu

search









menu


about usabout usour strategic differenceover a century of experiencefirm leadershipnational reachtechnologyhonors & recognitiondiversitygiving backprofessionalscapabilitiesnews & insightsnews & insightsnewspublicationsfamily law blogwaco patent litigation updatescareerscareerswhy choose naman howellattorneyssummer associatesprofessional staffcurrent openingslocationslocationsaustinfort worthhoustonsan antoniowaco



naman, howell, smith & lee, pllc































by using this site, you agree to our updated privacy policy and our terms of use which include the use of cookies to improve your website experience, provide additional security, and remember you when you return.

accept and close




a century of legal excellence




›









new look, same naman howellto carry our legacy into the next century and better reflect our growing firm, we have refreshed our brand. with an updated look, we are excited to continue bringing the same legal expertise that has defined our firm since 1917.



honoring heritage, vision & results for over 100 yearsfounded in 1917, naman, howell, smith and lee, pllc is one of the oldest law firms in texas. with offices throughout the state, we are unquestionably proud of our storied heritage and the perspective it provides as we continue to meet the needs of our clients today.



when time means everythingour emergency response team can be called upon at a moment’s notice to help gather crucial data and evidence for future litigation.



corporate know-hownaman howell represents corporations, llcs, partnerships, and other business entities in corporate transactions and operational matters across nearly every industry. 



litigators that try casesnaman howell maintains a proud heritage of trial hardened litigators who will defend our clients interests in many different types of matters at both the state and federal levels.



sometimes legal matters are personalwhether you're in need of help with estate planning, adoption, elder care, tax advice, trusts, divorce, or something more, our caring and compasionate attorneys are here to help support you and your family.



administrative & regulatory roots that run deepnaman howell has a longstanding record of successfully representing clients in administrative law cases throughout texas and beyond. 










100+professionals
50+practice areas
5texas locations
100+years of legal excellence









offering personalized, sophisticated representationnaman howell attorneys have the legal expertise and track record of success necessary to soundly represent you or your business.






find a naman howell professional


›








regional powerhouse, national reachnaman howell brings texas legal expertise to the world at large.  we handle a wide range of legal matters throughout the state of texas for both domestic and international clients.  established in 1917, and with five offices across the state, our clients have come to appreciate our knowledge and responsiveness to their matters.  we don't stop at texas though.  with numerous attorneys licensed in other states, and being a founding member of alfa international, we also possess the national and international reach that many of our clients require to handle even the most far reaching and complex of legal issues. our capabilities







related news & announcements

27\december\2024corporate transparency act injunction reinstated by fifth circuit
16\december\2024madison preston elected as fellow of the texas bar foundation
11\december\2024patterson and warren obtain total defense verdict for oil well operator

view all




jump to page










small-naman, howell, smith & lee, pllc














austin512.479.0300
fort worth817.509.2025
houston346.410.0215
san antonio210.731.6300
waco254.755.4100






make a payment

linkedin



facebook






emergency response team
disclaimer
privacy policy
site map
© naman, howell, smith & lee, pllc 2025. all rights reserved.
site by firmseek









