































































somfy.com






















     














en
fr























 back




corporate 



careers 



foundation 



specifiers 







en
fr



















productdetail.addtomywishlist.success










productdetail.removefrommywishlist.success


































				welcome to somfy 

				specialist in connected equipment for the home: shutters, blinds and curtains, gates, garage doors, locks, heating, lighting, cameras and alarms... 









 tell us who you are and we'll take you to the right website.






              		private individual

                	professional

	i live in



 continent




										africa
									

										america
									

										asia
									

										europe
									

										oceania
									

										other
									







 country


 select 






 continue on    france 















				we act for a better way 

somfy is making a definite commitment by implementing its sustainable development strategy based on three pillars: planet, people, and prosperity to contribute to building a better future.

























				somfy for professionals 

somfy supports you every day by making available all the tools you need for your business.

























				work for somfy 

somfy's development and success has always been based on the entrepreneurial spirit of the men and women who make up the group. but also on their quest for personal fulfilment, via a shared project that inspires them to challenge themselves and surpass their ambitions. this company culture is the somfy spirit.


our job vacancies 























				the foundation 

in the face of the many needs of organisations who work to combat poor housing and having the benefit of the group's expertise in housing, the somfy foundation invests in access to decent accommodation for all. it provides help to the charity organisations in the field, giving both financial and human support.


discover the somfy foundation 























				the somfy group 

somfy operates in 58 countries and is the world leader in automatic controls for openings and closures in homes and buildings. it offers a range of motorized solutions and control points and is a key player in smart home systems.
for more than 45 years, the somfy group has been improving living conditions using automation, by designing and developing solutions for comfort, security, energy savings and personal autonomy.


discover the somfy group 














































© 2025 somfy – all rights reserved.

 legal notices
 privacy policy
 politique de cookies
 ce declaration









corporate site
somfy projects
somfy connect
somfy pro


















 