






your book boss - book coaching for experts




























































home
apply to work with me
 





select page


  
 



 



 











 



i’m julie duffy
book boss & creativity coach
 
write the book your business needs
 
let's talk

 
 


you're on a mission you’re an expert, a practitioner, a public speaker, a teacher/coach or you’ve learned a hard-won lesson in life.
you have something to offer that will change people’s lives. you have the answer. 
but your book still isn’t finished.
get started today!

 

write your book, this yearwriting is hard. trust me, i’m a writer.
but you can ovecome the overwhelm, organize your message and finsh your book this year.
you just might need a little help from a book coach.
get started today!

 
 
 
 

 



the most powerful tool in your business
can your message wait?
you know you ought to be writing a book.
 
it would allows you to spread your mission, and begin to help people who aren’t ready or able to work with you directly.
 
you know you have the answer that will change your readers’ lives. but your book still isn’t finished.

 
get started

 




have you been putting off writing your book until you have time?

 
 



have you started four or five times and become overwhelmed?

 
 



have books come out from newer voices in your area of expertise in the meantime?

 
 



are those new voices leading your audience down the wrong path?

 
 
 
 

 






clarity
find the core message of your (first) book, and learn how  to stay true to that message

 
 
 




authority
a book instantly increases your authority with clients, peers and media bookers.

 
 
 




mission
stay true to your core mission, helping your readers create the lives they want, with the guidance  only you can provide.

 
 
 




business
integrate your book into your whole business without becoming overwhelmed.

 
 
 
 

 



the #1 reason experts don’t write books

writing is hard.
believing you are called to write your book is hard.
 
trust me. i’m a writer, and i find it hard.
 
of course you get distracted and decide to work on social media posts  or serving your private clients in 1:1 settings.
 
of course you get overwhelmed by the complexities of putting everything you know between the covers of a single book.
 
of course your date for finishing keeps slipping further and further into the future.

 
 
 

 



you need a book boss.
 
have you ever worked for someone else? remember when they told you that thing had to be done by friday afternoon, and you got it done by friday afternoon?.
 
it’s so much easier to to finish projects when your boss is breathing down your neck.
 
it’s not so easy when you’re working by yourself.
 
maybe you need a book boss.

 
get started

 




using my decades of experience as a writer (business, reporting and creative writing) i will help you map out a plan that will transform your writing from a chore you dread, to a pleasure that enhances your life and career.

 
 



we will have one-to-one coaching calls during which we can assess your progress, reassess your needs based on what you're learning as you write more, and make sure you're hitting your goals and cutting through overwhelm. 

 
 



we'll get together via zoom or phone call and talk about your project(s), your aims, your roadblocks, your frustrations and your vision of how you would like things to be. 

 
 
 
 

 


 



why work with julie?
 
apart from the fact that my soothing scottish accent will make you feel better about everything in your life instantly, i have a few other reasons you might want to work with me.
 

i’ve been helping authors get their books to their audiences since 1998, first as director of author services at the world’s first print on-demand publishing service for authors, then as a creativity coach to creative writers..
since 2010 i’ve run the storyaday challenge, which pushes writers to be hyper-productive, turning out a short story every day for a month. i’ve lead thousands of writers through the process of getting over their blocks and fears, and getting the words on the page.
i’ve run individual and group coaching sessions though storyaday since 2013, helping writers set priorities, develop a strategy for their writing life, and get clear on their goals and how they might pursue them.
i’ve published 5 non-fiction books, had my fiction published in online and print anthologies, regularly write articles for leading publications for writers, including writer’s digest and writerunboxed.com, host a podcast on the art of creativity, and have interviewed best-selling authors for the secrets of their success.


apply for a consultation call

 

areas we might work on
 



habits

creating a writing routine that works for you
tricks to break through blocks and fears and get you into the writing zone
deadlines and accountability to make sure you meet your goals
 
 
content

creating your book’s table of content
honing in on the central message and benefit for readers (your “guiding light” as you draft the book)
how to select relevant case studies and research materials
organizing your book’s content
cutting out material to streamline your message — and to save for your next book
clarifying your language so you communicate your mission and your passion in your voice.
 
 
reaching your audience

finding your book’s hook
understanding your options for publication (self publishing and traditional)
how to find an editor, book designer, and cover designer (if self-publishing)
query letters and pitches
figuring out the best marketing avenues for your personality
 
 
 
 
 


testimonials
 
 
 
 




“smart, funny, knowledgeable and personable. her insights were very helpful and useful 
susannah reilly

 
 
 


“when it comes to all aspects of writing, the lady certainly knows what she is talking about.” 
gary buehler, sr

 
 
 


masterful! julie has the special ability to take important information and present it in an easily understandable and impactful way.” 
gary zenker

 
 
 
 
 

 



find your focus. finish your book. spread your mission.
 
apply for a discovery call

 

 this is your moment

this is your moment to step up and speak up with the answers you know your audience needs.
this is your moment to hold your head high, knowing you’ve achieved momentous things.
 
 
 
 

  


 
 
 






facebook




twitter




google




instagram




rss


designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress  

 
 
 









