









the book bitches




































two very opinionated bitches talk about books and bitch about other stuff too.

  harlot
  vicious trollop
home
faq me
ideas, questions or
suggestions? e-mail us at thebookb [at] gmail [dot] com and bitch away!
 


what you want...


baby, we've got it
a trollop in madrid
bibliophile's affair
bitch at the movies
bitches book club
bitchin' news
bitchy mcrant
blog buggery
bronze horseman's harlot
celebs crap
cock fetish
contemporary por amor
die, outlander, die!
for love of rakes and rogues
fuckalicious
fucking around
fun and games
harry potter nutter
holidaze
i <3 ya
i am the uber best
kinky lifestyle
mctv
nutella lovah
ooh la la, fabio
paranormal—oh joy!
romance, baby
sex and the bitches
some like it hot
trollop and harlot's stuff


 





anne of green gables
bel canto
"crazy" series
"dark hunters" series
eclipse
"harry potter" series
persuasion
rachel's holiday
something borrowed
the bronze horseman
the dirty girls social club
the other boleyn girl
the time traveler's wife
twilight
 




aka: harlot and trollop's
love slaves *wink* 
click here for
more, more, more!
 



dakota cassidy
december quinn
janet evanovich
jennifer donnelly
jill barnett
julia london
karen hawkins
kathleen mcgowan
liz carlyle
megan mccafferty
melanie lynne hauser
michael betcherman
paullina simons
sarah brophy
sarah mccarty
 














help! need advice!


dear potenta,i am sorry to tell you that this is already a defunct blog. :( but after reading your comment, i know i cannot just ignore it. i strongly believe that every woman should always have an orgasm no matter what.please know i am no expert. but from my experience, cheating is never the answer. you cannot resolve a problem with another problem. i think talking about your dilemma with your partner/husband (especially when he is part of the problem and/or probably the answer to it) is always a good start. you can always try new things together, as long as you're both willing.you need to be familiar with what turns you on. it is your body afterall. also have you tried vibrators? a lot of good vibrators out there you might want to look into. you can use it by yourself, or your husband can masturbate you with it. ;)perhaps these articles might help a bit, give you some ideas:i touch myselfwhy women should have a vibratorare men afraid of vibrators? they shouldn't be!i hope those will help a bit. let me know if there's anything else i might be able to help you with. cheers.


harlot! i really hope you check this! i wasn't gonna post anything since i thought you had gone but i still check out of habit lol.i bought all the books you recommended (minus the joey hill ones, i've yet to find them). and i love them all!! i was totally despairing because i haven't been able to find any books that i love or authors to follow and now i have a whole new reserve of them! i have so many new books on my bookshelf that i haven't read yet and i adore that feeling!! jennifer ashley is amazing as is nalini singh and i also adore connie brockway. loved reading not quite a husband and to have and to hold. all the tormented heroes are making me exceedingly happy!some of these books have covers that i would generally stay away from since i am horrendously shallow but now i am reformed and will never ever ever ever judge a book by its cover again.so i just wanted to say thank you thank you thank you thank you. it means sooo much to be because i had stopped reading and was feeling very crappy about it. so thank you again :)and sorry to hijack a post that is completely unrelated :( i hope potenta finds what she needs :)


gabrielle, oh sweetie you are so welcome. i am just so happy you loved the books. :dbecause of that forwarding thingy, not only do i get the new emails, i also get all incoming comments now (even from old posts way waaaay back). you guys, feel free to email me anytime. :) gabrielle, do email me after this and i'll help you with joey hill.anyway, i need to sleep but glued online, and watching cnn because of the tsunami alert. be safe everyone! *besos*


potenta, please be patient. it might take some time before you get some replies. i hope some of our readers are still out there and will give you an advice. take care.


omg, you're back! :oi have thought (a little bit) on potenta's problem. my take is the same as yours - basically that cheating is not the answer and what may be required is exploration of your body.the second one is particularly important. while i myself have not orgasmed with a partner i have with myself (my god, i hope no one i know is reading this), so it keeps me thinking that it will happen one day! this is however not to say that with a partner is *worse* just that it is a case where you're most familiar with what you need/location of magic buttons/the type of pressure etc. one thing that is required is communicating with your husband. if he's not willing to experiment to do other stuff that will get you off (because lets face it, getting you off will be a huge ego boost), instead wishing to rely solely on his penis power...then that's a doozy and not something on which i can comment


also, congratulations on going to italy, harlot! florence is so beautiful as are the male inhabitants! and omg, the food and shopping! i still have wonderful memories of the san lorenzo market cheese stores *gurgles*


hi potenta, i have to say that some women are very lucky that they can always find their orgasm, one way or another.sometimes, you must know what feels good (meaning you have to masturbate), play with yourself, that way when you're with your husband, you can slowly (if he's sensitive) lead him in the direction that you wanted. cheating is not the answer. it's only in movies that they make it look exciting. and besides, it's not a guarantee that you will get an orgasm.some women get orgasm by just crossing their legs while reading very romantic and 'hot' books. others have to work at it.also, the biggest part of a womans tool to orgasm is her brain. make sure that when you're playing with yourself, or making out with your husband, you do not think about laundry or the state of your floor. that's a killer for anything orgasmic. at least in my case anyways.in summary: find out for yourself what feels good. when you do, maybe you can lead your husband to touch you different. men are so easy to get off...it's us women that's sort of high maintenance when it comes to orgasm.


hmm, i think you must sex passionately and mix with sex toys or other stuffs. just do it heartily.


2ed ora fatemi urlare con tutte le mie forze, please, mi ripetero', molto probabilmente, ma per il bene della umanita' tutta, lo faccio e lietissimamentel'immenso prendi cazzi in culo luigi berlusconi (fidanzata-wikipedia-padre spappola magistrati e sbauscia troie poco piu' che bambine, silvio berlusconi..... " per sempre fuori dai coglioni") di di criminalissima fininvest alias (ma)fi(a)ninvest, criminalissima molmed, criminalissima molmed spa, criminalissima holding italiana quattordicesima spa (gia' cassaforte di cosa nostra: di stefano bontate, prima e toto riina, poi), criminalissima banca mediolanum mafiolanum camorranum ndrangolanum lavalavapercocaleroscolombianum nazistanum (ove ricicla soldi assassini a raffica proprio come accadeva nella schifosa, malavitosa, davvero bastarda banca rasini del topo di fogna luigi berlusconi "nonno"http://susannaambivero.blogspot.com/2009/08/rasini-la-banca-di-berlusconi-e-della.html come, d' altronde, nella malavitosissima fininvest del suo pezzo di merda padre, noto pedofilo spappola magistrati silvio berlusconi http://www.antimafiaduemila.com/home/primo-piano/68166-berlusconi-soldi-e-boss-mafiosi-negli-appunti-di-falcone.html ), criminalissima soldo ltd roma, criminalissima soldo financial services ltd, criminalissima eligotech amsterdam, criminalissima cgnal di topo di fogna berluscorrottissimo marco carrai, criminalissima algebris di mega ricicla soldi mafiosi davide serra ed altra merda nazimafiosa berlusconicchia varia sta creando nuove ovra e ghestapo del web!! col prima citato merdone berlusconicchio marco carrai di cgnal, col nazi-st-alker, accertato pederasta incula bambini, frequentissimo mandante di omicidi, gia' tre volte finito in carcere: paolo barrai nato a milano il 28.6.1965 ( o frequentissimo mandante di omicidi, gia' tre volte finito in carcere: paolo pietro barrai nato a milano il 28.6.1965 che sia)!!! e sia chiaro, please: io sono maria grazia crupi di milano. sono l'ex amante lesbica di marina berlusconi. gli ho leccato la figa e gli ho messi aggeggi sessuali nel di dietro per ben 13 anni. se vi e' una amica intima di lgbt quella sono proprio io. ma debbo urlare una cosa, adesso: luigi berlusconi prende cazzi di 30 cm in su fino alla prostata, fa bocchini su bocchini e beve litri su litri di sborra. e' un omosessuale perso, presto, molto probabilmente, si fara' anche la operazione e diverra' trans!http://www.gay.it/gossip/news/bacio-gay-luigi-berlusconiil ciuccia e prendi mega cazzi a go go luigi berlusconi (bacio ricchioneschissimo quihttps://www.tuttouomini.it/images/2017/7/luigi-berlusconi-bacio-gay-estate-amico.jpg ) nato in fighettina arlesheim (ch) il 27.9.1988.... l'omosessuale ^occulto^ luigi berlusconi http://www.leggo.it/gossip/news/luigi_berlusconi_bacio_sulla_bocca_ad_un_amico_la_barba-2548577.htmldi bastardamente criminale eligotech amsteram, bastardamente criminale soldo ltd london e bastardamente criminale banca mediolanum (che riciclano montagne di € mafiosi, esattamente come faceva la criminalissima banca rasini di suo nonno, topo di fogna luigi berlusconi ....o come faceva e fa ora piu' che mai, la fininvest del pedofilo dilaniante falcone e borsellino: silvio berlusconihttp://www.vnews24.it/2014/05/29/borsellino-sentenza-choc-stragi-commissionate-berlusconi/e della criminalissima, hitleriana, ^occulta" lesbica marina berlusconi )insieme al berlus-co-rrotto verme marco carrai di cgnal, crea nazitecnologiche nuove ovra e ghestapo! col noto anti semita, gia' 3 volte finito in carcere, paolo barrai, nato a milano il 28.6.1965 ( finito in carcere pure in brasile, ed anche per pedofilia omosessuale: inculava li i bambini, ne scriveremo prestohttp://www.rotadosertao.com/images/fotos/fotos_noticias/testao.jpghttp://4.bp.blogspot.com/-aqbt4klysmw/tclbvuupkei/aaaaaaaaae4/tidplr0lh_u/s1600/barrai+ind-pag01.jpghttps://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/comp.soft-sys.matlab/j3oyd-smj88 )!


3col tutto, per finire, unitissimo all'economista notoriamente molto pedofilo, nazista ed assassino paolo cardenà di san paolo invest e malavitosa mediolanum stessa. nato a macerata il 2.19.1971 e residente a penna san giovanni (macerata), via umberto i, numero 41. come anche in via pozzo 105, 63837 falerone (fm) https://www.commoditiestrading.it/public/autori/635338392358575000_cardena.jpged a suo fratello, il noto assassino satanista, meglio dire, noto assassino satanazista stefano cardenà https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/427506611897528320/m6ufccda.jpegdi criminalissima cardena' consulting e criminalissima cardena' and partners, basate a falerone, via maria montessori 6 63837 falerone. criminalissimo numero di telefono tel: 0734.710786 - altro criminalissimo numero di telefono 3335915666 - criminalissima e mail info@cardenaconsulting.it criminalissima email formazione@cardenaconsulting.it - p.iva: 01840990442). e criminalissimo blog vincitori e vinti. i due, da decenni, riciclano soldi assassinihttps://www.cronachemaceratesi.it/2015/05/29/mafia-nelle-marche-nessuno-ne-parla-la-denuncia-di-ambra-ruggeri-e-negli-appalti-delle-grandi-opere/662071/dei mega omicida di cosa nostra, crisafulli di milano https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/crisafulli_(clan) ) e di matteo messina denaro in persona ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/matteo_messina_denaro )!!! fan parte di tante logge massoniche nazistissime, pervertite, depravate, che han ammazzato e fatto sparire con acido o sotterrando in tanti boschi delle sue parti, centinaia di persone di macerata e delle marche tutte. e han fondato una loro setta estremamente assassina chiamata " i sicari assassini e marchigiani di satana"! esattamente come da questo "illuminantissimo" post https://www.cronachemaceratesi.it/2016/05/24/spariti-nel-nulla-nelle-marche-si-cercano-558-persone/811406/ . sto merdaio mega omicida era dietro lo stupro di gruppo effettuato a pamela mastropietro.http://nomassoneriamacerata.blogspot.com/2018/02/lomicidio-di-pamela-mastropietro.htmla cui ha fatto seguito un rituale massonico nazifascista, effettuato proprio dal satanista assassino e pedofilo paolo cardena', portante alla divisione del corpo di pamela ( effettuata da medici legali massoni, come ai tempi del mostro di firenze: compari del pazzo omicida paolo cardena' di criminalissime cardena' and partners e cardena' consulting).questo link quadra ogni cosa, a propositohttp://m.dagospia.com/clamoroso-a-macerata-sospetti-su-un-giro-di-baby-squillo-dietro-l-omicidio-di-pamela-mastropietro-171763han poi trovato 4 loro scugnizzi nigeriani per girare a loro ogni colpa ( i quali, ora, in carcere, daltronde, avranno vitto e alloggio per un tot di tempo, piu' tanti soldi qua e la, ricevuti da questi massoni assassini, per stare zitti.. fra qualche anno escono dalle celle e sono ricchi). di questo ne scrivono e dicono noti massoni di estrema destra stessa, quali paolo franceschetti e gianfranco carpeoro, in realta', a livello di vero nome e cognome, gianfranco pecoraro, ( che, via mari di logge massoniche, son addentro da una vita a tutto questo tipo di omicidi, quindi sanno alla perfezione ogni cosa ed ammirevolissimamente ce ne fanno sapere)http://petalidiloto.com/2018/02/due-parole-sullomicidio-pamela-mastropietro.htmlhttp://petalidiloto.com/2012/12/intervista-carpeoro-su-massoneria-e.html


4questo e' sono un antipastino. i piatti forti arriveranno al piu' presto possibile.o il pedofilo spappola magistrati...o il pedofilo distruggi vite altrui silvio berlusconi.... ammette il male ingiustificatissimo fatto,.. ammette il male davvero ingiustissimo e killer, fatto ( sa' benissimo a che e chi mi riferisco). e risarcisce. o la giustizia la faro' io. nei suoi confronti e nei confronti di tutti i porci e vermi che radono al suolo vite di innocenti, per lui! per sua boria, satanazifascismo, cocaina, soldi mafiosi, arroganza, orge pedofilesche, scorciatoie sociali, prepotenza, egocentrismo, antidemocrazia, perversione, corruzione, vanita', brama di camminare a morte sulle esistenze altrui. o fatti o cazzi amari, da ora e per sempre, per gli assassini, stragisti, nazimafiosi, estremissimi criminali in fighettina e rubata cravatta: berlusconi!http://the8club-pasar-komoditi.blogspot.com/2018/06/sborrato-dentro-al-culo-luigi.html


that was 12 yeeers ago, dear.you can certainly vitsee howgracious our jesus is...love you.cya soon.be@peace.


nice knowledge gaining article. this post is really the best on this valuable topic.full stack development course


the not so secret life of bees


lol harlot you crack me up! for a moment there i thought you were back. you are beautiful! i am so glad you posted this. its good to know you two are doing what makes you happy.... i have been checking this blog once in a while because i miss you ladies so much! good luck and safe travel!


thank you, kristy. :)


thank you for updating! i still check regularly like kristy just in case.a song in the daylight was one of the most amazing books i have ever read. i wouldn't have picked it up if it wasn't for your recomendation since i thought i was ruined for all books after tbh. but i was not disappointed. then i read all her other books again and loved them too.jealous that you're travelling so much but i still hope you have an amazing time despite my envy :d


gabrielle, i'm glad you liked asitd. isn't it fascinating? there were moments i was so engrossed with the story i'd gasp and think, "omg this can't be!" you know i can't say i like larissa, but she's very real (i even know someone like her). i can't believe the things she has done in the book! it's easy to hate her but when you stop and think about it, i know i can't just point a finger and condemn her for her actions. she gets her comeuppance anyway.as for italy, thank you sweetie. :) i promise not to get caught up in some stupid scandal like that idiot amanda knox. :p


that's exactly why i thought the book was so amazing. i kept thinking of her kids and how she could do that to them but then i saw what she had with kai and i felt it was justified. i thought what they had was real *spoilers*but then that thing happened in the end and i started to hate kai. it just proved that he was really very young and immature.i couldn't believe the ending. it was heartbreaking.no one writes like ps. she's the only author who can do a story like that with it ending the way it did and still have you sympathising with all the characters.


*spoilers*i couldn't believe the ending either. i did not see it coming. but i think larissa deserves it and i think her family is better off without her. maybe sometimes we can excuse our actions because of "love" or lust, but in the end when she just watch kai--the man she said she truly loves--dying, omg! for me that's when i knew she's beyond redemption. i would have done everything, broken leg and all, crawled crawled and fucking crawled for his life and mine. i might not make it in time to get him an antidote, but i'd have done all that is possible to save his life.


gabrielle, have you read joey hill and sherry thomas?


i know what you mean. such an amazing book.nope, i've never heard of it. i was going to ask you for book recommendations because i have a feeling we have very similar tastes lol.what's it about?


remember those years it seemed like all romance authors were just recycling stuff? not the last two years imo. my top two: sherry thomas and joey hill. here are my top romance reads of 2008-09 :) (well the ones i remember). i hope i hope you'd try them.not quite a husband - sherry thomas (like double chocolate gateau you want to savor slowly because it's very very good.)a mermaid's kiss, a witch's beauty, a mermaid's ransom - joey hill (i am *so*in*love* with this series i will weep if she stops writing it.)angel's blood - nalini singh (rafael is one of the sexiest heroes i've ever encountered. the sexual tension on this book is so high i can lick it.)addicted - charlotte featherstonegoddess of the hunt - tessa darebound by your touch - meredith duranjust one of the guys - kristan higginsmadness of lord ian mackenzie - jennifer ashleydark desires after dusk - kresley coletairen soul series (4books) - c. l. wilsonember - bettie sharpestranger i married - sylvia dayi should mention these oldies because they are just so soo soooo good, sometimes might be better than sex:keeper of the dream - penelope williamsongarters - pamela morsiall through the night - connie brockwaya rose at midnight - anne stuart (love and hate, omg awesome!)to have and to hold - patricia gaffneyi blogged about the first 3. i read to have & to hold early 2008 after trollop and i stopped blogging so i didn't had the chance to rave about it. plus trollop shut me down when i said the hero, er, he's not heroish in the beginning. well she and i like different romances. she likes "perfect" stories with perfect heroes; i like angsty, passionate, dark madbadbad ones. even if the hero is a complete bastard and a raving lunatic, if i believe the romance will work i will take him.anyway, i said before that paradise by mcnaught was my all-time favorite romance. not anymore, now it's th&th. :)


wow- what an awesome opportunity you have. i hope you savor every moment but somehow find time to send us some lovely photos. i think we all know we can't hold you hostage in your blog for our benefit, but really, not having you regularly post is like missing a dear friend. please don't dismantle your site, i still like to read back entries for reviews to older books and ashamedly i admit, to get a hunk fix from time to time! take care and be safe, but more importantly- have much joy.


*squeals* you rock!!thank you soo much. i already have a hefty tbr pile but i have a feeling these ones are gonna creep to the top.perfect heroes are nice every now and then but the dark and tortured ones are a fave of mine. i adore paradise so a boom would have to be pretty awesome to be better than that.i've fallen in love with laura kinsale. i read all of her backlist when i discovered flowers for the storm and was in awe of all of them. it's taken her ages to release a new one but hopefully it will be worth the wait.


sheila: thank you. i have to say i'm thinking of taking down tbb around, maybe, march? i honestly don't see myself or trollop coming back to blogging so i thought what's the point? but with what you said now i'm not sure lol. :)gabrielle: i'm in a hurry lol, dinner out. just want to say please don't give up on th&th. i'll tell you now it's a very very dark book.this reviewew sums up everything that i feel about th&th.i found it after i read the book and went nuts. i had to look for books similar to it. i was desperate. i loved th&th so much i was afraid i wouldn't love any other romance novel anymore--very alarming--i didn't know what to do! i know, crazy no?


feeling slightly nervous about all the emphasis on how "dark" it is, but i'm up for it :)


so not fair! you were in oc (angels stadium)and didn't call?! i'm so disappointed. ;)glad you are having a good time. and italy! how exciting. enjoy italy thoroughly, guys, food, art and all.


so not fair. there are many sex toys for men they are used for good mental and physical health.


a song in the daylight


i haven't read this but i just want to say i am so glad you are back on-line. i have been checking this site once a week and felt like i was missing something important every time there was nothing new! i even took to reading old posts- yikes! hope all is going great with you so that you have time for more posts in the future.


dear sheila,how are you, gorgeous? really happy at least one of our beloved readers is still around. :)i wish i can say we will be blogging regularly again but that's not the case. :( i am truly sorry to say that. we do miss you guys. you made this little blog come alive, made our blogging experience soooo much fun and worth while. without you, it's nothing. thank you.i'm in nyc at the moment and trollop will be joining me soon. as for paullina's new book, you might be interested in this wee fact: she named a character after me. *i*know* (!!!!!) i guess, despite the fact i'm a shameless crazy heathen with no any talent whatsoever, she likes me hee. :d


hey, you are back! so glad! missed you guys so much! how are you and how is life?please stick around this time and keep posting, ok?i want to bitch to someone about “twilight” books and movies!


omg harlot!  so nice to hear from you again!  guess what?  i'm in the book business now. :d


i want to say welcome back from the above comment, i don't think you're staying :(it's really nice to see you back for however briefly though!paullina simons is coming out to australia for a book tour. me and a few friends are going to go visit and worship her for bringing us alexander lolhope you're enjoying new york!!


wow, i love your site! this book sounds great, can't wait to pick up my own copy and dive in! off to browse some more, just wanted to drop in and say hi!


i miss you ladies.... i have the time to come on here again and you are gone.... i hope your all doing well and are starting the new year with a bang!


very nice . data science training in noida


the beauty and the dude with serious anger management issues


wow! he is awful!  reminds me of a guy i met today.  so annoying!


john ziegler is a duf!  that's all there is...  he is making sarah palin look even worse!


translating my cv is driving me crazy. please help!


i'm not totally sure, but here are my guesses:1) sounds good to me, but i'm not a lawyer.2) i guess so. is it actually a degree?3) definitely.


i'm not an expert, but here's my two cents:1) we have something similar at some universities in canada.  i'm not sure how things work where you guys are, but it makes sense to me.2) i'm not really sure.  i've heard postgraduate studies and graduate studies used sometimes interchangeably.  i was never 100% sure if they were the same thing.  3)i agree with thomas, especially if you're arranging things in chronological order.  maintains the flow and it avoids it looking disorganized.


check out law degree terms here. http://www2.law.smu.edu/


at the bride hunt ball by olivia parker


i read this and i would like to say thank you for the recomendation!it was a cute, light read and i really did enjoy the fact that there weren't any major misunderstandings.i was surprised that olivia parker hasn't written anything else..i read it as an ebook so i didn't have to deal with the cover =d


this is a nice story, i'm done reading it.i really love julia quinn's novels/stories too :)


hi, really nice story. well done. it was pleasure to read it. many thanks


on regency characters that act as furnaces


perhaps all those layers conduct/cause heat?


i would agree with dance's logic. and remember, the heroes are always so intensely masculine and sexual that they are constantly exuding a powerful aura of sexual magnetism. this could be mistaken for warmth lol


i’m with gabrielle. those heroes are supposed to ooze so much hotness that any female in a 20 yard radius around will burn! lol


i just don't get why they have to feel the heat at all. we get they're alive you know lol


i think it's the whole idea of the "forbidden" under constrictive etiquette rules. to touch the wrist between the glove and sleeve, or to see the "shapely" ankle...that was risque.  maybe it's a combination of the heat of the male and the flush the female gets knowing she is doing something illicit and exciting.  personally, i think my husband is pretty hot and when he puts his hand at the small of my back, i can feel my whole back from neck to butt warm up.  plus, the back of his knees are really good at warming my cold toes up at night.


back at work :(


what about self-induce fever? make sure to show up at work with a pale and sickly complexion...this can usually be accomplished by smelling rancid meat and some make-up. make sure to sweat a lot too. that will usually make every one send you home hoping not to catch it.


nice post thanks for sharingg


"you still have time to order this before the wedding," he said.


who would want their virginity back? it was bad enough the first time. teehheee


exactly what i was thinking, lisa! it was horrible. all i remember is pain and tears, but why anybody would want to fake that crap is beyond me.


after doing russian jumps landing into front splits for 8 years while cheerleading, i broke mine long before the actual event of first time sex. are we really still caught up in the double standard of the guys having experience while the gals wait patiently for marriage- or even just to let a guy know he is the first one to break the barrier?  and do you really want to fake something like this just to please someone else? ugh. this totally makes the feminist in me come out strong. i think this sounds disgusting.


uhg, disgusting, indeed. but also funny. can't believe that stuff like that really sells, but i fear that it's a top seller.


i wish a happy new year to you.


belated merry xmas


should say that my boxer is 11 months old and my sister's chihuahua #1 is 3 months old.madrid (my boxer) is obsessed with don ramon. she follows him around all over the house sniffing his privates and just watching him with love-sick puppy eyes. don ramon, doesn't even acknowledge her most of the time. the woes of love lol


i was wondering what you ladies were up to.you should enter that picture into some sort of contest. it's truly hilarious. don ramon -with his pink ribbon (lmao)- looks scared.


when the duke returns


i feel as though i should like ej's books more than i actually do but quite often they don't fully work for me! i always tend to be more interested in the background romance than in the main characters.


that's the way i feel too, marg. i like ej's writing in general, but often i find she writes a good 3/4 of a story and then loses the plot or something. it just seldom hits all the emotional notes i would like it to.i still buy and read her books, though. i haven't read this latest one yet, but it's on the tbr shortlist.


this is next on my list, right now i am finishing cathy maxwell's a seduction at christmas and loving it.  as for ej, i have most of her books and she is one of the romance authors i try to pick up each book she writes.


i thought the book was really good at the beginning and then went to pieces toward the middle. the end was just ok imo.i'm really looking forward to reading jemma and beaumont.




 



help! need advice!
the not so secret life of bees
a song in the daylight
the beauty and the dude with serious anger managem...
translating my cv is driving me crazy. please help!
at the bride hunt ball by olivia parker
on regency characters that act as furnaces
back at work :(
"you still have time to order this before the wedd...
belated merry xmas
 
 




bitchin' archives




 
 








lucrezia borgia: life, love and death in renaissance italy
by sarah bradford
"this novel is about everything but lucrezia; promising outline, disappointing story."

the winter garden
by adele ashworth
"lovely writing style and passionate story line. you will fall in love with the winter garden and its characters."
 




harlot - keeper of the dream
by penelope williamson

trollop - mary: queen of scotland and the isles
by margaret george
 










terms of use
and privacy policy

© 2005-08 the book bitches



 


 
 









friday, february 26, 2010





help! need advice!
 
you’re probably wondering what i’m doing back here—and only after a few weeks! i can explain. when i stopped blogging early 2008 i also stopped checking our blog emails. my laziness almost made me miss a very important letter from someone very important to me. kicked myself for being so stupid, i tell ya. anyway, not wanting that to happen again, i since had our incoming blog emails forwarded to my personal email address.now, for some reason this blog still gets the usual letters from editors/authors/perverts, book related or sex related. most of them don’t need replies, or need to be ignored. tonight, however, i got a comment from a lovely romanian(?) reader, potenta. (never seizes to amaze me that you guys are still out there. *sniff*) i’m barely online these days but i know i *have* to do something about this one. here’s what she wrote:maybe it’s my genes... :)i’m a 41 year old woman and althow i enjoy having sex with my housband, i’m disapointed for the fact that i’ve never had an orgasm. i hear that for many women it just comes natural , but sadly it isn’t my case.althow i know many women have the same problem, and my comment is of no surpise to anyone, i want to do my best and find a solution.i’ve been thinking that maybe my housband isn’t as tender and loveable as he should, but curiosity has never pushed me so far as to cheat on him with another man. should i? could change be a solution?i’ve tried all sorts of pills and aphrodisiacs, but nothing so far...if you have any advise, please reply to this comment. i’ve just started posting for a couple of days, so i’ll be checking in often :)thank you!potenta

 13 comment(s)

posted by harlot at
                6:25 pm






 








tuesday, january 19, 2010





the not so secret life of bees
 

i just saw some of the comments from my previous post. the fact that some of you still visit, wow, i feel more awed than i can ever express... my darlings, you are lovely. oh how you warm my cruel heart. *sniffles*

i only wanted to pimp paullina’s new book, a song in the daylight. you all know how much i adore her. did i tell you she named a character after me? she’s the protagonist’s nutella-loving best friend. ;) despite the fact i’m a shameless spoiled cow whose talent only extends to shopping and shoes, paullina likes me. my only claim to fame is being raoul’s lover extraordinaire. who would have thought my name (and a little part of me) would be all over the pages of a book written by a beloved international bestselling author? i certainly didn’t expect it. it’s breathtaking and humbling at the same time.

back to the reason i’m here. (no, not to come back, sorry. :s) after reading those comments, i felt like the dimmest light in the tanning bed. how could i think i don’t owe our readers some kind of update? for four years you’d been our devoted friends, confidants, cheerleaders. since i know you can’t rely on that trollop, i should have done it myself a long time ago.

alright. basically, seeing as our lives aren’t romance novels (oh i weep!), trollop is still horrible and i’m still certifiable. last november she and i were supposed to meet in new york city for halloween. i went and traveled miles and miles, crossed freaking mountains and oceans, and guess what—or maybe you won’t—her evilness is limitless after all—*she* *stood* *me* *up* grrrrrr. what a fucking bitch.

she’s very busy. hmph. at the time she had to prepare a dissertation to take to puerto rico and then there’s that project whatsis she had to present in el salvador last december. this february she’ll be in nyc. (let’s all hope there’d be a huge winter storm as the thought of her freezing to death fills me with an indescribable joy.) after that i think madrid in may. i reluctantly report that she’s verra verra happy, with her pervy bf, a job she loves, happy with life in general really. of course we both know for her despicable act i will endeavor to torture and make her suffer for as long as i breathe.

as for me, travel travel travel. last year apparently i had too much time i toured the u.s. from west to east coast. this june i’ll be in italy. yep, you read that right. i-ta-ly, land of raooooooouls. (i’m grinning like an idiot here; can you blame me? just think of those sinfully finger-lickin’ nutella-licious italian men surrounding you ay dios mio.)

you know i feel like a deprived sexually ambiguous maniac on her first trip to sex toys la-la-land. like, woohooo finally finally fi-nal-ly! hey, only saying i’m excited, you perverts. for years i’ve been obsessed talking about it nonstop making your ears bleed and now i’m finally going. i already paid my tuition and accommodations so no one can stop me from going to live in florence attending a school there. sure, i must be the most horrible student in the history of the whole wide world but we’re talking of italy here! i’ll try my damnedest and study those gorgeous italian men’s anatomy passionately. ;p

please don’t be like my italian friend who said, and i quote, “i have already warned all my free friends, a horny nympomaniac filipina is about to come to italy. they are all hiding with chattering teeth.” he’s a bastard. i’m not going for the men! really! sheesh. fine, not only for them. i’m going to visit those beautiful cities. like i said, travel. amsterdam, brussels, paris, athens, budapest, prague, berlin, vienna, stockholm... europe is my oyster. *sigh*

how about you? how have you been? oh and while you’re at it, here are some photos from last year, including pages from asitd and the new tbh trade paperback paullina signed and graciously sent me. ciao.




labels: trollop and harlot’s stuff

 15 comment(s)

posted by harlot at
                8:37 pm






 








monday, november 2, 2009





a song in the daylight
 
a song in the daylightby paullina simonsformat: hardcover, 784 pagespublisher: harper collinsisbn-10: 0007305575isbn-13: 978-0007305575larissa stark is a beautiful woman who plays many roles in her life: wife, mother, devoted friend. she has everything she ever wanted, until a chance encounter with a stranger changes larissa′s idyllic existence forever, leading her to question all the things she once believed were true. faced with impossible choices and contemplating the unthinkable, larissa struggles with an eternal mystery: how does one woman follow a divided heart?spanning the upscale suburbs of new jersey, the slums of manila and the desolate beauty of the australian outback, a song in the daylight is a story of the bonds that unite us and the desires that drive us apart.from the author of tully and the bronze horseman comes another unforgettable novel of passion and heartbreak.visit paullina′s website for more info, including about her book tour in australia and new zealand. (big smooches to all.)labels: bitchin’ news

 8 comment(s)

posted by harlot at
                10:52 pm






 








tuesday, february 3, 2009





the beauty and the dude with serious anger management issues
 
i’m wondering if the u.s. political system is ever going to be rid of this idiot. even in this interview—where everything is on her side, where she’s probably being fed word-per-word what she has to say—she manages to sound like a 16-year-old cheerleader off to prom.sarah palin is an embarrassment to female politicians.on the other side, wow, i feel really bad for sarah for putting herself in the hands of this (so obviously) mentally deranged man john ziegler. funny how this clown thinks palin was exploited by the media; talk about the pot calling the kettle black. people would do anything for their 15 minutes of fame. too bad he’s so fugly, being good looking might have made these clips more interesting.labels: politics crap, youtubery

 2 comment(s)

posted by valvega at
                4:39 pm






 








monday, january 26, 2009





translating my cv is driving me crazy. please help!
 
hey guys. as you guys know english is my second language (spanish being my first). i’m working on submitting my cv to some international organizations.these are my questions:i have a bachelors in law (it’s different in latin america; we do 5 years of pure law with no prior degree in humanities or history or whatever it is you need in the u.s.). will this be understood? i mean, the bachelors in law term.i have a post-grad in economics (less than a masters, one year of school) but i can’t find a term for it in english. is postgraduate a correct term?i’m doing a “diplomado” (a qualification of 15 credits provided by the united nations). i have two questions about this: (1) this is a 4-month course but there are no terms for it that i can find to translate. would “certificate of advanced study in” or “certificate of qualification in” be proper wording to describe a course such as this? (2) i am doing my cv in chronological order and this certification is the last of my studies, but it’s a lot less important than my masters degree. would it be ok if i put it under my masters—though i’m still coursing it?i’d really be very grateful for any help you guys could give me. you have no idea how hard translating my cv has been. i have a headache that’s almost blinding me and i have to finish asap.labels: trollop and harlot’s stuff

 3 comment(s)

posted by valvega at
                8:08 pm






 








tuesday, january 20, 2009





at the bride hunt ball by olivia parker
 
i’m not even sure why i’m writing about this book; you all know i only write about books i either hate or love.though i can’t say i loved this book i was rather entertained by it. it’s wonderfully light-hearted and uncomplicated. no ridiculous plots or schemes. no stupid misunderstandings. for some reason it reminded me of julia quinn’s earlier writing style; a lot of funny moments, witty dialogue and pleasant characters, simple plot, sexy encounters, and tons of “coincidental” meetings between the h/h.i found myself grinning during some scenes and laughing during others. it’s almost like an episode of the bachelor adapted to the regency period. i can honestly say i found the simplicity of this novel refreshing.if you have an afternoon off one of these weekends curl up and read this book. don’t expect a masterpiece but enjoy it for what it is: a fun regency frolic with delightful characters and an embarrassing cover lol.to snare a bride...to gabriel devine, duke of wolverest, the bonds of marriage are nothing more than shackles. but if he’s to remain a lifelong bachelor, that leaves only his younger brother to carry on the family name. inviting the ton’s most eligible ladies to an elegant ball, gabriel is certain any one of them would be all too eager to become the next duchess and provide an heir—leaving gabriel to continue his ecstatic pursuit of pleasure.to catch a rogue...her social-climbing stepmother would give anything to have madelyn haywood betrothed to a future duke. but madelyn believes the brothers devine to be nothing more than heartless rogues—especially gabriel, whose rakish reputation precedes him. he is nothing more than a slave to passion, and she will not be conquered by his caresses —and yet his wicked ways tempt her so...labels: for the love of rakes and rogues, romance baby

 3 comment(s)

posted by valvega at
                11:24 am






 








friday, january 16, 2009





on regency characters that act as furnaces
 
i’m very confused. why is it that, in historicals—though the heroine wears gloves and the hero wears 10 layers of clothing—whenever the heroine touches him she can “feel” his heat? these people have thick barriers between their actual skins. are these men all suffering from fevers, do you suppose?labels: for the love of rakes and rogues, romance baby

 5 comment(s)

posted by valvega at
                2:22 pm






 








tuesday, january 6, 2009





back at work :(
 
i’m back at work (after two weeks off) and as i’ve mentioned about a million and one times i hate my job.we’re going away thursday for a long weekend at the beach/mountains and need an excuse to skive off work. i think i should use gastroenteritis to go mia, but if anyone else has ever used a better story, please don’t hesitate to let me know lol.labels: trollop and harlot’s stuff

 2 comment(s)

posted by valvega at
                11:13 am






 








monday, december 29, 2008





"you still have time to order this before the wedding," he said.
 
my bf emailed this link to my best friend who’s getting married this weekend—btw, she’s been living with my brother for 5 years lol:no more worry about losing your virginity. with this product, you can have your first night back anytime. insert this artificial hymen into your vagina carefully. it will expand a little and make you feel tight. when your lover penetrate, it will ooze out a liquid that look like blood not too much but just the right amount. add in a few moans and groans, you will pass through undetectable. it’s easy to use, clinically proven non-toxic to human and has no side effects, no pain to use and no allergic reaction.feature: · easy to use · place inside vagina 15-20 minutes before intercourse · soluble and expandable at body heat · clinically proven non-toxic to human · no side effects, no pain to use, no allergic reaction.this sounds positively disgusting ughhh.labels: fucking around, kinky lifestyle, trollop and harlot’s stuff

 5 comment(s)

posted by valvega at
                8:55 am






 













belated merry xmas
 
i’ve been soooooooooooooooo busy with wedding related stuff. we have over 300 guests coming to the wedding, including a bunch of international ones; things are crazy.on book 5 of hp reread. loving them all over again. *g*photo of my beautiful daughter with her baby cousin on xmas morning. she’s obsessed with that damn dog!labels: holidaze, trollop and harlot’s stuff, under hunky mistletoe

 2 comment(s)

posted by valvega at
                8:06 am






 








thursday, december 4, 2008





when the duke returns
 
i’m currently reading—and by currently i mean sneaking in reads at work!—when the duke returns by eloisa james. this novel is part of the “desperate duchesses” series. i read the previous three books and really enjoyed them. the truth is, to me, eloisa james can do no wrong (just remember, she isn’t a straight-romance writer, more like a shakespeare meets romance kinda gal).i’m on the eighth chapter of wtr and i can’t remember the last time i enjoyed a book this much; i am loving the characters and the story line.i hope no one develops a case of the stupid or a double personality disorder like it happens in so many books or else i’ll have to jump out a window!related: knock: a very common word, reallyeloisa james looks like a blond charlotte from sex and the citylabels: for the love of rakes and rogues, romance baby

 4 comment(s)

posted by valvega at
                1:32 pm






 





 

 



























 
 





 




