










home - amberleigh village homeowners association













































 












amberleigh village homeowners association


 










toggle navigation







home
pay dues online
homeowners/documents
our community

faqs
photos


contact

members
hoa documents










amberleigh village, west lafayette, indiana

welcome to the amberleigh village website!
this website exists to serve amberleigh village residents with information about their community, their homeowners association and to facilitate communication with the board of directors and main street management, the hoa management company serving amberleigh village residents.
    
join nextdoor.com and have a way to communicate with many of your neighbors. residents of amberleigh village can also join our google group email list to share ideas/concerns etc. to join this group, send an email with your name and address to avhoa.wlaf@gmail.com

facebook page for amberleigh village residences   http://www.facebook.com/105111932171274

amberleigh village street lights
some amberleigh village residents have asked about repairing the flickering street lights or suggested the need to add more street lights. unfortunately, the hoa is powerless when it comes to adding new street lights but we encourage you to give duke energy a call and ask about adding new street lights. also, here is a link to report street light problems: https://www.duke-energy.com/customer-service/request-light-repair

street repair information
the hoa has made several attempts to get our streets properly repaired. the last email from the city of west lafayette (august 2018) informed us that it would be several years before any major repairs can be made to our streets. call marcus smith at 765-775-5135 or email him at msmith@wl.in.gov if you wish to get more information about amberleigh village street repairs.

      visit our outdoor community bulletin board for the latest news

hoa documents (click to download and print)
application for approvalarchitectural standardsbylawscovenantsfence approval formmailbox replacement

      visit our outdoor community bulletin board for the latest news

board members
sunder ghosh – president – term expires 2024
yan ping xin – secretary – term expires 2025
uma aryal – treasurer – term expires 2025
       charles nderitu   director term expires 2024
       dr. dengfeng sun   director term expires 2024
community ambassador 
       kreesha saha
architectural committee 
      shubha subramanyam
nomination committee
        dr. prabhu nagabhushana
        dr. rajeswari sundarajan

annual assessment dues
annual assessments are due january 1st each calendar year.payments may be made online by clicking herepayments may be mailed to:
amberleigh village hoapo box 745lafayette, in 47902-0745

suggestions
the board of directors is always open to ideas, suggestions, comments, etc., etc.please use the link below to send the board any of your thoughts regarding this wonderful community.someone will respond back to you in 5-10 days.






help bring awareness to the speed limit of 25 mph  by placing a “please slow down” sign on your property. contact the amberleigh village manager to place a request for your free signs.
link: request for property signs




 
total page visits: 61827






















home
hoa documents
pay dues online
homeowners/documents
our community
faqs
photos
contact





                  © 2025 amberleigh village homeowners association
                



 















