






bailey island motel










































bailey island motel




about
about
amenities


explore


rooms, rates + reservations


reviews


contact us











bailey island motel



about/aboutamenities
explore/
rooms, rates + reservations/
reviews/
contact us/







































bailey island motel
your maine coastline escape is waiting ...



about







bailey island motel



about/aboutamenities
explore/
rooms, rates + reservations/
reviews/
contact us/



















































about







2041 harpswell islands roadnestled on tranquil bailey island in midcoast maine and located just over the world’s only cribstone bridge.













welcome to the bailey island motel—ideally situated to make the most of your maine vacation. whether you’re looking for solitude, great restaurants or to explore the many area attractions, the bailey island motel is unique. we are located within walking distance to the famous cook’s lobster & ale house, salt cod cafe, scenic cribstone bridge and a short walk to cedar beach, and ‘bigs’ the bailey island general store. also if you like hiking, harpswell heritage land trust has many trails on the islands that offer much to see.





















 





































reservationsall reservations require a minimum 2 nights stayamenitiesguests enjoy a coffee maker in the privacy of their mini suite. outdoor seating and an inground swimming pool are available to all our guests.enjoy a boutique shopping experience at bailey island mercantile! purchases will be packaged and sent to the guests’ mini suite.














    check availability
  




    purchase gift certificate
  



ratesprices vary depending on dates $99 to $249opening april 15 credit cardswe accept visa & mastercardall room rates are before tax, please note that a 9% sales tax will be added.rates reflect per night for one or two people per room.for every additional person in room it is an additional $25.00 per person per day.*facilities are for registered guests only

 

traveler reviews

 


“charming motel”

— khgraves



“charming motel in such a beautiful setting. very peaceful and quiet. restaurants a short walk from the motel. the perfect place to relax and enjoy the beauty of the island. the room was large, very clean and had a nice assortment of snacks and coffee.”




“want a nice tucked away hideaway relaxing cute motel that makes you feel at home ”

— bob s.



”this is an amazing motel that makes you feel at home!! two great restaurants right nearby the schooner alert is a great sailing ship with a great staff captain betheny and captain perry!! they take the time and effort to know each customer and love their job!! getting back to the motel is just perfect place to stay”




“amazing motel!!! it’s your home from home stay!”

— christina h.



“we just got back from maine and we stayed at bailey island motel! it was wonderful!!! beautiful location and the rooms are so warm and cozy! also the rooms give you the vibe of home from home feel! the staff is so nice and welcoming! cant wait to go back again”




“i have just found the address of heaven”

— harriett t., austin tx



"i just sent my friends an e-mail to tell them that i have just found the address of heaven. we have enjoyed this place so much i want to come back every year."




“wheelchair access with style and a welcoming atmosphere near brunswick & midcoast attractions”

— katherine m | tripadvisor



“i just returned from a 4 night stay that was a real pleasure. it was my first time traveling with an electric wheelchair and i was nervous about whether everything would be manageable. unit 1 is wheelchair accessible without looking out of place with other units. brick approach to entrance fits decor and doesn't look like an obvious wheelchair ramp. i loved the color scheme and mid-century vibe. main room has enough space to maneuver, helped by a pocket door leading to the bathroom. bathroom has both a standard bathtub/combo at one end as well as a barrier free/roll in shower at the other end of room. shower seat is provided though i ended up using my own shower chair. best accessibility feature is the friendly, helpful staff who went out of their way to be hospitable and make my stay work. would gladly return!”




“amazing, remodeled, a perfect experience!”

— amy a | tripadvisor



“my fiance and i stayed at the remodeled bailey island motel during memorial day weekend. the island was just beginning to "buzz" so we were able to enjoy the calm and soak in the sights. mindy and jeff were excellent hosts and it is clear that they thought about every single aspect of this remodel; from the outdoor furniture to the shower curtains not a spot was missed. the air conditioning was perfect for cooling the day and we left the windows open at night for the ocean breeze. with a remodel, comes a renewed aesthetic making this 90's girl swoon giving "the jetsons" meets drive-in theater vibes. theres ample grilling space and so many tables for outside eating. the road the motel is on is very walkable and its a short morning coffee walk to the beach and light stroll to the general store. be sure to check out the on-site shop too, there are lots of treasures you wont find anywhere else. do not pass this place up!”




“ideal location close to beautiful waterfront restaurants”

— melissa, usa



“motel met or exceeded all our expectations. rivals many of the major chains. ideal location close to restaurants and beautiful views of the ocean.”- roger, usa, booking.com




“a bailey island gem!”

— family b | tripadvisor



“our friends and family have stayed at this wonderful hotel on bailey island in august 2022 and most recently this past weekend in october 2022. both times, they have had excellent experiences! the hosts are friendly and very responsive addressing any issues or concerns which is very much appreciated. the decor is fabulous and the beds are very comfortable. all the extra touches (such as complimentary water bottles, coffee, refrigerator and microwaves in each room) make a big difference. we always plan to host our family and friends at the bailey island motel!”




“nicely remodeled, clean and comfortable. 5 stars.”

— barbara c | tripadvisor



“sister’s weekend getaway. friendly hosts. very clean and spacious accommodations. bottled water in room upon arrival was a nice touch. beds were super comfortable. nicely kept property. shout out for the fresh garden flowers. can’t wait to stay here again.”




“perfect for our wedding guests”

— samantha o | tripadvisor



“i booked multiple rooms for friends and family to stay at for my wedding on bailey island, and i'm so happy i did. they were by far the most professional, comfortable, and clean accommodations for our guests. everyone had only positive things to stay about their stay. my only regret is that myself and husband didn't stay there for our wedding night!”




“beautiful, updated and clean motel! perfect for our family!”

— margaretryand | tripadvisor



“our family stayed at the motel for 3 nights; the owner mindy and her husband made it such a personal experience! so friendly and welcoming. the rooms were very clean and all updated in mid century modern decor. lots of space for our teen children to run around and play football and soccer. very close to some good restaurants. highly recommend the stay!”




“perfect spot on bailey island”

— laura b | tripadvisor



“i got married on bailey island and worked with mindy to get room blocks for my guests. not only was mindy a delight to work with, but our guests loved staying at the bailey island motel. the motel was just remodeled in 2022 and our guests were happy that all of their rooms had a sitting area and kitchenette with new and updated furniture. the motel is in an excellent location that is walkable to everything the island has to offer: public beach, multiple restaurants, and scenic overlooks.”




“best weekend”

— grupposo2022 | tripadvisor



“my boyfriend and i just spent the weekend at this lovely place. very clean, bed very comfortable. staff very friendly. great location. very quiet at night, would definitely go back. at the end of the road there is a great gift shop two floors. cook’s lobster and ale house is not far, within walking distance. nice pool and lounge area at this motel.”

 











































































 

your maine coastline escape is waiting. your hosts rachel & tammy look forward to sharing the beauty of the maine coastline with you.




    contact us
  

 






reservationsall reservations require a minimum 2 nights stay




    check availability
  



social distancing for adherence to state regulations and the continued health and safety of our guests and employees, social distancing must be practiced and enforced. please, if you are not currently feeling well, are concerned about exposure to covid 19, or experience symptoms during your visit, we ask that you visit another time!!!!! currently, the state of maine has no travel restrictions. this is subject to change based on statistics as they occur.




    keep maine healthy
  




 


 


























































privacy policy





 





