









homepage - colorado society of osteopathic medicine



































































 












 



home
about

officers & trustees
pledge
osteopathic medical student coalition
news
advertising


what is a do?
advocacy

legislative report
colorado general assembly


membership

membership renewal


contact
























renew
your membership 
							join the growing family of osteopathic doctors in colorado 
							renew 
							more information 
next slide 





 





colorado society of osteopathic medicinein existence since 1976 and recognized as a nonprofit organization by the state of colorado and federal government, csom exists to promote the public health and the art and science of osteopathic medicine by:


tell congress to strengthen and expand rural gme
we have an upcoming s. 230/h.r. 834 bill titled the rural physician workforce production act to increase the physician workforce in rural areas.
this bill is important to the osteopathic medical education community. please consider filling out your information on the page and let your congressperson and senators know you urge their support.






educationpromoting high standards of osteopathic education and by advancing the professional knowledge of surgery, obstetrics, and the prevention, diagnosis and treatment of disease in general;
researchstimulating original research and investigation which includes collecting and disseminating the results of such work for the continuing education and improvement of the profession and the ultimate benefit of humanity;
expansionencourage the establishment and expansion of the training and education of osteopathic physicians within the state of colorado; and
evolutionensure that the evolution of the osteopathic principles shall be an ever-growing tribute to andrew taylor still, md, do who made possible osteopathy as a science.


aboutcolorado society of osteopathic medicine


csom is accredited by the american osteopathic association as a provider of category 1-a continuing medical education providing high quality osteopathic medical educational opportunities to osteopathic physicians, residents and students as well as allopathic physicians in the state.
csom supports the expansion of osteopathic graduate medical education to increase ogme opportunities in the state of colorado for graduates of rocky vista university and other osteopathic colleges of medicine.
csom represents the unique perspective of osteopathic physicians to state legislative and regulatory agencies providing the profession a voice.


discover more about do doctors



upcoming cme february 14-16, 2025
exploring the tide
r. paul lee do faao fca
learning objectives
this intermediate course in osteopathic diagnosis and treatment presents information and palpatory experience that heretofore has not been available through colleges of osteopathic medicine or other teaching venues. it is the product of the clinical experience of r. paul lee, do, faao, fca, dabma. we will explore how the whole of the body expresses interrelationships through the fascia and how treating one part of the body influences and is influenced by other parts. those who have taken a percussion hammer course will recognize the relationships we teach in this course, but without the vibrator.
on day two, we will learn the intricate querying method that my practice and life has become entwined with, primary response testing. this method uses the silent questioning of the mind of the practitioner to communicate with the ultimate intelligence of the tide to receive yes, or no responses to elucidate the problem within the patient’s body to answer questions of the operation of the universe.
on day three we palpate the interior of the cranium in a progressive fashion that teaches the novice a means to find whatever nucleus, vessel, or membrane needs assistance


read morecolorado society of osteopathic medicineosteopathic medical student coalition (omsc)


omsc is the newly established student chapter of the colorado society of osteopathic medicine. we function as a student component of csom with representation on the executive board ensuring the cumulative voice of the students of osteopathic medicine is part of each discussion. omsc brings into one organization the students of medicine enrolled at fully accredited institutions granting doctorates of osteopathic medicine (do) in the state of colorado. we serve as a student voice in the community to promote public health and the art and science of osteopathic medicine; promote high standards of osteopathic education; encourage active participation in the legislative process to advocate for our patients and our profession; and ensure that the evolution of the osteopathic principles shall be an ever-growing tribute to andrew taylor still, m.d., d.o. who made possible osteopathy as a science.
membership is free to all enrolled colorado do candidates.
want to get involved? students are free and can sign up by contacting kimberly st. john. contact: kimberly st. john, omsc chair kimberly.stjohn@co.rvu.edu


join omsc












i pledgeosteopathic pledge


as members of the osteopathic profession, in an effort to instill loyalty and strengthen the profession, we recall the tenets on which this profession was founded.  the dynamic interaction of mind, body and spirit, the body’s ability to heal itself and the primary role of the musculoskeletal system and preventive medicine as the key to maintain health.  we recognize the work our predecessors have accomplished in building the profession and we commit ourselves to continuing that work.  therefore:
i pledge to 
 provide compassionate, quality care to my patients,
partner with them to promote health,
display integrity and professionalism throughout my career,
advance the philosophy, practice and science of osteopathic medicine,
continue life-long learning,
support my profession with loyalty in action, word and deed, and
live each day as an example of what an osteopathic physician should be.



news and eventsnews
october 28, 2024 announcement of new executive directorthe csom board of trustees has hired a new executive director, isabel fabela. isabel is based in colorado and she is also the current coordinator of the tracks and special...news, newsletter

february 1, 2024 upcoming board meeting schedulebelow are the board of trustees’ upcoming board meeting dates. may 23, 2024 august 15, 2024 november 21, 2024 february 20, 2025news

september 29, 2021 we need your help!we need your participation to help reach the organizational goals of physician education, research and monitoring the colorado legislative  process.  if you are already a member, thank you for your...news, rvucom

august 31, 2021 new rocky vista university college of osteopathic medicine (rvucom) student section of csomnew in 2021, students at rvucom recently formed their own organization that supports csom called osteopathic medical student coalition (omsc). they recently filled leadership positions which could serve as a...news

april 9, 2021 new executive directorthe csom board of trustees has hired a colorado based executive director. laura folsom, has more than 30 years of experience working with nonprofit organizations primarily in the healthcare sector....
meet the board membersofficers and trustees





david ross, do, facep
board member
president
contact the president
joseph stasio, do, facoep
broad member
past president
ellice goldberg, do
board member
past president/ secretary/
treasurer
contact the secretary/treasurer
william
mandell, do, jd
board member
sarah boulos, do
board member
gregory hollar, do
board member
neha n valeja, do
board member
ann trawick, do
board member
kimberly st. john
omsc chair
student representativeupcoming board meeting datesfor board of trustees


may 23, 2024
august 15, 2024,
november 21, 2024
february 20, 2025


contact usget in touch







name *email address *phone numbermessage0 / 180 send message



 






contact

colorado society of osteopathic medicine
isabel fabela, executive director
303-748-0825
infocodomed@gmail.com
po box 630754
highlands ranch, co
80163
email: contact us via email



links

copic – physician professional liability insurance
cphp
american osteopathic association
colorado medical board
the center for personalized education for physicians (cpep)
the colorado trust
corhioconnect



affiliates

dof
csof



membership application
click here to download the membership application.










contact us
privacy policy
refund policy & security
terms of use
 

© copyright 2022, colorado society of osteopathic medicine 






























































 


