







academic affairs - university of florida














  











skip to main content

academic affairs
school logo link








menu
 




university of florida









info for


prospective students
current student
faculty & staff
alumni & friends
visitors & families





resources


contacts & support
gatorcloud
courses
myufl
plaza
ufapps
one.uf
help desk










  university of florida 

menu




about the office

reporting units
leadership
provost's office staff areas of responsibility

leadershipnews & announcementsresources

resources for faculty
resources for administrators
dual career services
online forms
tuition exchange program
uf rental facilities
initiatives

policies

academic degree programs
faculty recruitment and retention
in-class recording
material and supply fees
reading days policy
required minimal canvas usage 
social media account approval
tenure and promotion information
textbook adoption information
office hours guidance

reporting unitsawards

faculty career plan
uf internal awards
faculty fulbright support
highly prestigious external awards
uf award totals
contact






































office of the provost
the office of the provost advances academic excellence — overseeing teaching, scholarship and academic affairs, and managing academic leadership and policies.










provost's welcome


greetings. we support faculty, students, and staff in pursuing academic excellence, meaningful scholarship, and career advancement. here you’ll find resources, news, administrative leadership contacts, faculty updates, and more.


 meet the interim provost


 

about the office of the provost
the office of the provost’s purview includes faculty affairs, curriculum, institutional policies, and academic strategic initiatives.







our leadership team






reporting units






honors & awards






policies


 








faculty resources






administrative resources






recruiting, hiring, & retention






promotion, tenure, & review


 





 

							academic degree programs and courses
        				



programs and courses that provide structured educational paths and classes intended to impart knowledge, skills, and qualifications in fields of study.
academic degree programs






    faculty update newsletter
  



newsletter with faculty announcements, honors and awards, events, and other relevant news for faculty.
faculty update






    textbook adoption
  



textbook requirements for courses and related resources available from uf and the state of florida.
textbook adoption






    online faculty evaluations
  



information about the online course evaluation process, including guidance on feedback, key dates and deadlines, and relevant links.
gatorevals






    tenure and promotion information
  



information about the online course evaluation process, including guidance on feedback, key dates and deadlines, and relevant links.
tenure and promotion






    clas dean search
  



information about the ongoing search for the new dean of the college of liberal arts and sciences.
clas dean search






    cota dean search
  



information about the ongoing search for the new dean of the college of the arts.
cota dean search


 












as one of the nation’s most comprehensive public universities, uf offers abundant opportunities for faculty to find colleagues with shared interests and to establish collaborations across departments, disciplines, and colleges
 —joe glover, interim provost













uf ai
 uf is a national leader in artificial intelligence in higher education, with far-reaching impacts for students and faculty.
learn more








quest
 uf quest offers a shared academic experience for undergraduate students, preparing them to become leaders in the production and transmission of knowledge, instilling essential skills for post-graduate success, and supporting retention efforts.
learn more








uf jacksonville
 university of florida and jacksonville city leaders have committed to a partnership to explore creating a new graduate campus in jacksonville focused on the introduction of innovative programs in medicine, business and engineering.
learn more


 







6,600
faculty members



350+
ai-focused professors



11,225
distinct courses








faculty and university news








new student success leader
student success has a new champion at the university of florida.






cup o' joe: episode 3
join interim provost joe glover on a frigid trip to the beach, a visit to the whitney laboratory, and an encounter with salad (and marine animals).






educators should embrace ai
a uf academic leader argues that educators should craft assignments to embrace ai text generation.






key committee chairs named
two professors with long experience in curricular matters will chair the committees charged with reviewing the university of florida’s curriculum.






clas professor leads uf quest
a uf professor in the college of liberal arts and sciences will serve as the new leader of the signature core undergraduate education program.






cup o' joe: episode 1
in cup o’ joe’s debut, professors kati migliaccio & jane southworth discuss ai’s future at uf with provost joe glover, with cameos by uf celebrities.






cup o' joe: episode 2
in this episode, dr. glover and cultural plaza and college of the arts leaders talk facility upgrades, featuring banana art and acoustical draperies.







uf unveils navigator ai
first comprehensive, self-service ai platform among u.s. higher education institutions offers students, faculty, and staff safe, broad ai services.






engineering dean search cont.
interim provost announces engineering dean search advisory committee and search for the dean of the wertheim college of engineering. 






searches for cota, clas deans
committees selected to lead searches for college of the arts and the college of liberal arts and sciences deans.






interim vice provost named
dr. angela lindner to serve as interim vice provost of undergraduate affairs.






academic mgmt initiative
streamlining academic management plan launched to support students in advancing through their degree programs and graduating on time. 






uf program enhances safety
groundbreaking initiative at the university of florida helps state school officials enhance safety measures by leveraging data.






uf curators utilize ai
the florida museum of natural history creates curatorial positions for ai to develop machine learning tools to study specimens. 




‹
›


more news and announcements


 















facebook icon



twitter icon



instagram icon



youtube icon









linkedin icon





office of the provost
university of floridagainesville, fl 32611uf operator: (352) 392-3261


resources

report discrimination, harassment, or misconduct
jobs
public records
regulations
policies
title ix



campus

weather
campus map
student tours
academic calendar
events



website

a-z listing
accessibility
online/internet privacy statement
text-only version







© 
                                  university of florida


accessibility


privacy statement


acceptable use policy


text only
















