










new wiscap homepage - wiscap

































































 

















who we are
what we do

training

skills training new
virtual training new


programs
advocacy
research


find an agency
join the movement

wiscap announces new executive director 
wiscap receives $1.2 million diaper distribution grant
wiscap statement regarding social development commission (sdc)


careers
 





select page


  
 



 



 










wisconsin’s poverty fighting network

notice: jan. 29, 2025 – the wiscap board of directors and leadership met for an emergency meeting on tuesday, january 28 to discuss the current administration’s freeze on all federal grants and loans. as of right now, no member agency programs or services have been affected by this freeze. we will continue to monitor the situation and keep our network updated as needed. as wisconsin’s official, and only, statewide network of poverty fighting agencies, we remain committed to serving our members and those who depend on those agencies to address the grinding poverty that exists in our rural, urban, and suburban communities. if you have any questions about any services our member agencies provide, please visit our find an agency page of our website to contact the wiscap member in your area.


wiscap is wisconsin’s official, and only, statewide network of poverty fighting agencies. alongside our members, our network is responsible for operating food banks and pantries, homeless and domestic violence shelters, headstart and early childhood programs, and many, many more. with over six decades of documented impact, our members do it all to make wisconsin a better place to live.






make a donation




join the movement










learn more about wiscap and the incredible work of our members





member agencies




pandemic relief aid distributed 







what we do







programs
each local community action agency provides a unique combination of programming to meet locally determined needs and goals.


learn more



policy & advocacy
wiscap helps advocate for community resiliency, solutions to address poverty, and enhance financial stability.


learn more



training & events
wiscap provides an annual menu of trainings to help member agencies and community partners develop capacity and connect to the broader community action movement.


learn more



research
wiscap works to deepen the networks’ ability to drive new research, enhance public communications and author publications on poverty.


learn more







our impact







the wisconsin community action network has always believed we can achieve the impossible. for more than a half-century, we have dreamed big and pushed the boundaries to help everyone in wisconsin thrive. we believe that focusing our energy on our most vulnerable, lowest-income neighbors creates lasting change for our whole community. given our unique history, the wisconsin community action network is often called on to help tackle statewide problems and emergencies. one of the ways our network stepped in was during the pandemic, wiscap and our member agencies were responsible for distributing over $725 million dollars in direct aid and pandemic relief. across the nation, wisconsin was one of the first states to successfully pilot large scale rental assistance programs to prevent mass evictions and keep wisconsinites in their homes. we are proud of the strength and possibility of our poverty fighting network.


happening now





wiscap announces new executive director 

jan 29, 2025for immediate release january, 15, 2025  for more information, please contact: tom behnke operations & outreach manager (608) 296-0024 tbehnke@wiscap.org   wiscap announces new executive director  madison, wi – wisconsin community action program association...






community action standards of excellence


connect to the wisconsin community action network








upcoming events








22 & 23
may






2024 annual conference
wiscap’s annual conference brings together community action agency staff, board members, and community partners around essential topics such as food security, affordable housing and homeless services, weatherization, childcare, and economic development.


learn more







9 & 10
october






poverty matters conference
as wisconsin’s only statewide conference, the poverty matters conference serves as a regional platform to raise awareness on issues impacting low-income families.


learn more






view the full calendar








wiscap member agencies




















































































find an agency







why support wiscap?



wiscap is wisconsin’s official, and only, statewide network of poverty fighting agencies. alongside our members, our network is responsible for operating food banks and pantries, homeless and domestic violence shelters, headstart and early childhood programs, and many, many more. with over six decades of documented impact, our members do it all to make wisconsin a better place to live.






make a donation




sponsorship opportunities








ending poverty to ensure all wisconsinites thrive

the wisconsin community action program association is a member association serving the statewide network of sixteen locally-controlled community action agencies (caa) and two special purpose agencies, foundation for rural housing and umos. incorporated in 1974, wiscap traces its origins to the historic “war on poverty” and has throughout its history advocated for community-informed policies and greater resource mobilization for its member agencies and the people they serve.
our program focus areas are based on the needs of low-income people and the focus areas of our member agencies.






housing stabilitywiscap supports several statewide efforts to ensure everyone has a place to call home.

learn more



workforce development & economic securitywiscap supports statewide efforts to ensure everyone has the skills and opportunities needed to achieve economic stability.

learn more



health & food securitywiscap’s supports statewide health & food security efforts to ensure everyone has access to healthy nutritious food.

learn more







join our newsletter




success!



name



email





subscribe now

























30 w. mifflin street,
suite 406, 
madison, wi 53703    |    (608) 244-4422
 

























































