






home - valley supply, co.





 








































 skip to main content

homeproductsservicesresourcesquotenav 

valley supply, co.


717-697-8259


 home

specials and sales
product line

concrete chemicals
erosion control & site accessories
metal reinforcement products
forming accessories
bulletin #15 penn-dot approved materials
waterproofing | caulking | waterstops | air barrier systems
trench drain systems
epoxies | coatings | grouts | cementous repair mortars
miscellaneous | safety equipment | construction supplies
vapor barriers & polyethylenes
small tools, safety equipment, hardware, power tools presented by sphere 1


about us

history
our team


services

rebar fabrication
rebar placement drawings




did you know?
industry information
news
industry resources
valley supply racing
request a quote







valley supply is committed to adding value to our customers’ projects through quality products and excellent customer service.contact our teamabout valley supplyvalley supply has been in business for more than 40 years; specializing in rebar fabrication, concrete chemicals, penn-dot forming and accessories, geotextiles and silt sock, waterproofing and caulking materials and trench drains.contact our teamowners lisa and harvey always put the customer 1st.  our staff has the experience and knowledge to make sure our products and services work with your application.  our motto speaks for itself “our concrete ideas = your industrial solutions”.about valley supply





product line & equipment

small tools, safety equipment, hardware, power tools presented by sphere 1concrete chemicalserosion control & site accessoriesmetal reinforcement productsforming accessoriesbulletin #15 penn-dot approved materialswaterproofing | caulking | waterstops | air barrier systemstrench drain systemsepoxies | coatings | grouts | cementous repair mortarsvapor barriers & polyethylenesmiscellaneous | safety equipment | construction supplies










dot, concrete accessories, industrial materials and more:
valley supply has been a distributor of high-quality concrete accessories and restoration products since 1977. every day we work with this slogan in mind:
our concrete ideas = your industrial solutions
our outstanding product knowledge and customer-oriented work ethic helps our staff ask the right questions to offer a cost-effective solution to any concrete problem, creating confidence your project is done correctly and you will only need to perform once.
valley supply is a small but industrious and dynamic business that covers the entire state of pa, northern md, wv & southern ny.
let our decades of knowledge and relationships with our manufacturers add value to your next project, working as a trusted partner to help you remain profitable and efficient.
our mission statement:  
to grow with our customers offering unparalleled service, profitable solutions, and professional relationships while creating an atmosphere for our employees that encourages teamwork and dedication. 

view our services
view our manufacturers
 
 










address & contact
meet our team






mailing address
							p.o. box 599
							mechanicsburg, pa 17055




							tel. 717-697-8259
							fax 717-697-0380







how can we help?

name(required)


first



last

email(required)

phonemessage(required)captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 

















© 2025 valley supply, co.

request a quote
site map


site design by sharp innovations



























