






bartender boats






















































 




















 





homecontactour boats history design and construction performancemedia photo gallery videos in the news facebook feedbartender talesfaqshelp linksboat plans 19′ bartender 20.5′ bartender 22′ bartender 26′ bartender sport fishing 26′ bartender cruising 29′ bartender 22′ timbercoast sailboatsshop my account products boat plans hats cart checkout










previousnextorder your planscomplete boat plans for bartenders 19' thru 29'  & timbercoast 22'
welcome to bartender boats
the bartender, a boat first used for u.s. coast guard service in the pacific nw over 40 years ago, is a practical, safe, and economical rough water boat which has been recognized worldwide for use recreationally and in a variety of demanding industries including the alaska oil industry and australian surf patrol. if you consider extreme seaworthiness and classic appearance among the top attributes of a boat design then consider a bartender – a serious offshore boat that will bring you home. 
exceptional seaworthiness!
the  bartender attributes this to the following three components of the design:
 1. a balanced hull with engine placement near the center of buoyancy.
2. a light and seaworthy double-ended stern which lifts to following waves.
3. dory flare to the hull sides and ends producing reserve buoyancy unheard of in modern production boats. 
 
george calkins designs
legendary designer george calkins combined these ingredients (and a great deal of style) to produce a unique boat design that continues to appeal to discriminating rough water boat enthusiasts worldwide. read a bit about him in a tillamook herald news article.
we supply the plans so that you can browse the design, build your own boat or have someone else build it for you. 
  
“how to build” resources
 join the forum online to see more photos, information, and be involved in detailed conversations about everything bartender or check out our  videos. 
 
complete boat plans available !!!
 bartender boats supplies complete building plans and instructions for all the bartender models – 19’ through 29’. 
 
 








contact
 253-651-6561
 boatinfo@bartenderboats.com
contact us










(c) 2025 bartender boats  –  “salty, snappy, seaworthy”











 






x





				search			





top








				search			









×shopping cart
fall is a good time to buy plans! dismiss 























