






bahti indian arts














































bahti indian arts



about us


find us!



fine art gallery
sandpaintings
fine art
roger perkins-sosakete



eclectic collection
eclectic collection



pottery
hopi pottery
tewa pottery
zuni pottery
navajo pottery
storytellers & figurines
wedding vases
acoma pottery
more: jemez, zia, tohono o'odham, kewa, isleta...
canteens



baskets
hopi baskets
tohono o'odham baskets
more baskets!



treasure chest
nwc 
seri indian carvings
much more



navajo textiles
large rugs
crystal, wide ruins and chinle
saddleblankets
yei'i rugs, pictorials, teec noc pos
two grey, ganados klagetohs, raised outlines
vintage weavings
storms, twills and other patterns



hopi katsinas
katsina 1
katsina 2
flat dolls-putskatihu
clowns!
sculptural style
hopi rattles
highly detailed carvings
zuni kokko
vintage and old style
small katsina dolls
hopi benefit



zuni+ fetishes
santa fe
tucson
fetish necklaces


video library



jewelry
buckles and bolas
pins & pendants
bracelets
concha belts
earrings
necklaces
squash blossom necklaces
more silver
vintage jewelry
spotlight


press


collectors' gallery















about us/
find us!/
fine art gallery/sandpaintingsfine artroger perkins-sosakete
eclectic collection/eclectic collection
pottery/hopi potterytewa potteryzuni potterynavajo potterystorytellers & figurineswedding vasesacoma potterymore: jemez, zia, tohono o'odham, kewa, isleta...canteens
baskets/hopi basketstohono o'odham basketsmore baskets!
treasure chest/nwc seri indian carvingsmuch more
navajo textiles/large rugscrystal, wide ruins and chinlesaddleblanketsyei'i rugs, pictorials, teec noc postwo grey, ganados klagetohs, raised outlinesvintage weavingsstorms, twills and other patterns
hopi katsinas/katsina 1katsina 2flat dolls-putskatihuclowns!sculptural stylehopi rattleshighly detailed carvingszuni kokkovintage and old stylesmall katsina dollshopi benefit
zuni+ fetishes/santa fetucsonfetish necklaces
video library/
jewelry/buckles and bolaspins & pendantsbraceletsconcha beltsearringsnecklacessquash blossom necklacesmore silvervintage jewelryspotlight
press/
collectors' gallery/


































fine indian art for 75 years











about us/
find us!/
fine art gallery/sandpaintingsfine artroger perkins-sosakete
eclectic collection/eclectic collection
pottery/hopi potterytewa potteryzuni potterynavajo potterystorytellers & figurineswedding vasesacoma potterymore: jemez, zia, tohono o'odham, kewa, isleta...canteens
baskets/hopi basketstohono o'odham basketsmore baskets!
treasure chest/nwc seri indian carvingsmuch more
navajo textiles/large rugscrystal, wide ruins and chinlesaddleblanketsyei'i rugs, pictorials, teec noc postwo grey, ganados klagetohs, raised outlinesvintage weavingsstorms, twills and other patterns
hopi katsinas/katsina 1katsina 2flat dolls-putskatihuclowns!sculptural stylehopi rattleshighly detailed carvingszuni kokkovintage and old stylesmall katsina dollshopi benefit
zuni+ fetishes/santa fetucsonfetish necklaces
video library/
jewelry/buckles and bolaspins & pendantsbraceletsconcha beltsearringsnecklacessquash blossom necklacesmore silvervintage jewelryspotlight
press/
collectors' gallery/































fine indian art for seventy-five years

 










updated on february 17th lots of additions to the navajo pottery gallery with more coming!













an exceptionally fine acoma jar by frederica anotnio. 6 by 6.5 inches. $2400 (tucson)























raven tail titanium earrings by pat pruitt in collaboration by  crystal kaakeeyaá, tlingit from the raven moiety. the ones at left are 4 inches long and $250. the smaller ones are 2.5 inches long and $150. (tucson) we have others in a range of colorations and would be happy to email you photos.
















a bronze bear by sheridan oman. 6.25 inches tall. $800 tucsonprintmaker, painter, and sculptor sheridan winslow oman (1926-1997)oman studied art under george grosz and kenneth hayes miller at the art students league in new york city, and for two years he worked at the bronx zoo as a staff artist. in the early 1970s he remarried and moved to tucson, arizona with his second wife, pearl, herself a painter.  a gifted printer, painter and sculptor (both clay and bronze) he worked for eleven years as a keeper in the bird section of the arizona-sonora desert museum and then, at the bronx zoo as a staff artist, creating a variety of works in different mediums that featured local wildlife. he also illustrated wildlife guides, including animal kitabu (1968, elek books, jean-pierre hallet); the easy field guide to common desert mammals of arizona (1976, tecolote press, dick and sharon nelson); and birds at a glance (1984, van nostrand reinhold, blachly, jenks, oman).   in 2013 an extensive exhibition of his work, including paintings, prints, drawings, and sculptures, was held by the arizona-sonora desert museum (asdm) at its art institute,with a catalogue of his works titled in search of sheridan oman: the art of a desert recluse. of his work, the director of the museum, craig ivanyi, noted: "...sheridan oman's...medium was art, but [his] language was nature. he demonstrated not only a deep understanding of the natural world, but also a longing to present this to others so they could come to know it as he had."  this bear was cast as an unnumbered edition by the foundry desert crucible about 1990 when this very reclusive artist began to sign his work “d winslow” so that “people would stop asking me for works”.













a navajo bracelet from the period 1940-1950s, set with top grade natural spiderweb turquoise from the #8 mine in nevada. 5/8 inch wide. made for a medium wrist but can be opened to fit a medium-large. $675 (tucson)













a wonderful pictorial jar with a square neck by the late and very talented navajo pottery artist, lorraine williams. (1955-2024) 9.5 inches tall. $525. (tucson)













this pendant is by duane maktima, it is set with rosarita (gold slag), turquoise, and healerite.  2.5 inches long and $975. (tucson) more from duane in our jewelry spotlight page.


























two views of a 3-d pictorial vase by elizabeth manygoats. 4.5 by 5 inches.$190 (tucson)

 









view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize







view fullsize









no wonder this sio hilili by ryan gashweseoma took a prize at this year’s santa fe indian market competition. 15.5 inches tall. $1600. (santa fe) a yungya, or cactus katsina by randy howato. 12 inches and $375. (tucson) an umtoinaqa or thunder katsina by darance chimerica. 10.5 inches high and $300. (santa fe)























a well made older tohono o’odham lidded basket.  second image is the lid from above.  6.5 inches tall and 7.5 inches wide. very good condition: no damaged or missing stitches or stains. $360.







 


 
























 



