







face-2-face telecommunications technologies | best business phone systems in cincinnati










































































 


 







 






















 






flyout menu

 






solutions
products
business security cameras
support
manage your account
about us
faqs
news
contact us


 
















contact us











 
call (513) 361-9600

















flyout menu

 






solutions
products
business security cameras
support
manage your account
about us
faqs
news
contact us


 





















cincinnati's most complete business phone systems 



get the best business phone system for your small or medium-sized business. our voip phones are a fully managed, cloud-based phone system. we take care of everything, all you need to do is answer calls. no work, no programing, no updates, and no maintenance, we handle it all for a single low monthly price. 











 



 



our business phone features include: 










 




							support for up to 20 business lines						














 




							up to 127 feature keys						














 




							hd audio						














 




							color displays						














 




							caller id						


















 




							call recording						














 




							call routing						














 




							auto attendant						














 




							voicemail to email + transcription						














 




							video conferencing compatibility						


















check out our phones!



















 



a complete cloud based phone system 



there is no bulky or expensive hardware to buy. our business phone systems operate from multiple data centers, giving your business the flexibility, operational stability, and redundancy it needs. now you can answer calls from any location at any time whether it be your mobile device or another landline phone outside your office.  







 



infinitely scalable 



as your business grows, your office phone systems need to grow with it. our phone systems are built to scale. whether you need just one phone number or a thousand lines they can be added easily with no hardware to buy, ever. 



 






explore our expertise











 



simple & affordable business phones 



we provide the phones, hardware, and support small businesses need for one low monthly payment per phone. with no long-term contracts required. just enterprise level business phone service at a price that your small or medium sized business can afford.  



 






explore our expertise















affordable business phone systems for cincinnati companies 



face-2-face makes it easy for you by providing you with desk phones, installation, maintenance, upgrades, and troubleshooting services over the life of your plan. we also provide you with all the hardware that you need to keep your business phone systems running efficiently and securely. we do it all so that you can focus on running and growing your business. 











 







$35/month per office phone or less! 



at only $35 per month, per phone, our standard plan comes with all hardware, and support services included. in addition we offer quantity discounts and custom plans that could make your monthly costs even lower!contact one of our business phone system experts today to get a free quote! 



our business phone system includes: 







telephone lines & trunkinghigh-end enterprise telephonessecurity gateway firewallgigabit data switches 







wireless access pointservice & maintenance coveragefree remote moves & changesno contract (unless you want one) 










start your managed phone services
















 



no hassle & no worry service 







 



no hardware to buy or upgrade 



we provide our customers with the latest, high-quality enterprise phones and everything else your company needs to have a great experience. as long as you have reliable internet service we take care of the rest. 







 



we take care of the updates 



our managed service approach means you don’t have to worry about updates, upgrades, or anything of the sort. no expensive it costs, consultants, or staff needed. we keep your system online and working, we handle the updates, and we even supply phone and hardware upgrades when needed. if there is a problem, we handle it. 







 



safe & secure 



we keep your data safe with our included security gateway. advanced security features, no yearly subscription fees. 














read how we connect cincinnati



















supporting cincinnati businesses 



beyond providing voip phone systems to small businesses, f2f telecommunications provides other products to support cincinnati companies. we provide high-quality data equipment and security technology to ensure you’re able to compete without paying enterprise prices. explore our selection of products that further enhances and supports your office below. 






secure your business






















						face-2-face telecommunications technologies performed a major upgrade and overhaul to our entire technology systems. their level of detail and thoroughness gave us great peace of mind in knowing they cared about delivering the best services and products. i can say without a shadow of a doubt that they exceeded our expectations and offered an outstanding level of customer service and professionalism... they met every challenge and solved every problem.					





gregory b. head of school - miami valley christian academy 






						"i just wanted to reach out and let you... know how much we appreciate what you guys do for us each and every day. after years of dissatisfaction with other providers, i can honestly say that we are now thrilled with our decision to partner with face-2-face telecommunications. the new phone system & service that you provide has given us so much flexibility and mobility that we already see a greater productivity level and increased communication amongst the staff..." 					





michael w.owner - auton insurance 






						"i would highly recommend face-2-face telecommunications to any company looking to replace/upgrade their existing phone system, as their attention to detail was meticulous and helped to make our conversion a true success."					





charlie c.communications engineer - r&l carriers 






						"the biggest praise that i can give them is that i plan to stay a client for many years to come."					





matthew h.production manager - ensemble theatre cincinnati 






						"if you are looking for an eminently knowledgeable and flexible partner in developing, installing, maintaining, or scaling your telephony and integrated technological systems, you can do no better than face-2-face telecommunications..."					





ray s.owner - pet wow 






						"they are a company that genuinely cares about their customers and want to provide the best service possible. we are excited about our relationship with face-2-face telecommunications and look forward to working with them for years to come."					





ben j.executive director - butler metro housing authority 






						"i can safely recommend face-2-face telecommunications for any size project and have recommended them to several of my colleagues in cincinnati that have jumped ship from their vendors and switched to face-2-face telecommunications because of their impeccable service."					





mark s.director of information technology - playhouse in the park 






						"cincinnati shakespeare company has been a client of face-2-face telecommunications technologies in one form or another since 2005, and we have no plans to leave them."					





lettie v.managing director - cincinnati shakespeare company  






						"the el team feels that you have again proven your company is one of the best in the world."					





andrew e.tier4 / nar early introduction team lead - avaya 






						"we highly recommend that face-2-face telecommunications become your strategic partner too!"					





bruce r.management excellence, inc. 






						"i have absolutely no hesitation in recommending your company, face-2-face telecommunications technologies, to any of our clients...."					





michael e.owner - pridestaff  





 

 















talk to a face-2-face telecommunications expert 



connect with our expert team to learn more about our system and determine if it is the right phone system for your business. 






name*


first



last


email*

phone*messagephonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 






















 



call us today 



give us a call to get a free consultation from our face-2-face telecommunications phone system professionals. 






call (513) 361-9600




















 







 




							face-2-face telecommunications main office						


						5381 sugar camp road
milford, ohio 45150
(513) 361-9600 









 




							face-2-face telecommunications satellite office						


						602 grange st
wilmington, nc 28411
(910) 999-0222 










quick links 



legalabout uscontact us 







keep up with face-2-face telecommunications: 






facebook
 



linkedin
 









twitter
 



youtube
 










© 2025 face-2-face telecommunications  |  all rights reserved  |  cookie policy   









scroll to top






























































