



learn to ride at the riding academy in menifee, ca 











 









 


 



we are open.... equestrian activities are alowed in riverside county! 
 


 

over 30 years serving the 
	community

as always, do not 
	come to the ranch if you or anyone in your house hold is/maybe sick. thanks!
	
 


 




    about us
 


 



vaulting 








	forms
 










 


calendar 
	 



day camp
 


 

     
 
 


 



directions




	riding lessons
 


 

 
 
 


 




academy horses



extra 
	programs
 


 

 
 
 


 




girl scouts



gift certificates
 


 
 
 
 


 




home schooling 
    program



monthly discount programs
 


 
 
 
 


 

 


     
 


 










come ride with us! 
										 









 


 



	theridingacademy@hotmail.com
 


 

    copyright 2002-2020, by sarah hill  "all rights reserved"

 


 












             


		menifee, california 92584 and our phone number is (951)301-9272. we are 
		located 
		in riverside county, california near sun city, murrieta, winchester, temecula, san jacinto, 
		hemet, perris, wildomar, french valley, canyon lake, lake 
		elsinore, quail valley, mount san jacinto collage at the menifee college 
		campus, diamond valley lake, moreno valley, palomar valley, banning and nuevo. san diego county, orange county and san bernardino 
		county border our county. we are only 15 minutes away from san diego county. our 
		programs include english, western and vaulting horseback riding lessons, horseback 
		riding parties, birthday 
		parties, home school and more. all our programs are great for home 
		schoolers. since, our programs are equine science classes 
		with work 
		sheets and a work book for home work. our horseback riding lessons are 
		rated as a equine science class. witch is an electives science. also, it 
		is rated as a pe (physical education). our english riding lessons, western riding lessons, vaulting 
		lessons are group lessons. our students that ride in a group setting 
		learn quicker. they are able to see what lies ahead as they progress and 
		they see others do things that look fun. riding in the company of others 
		encourages our students to advance faster, as well. we accept credit cards, cash and checks, discounts are 
		available. riding lessons are available to youths and adults. the riding 
		academy starts riding lessons at age 5 years through adult. beginner 
		riders are welcome. we have programs that are specially designed for 
		children ages 5 - 8 years old. this program is called parent and me. our day 
		camps are for ages 6 years old to 16 years old. we have a special junior 
		horse day camps for ages six through eight years old.  our day camp 
		are 5 days long, monday - friday 8:00 am to 3:00 pm. our horseback 
		riding day camp include morning feeding. students can horse boarding 
		their horses at the riding academy. cleaning stalls, grooming, tacking up, 
		horseback riding, lesson horses and ponies breeds are arabian horses, quarter horses, appaloosa, warm bloods, pastures. 
		the riding academy has been family owned and operated since 1986. all 
		our instructors are credentialed and certified. we welcome charter schools 
		students. offering 
		morning lessons and early afternoon lessons to our home schoolers. the riding 
		academy is accredited with the girl scout, we offer several girl scout 
		badges like horse sense, horse fan, just to name a few. horse leasing is 
		available to currently enrolled students. our southern california 
		location is a wonderful setting for our riding academy. some of 
		the events are barrel racing, pole bending, big m and key hole. our 
		horseback riding lesson program has components of jumping, reining, 
		halter, showmanship, saddling, grooming. students get plenty of time to hacking 
		around. if you are a horse lover you will love our riding programs. 
		horse sense, try it badge. we are a  riding school, riding academy, 
		riding facility, with riding instruction, riding classes with lesson horses and horsemanship classes, 
		games, pony, equitation, recreational. we have horseback riding students 
		that are beginner, intermediate and advanced in english and western 
		riding. our equestrian center is for students that would like a well 
		rounded equine education. student horse boarding,
		our classes are for both youth and adults.

if you are looking for great riding lessons with a certified 
	riding instructor look no further! 
	our wonderful program is unique, as well learning to ride, 
	get  the horse ready and you learn about the horse. 
 



