







techworks!
















































home


about


explore


shop


support





privacy policy







menu







where questions lead to ideas






home


about


explore


shop


support






privacy policy











321 water st. binghamton, ny 13901 607-723-8600  info@ctandi.org




    click here to support future innovation
  




















































welcome to techworks!





































    plan your visit >
  



techworks! is open for small group tours by advance reservation. to arrange a guided tour call 607-723-8600 or email info@ctandi.org   techworks! is geared for teens & adults. younger children - please bring your parents with you.staff are available by email, onsite most mornings  link team works tues/thurs mornings.  ibm team works wed evenings.













vintage ibm computing center
discover some of the mid-20th century ibm mainframes and how they were brought back to working order.  watch demos of ibm 1401 and ibm 1440s systems in operation, and operate selected machines yourself —- printing 1960s-style selfies & banners in your own words.















aviation and space exploration 
if recruited evenly from across the us, central nys would have half an astronaut instead of four -  dan bursch, eileen collins, doug hurley, and doug wheelock.  nasa crews and ground teams trained in full mission simulators, built by gp-link in binghamton.















ibm gaming chips
chips designed by ibm endicott provide the brain power for many classic video game hardware systems, offering tools for early high-end graphic designs, for example.  at techworks!, play classic games on original consoles, plus learn to code your own video game with unity software.





in fond memory of bob newhart,(9 sept 1929 - 18 july 2024)   check out his comedy sketch with herman hollerith.   herman hollerith pitches invention of punch card to acme newhart developers - 1970,  bob leblanc & ezra stone for ibmhttps://youtu.be/2ejb3ee8xmc?si=qlqor ibi_x7xvzyocdgcartifacts in actionwhy techworks!? because tech stuff is cooler than regular stuff. techworks! is a center initiative that showcases central new york state technology in action. techworks! is developing from the inside out - first ideas, then artifacts and events, in preparation for a world-class visitor destination where regional innovations past and present can inspire the future. at techworks!, celebrate regional ingenuity by flying link pilot trainers and a lockheed martin helicopter trainer, viewing 3d images using a century of different  technologies, playing a link nickelodeon, plus operating 1960s computer equipment built at ibm plant # 1 in endicott, ny.




    support techworks!’s future >
  













explore
dive into the wide range of equipment and ideas that techworks! has to offer.















join the team
share your talent, your time, and/or your resources to inspire the next generation of problem solvers and inventors!here bu watson capstone teams celebrate success with former ieee president emerson pugh, ibm fellow don seraphim, lockheed martin fellow tommy lam, and project advisor art law, bu watson, ret. lockheed martin 















resources
the center’s archive holds equipment manuals, technical reports, design documents, professional journals, vintage photographic images and film footage, oral history recordings, artwork, player piano rolls, other multimedia. 















321 water st. binghamton, ny 13901          607-723-8600         info@ctandi.org





















































