












colorado criminal defense attorney








































toggle main menu visibility 


home
colorado charges

domestic violence
colorado dui
probation violations
sexual assault


criminal court

court process
felony charges
plea bargain
sentencing
sentencing calculator


legal rights

know your rights
fourth amendment
fifth amendment
sixth amendment


defense options

what to expect
dealing with police
choosing a lawyer


contact info





colorado criminal defense

303.832.9000














colorado criminal defense attorney
serving the citizens of colorado for over 2 decades.


i'm kevin churchill. hundreds of former clients have counted on my skill, experience, and compassion. the people that i have represented have counted on my thorough preparation, complete understanding of their case, and years of experience defending people just like them to give them a winning edge.
that winning edge comes from honing my skills over hundreds of cases. that winning edge includes pretrial advocacy, legal motions to challenge the evidence, and when necessary effective jury presentations at trial.




common inquiries


colorado dui
the court process
selecting the right attorney
contact kevin churchill














trust
when you are accused of a crime, you need to know that you can count on your criminal defense lawyer to fight for the best result in your case




experience
anyone can say that they are a criminal lawyer, but true criminal defense requires more than a briefcase and a law degree.




dedication
limiting my practice to criminal defense enables me to stay on top of the frequent changes in the law that others may overlook.












colorado attorney experience
my clients count on my skill, experience, and compassion. prosecutors count on my aggressive defense of each case. they count on the fact that when i enter a case they will face an adversary well-versed in the law, capable of trying and winning difficult cases. they count on a fight.
i have provided aggressive criminal defense at trial or in plea bargains, for hundreds of those accused of felony and misdemeanor charges, including drugs, dui, petty theft. grand theft, sexual assault, assault, domestic violence, kidnapping, white collar crimes and more.

call now










pretrial
because trial is not always an option, my clients also count on me to fight for them at all pretrial stages of their case. whatever the charge, if i take on the responsibility of representing an accused person, my client can count on me to do everything possible to get results for him. he can count on me to explore trial options, plea options, and alternatives to jail or prison. often, my skills and experience coupled with my persistence and commitment to my clients mean that i am successful in getting for my clients lesser charges and non-jail sentences.
trial
i maintain sharp courtroom and trial skills that are critically important to you in this time. while many lawyers will be willing to take your case, it is my strong recommendation that you choose a colorado criminal attorney, and not a multi-practice general practicioner. the practice of criminal defense is an both an art and a science, and those that spend each day strengthening these skills are most prepared to defend you against the power of the government.
strong trial skills are critical. even if you choose to settle your case with a plea bargain, it is the threat posed by a strong trial attorney that convinces the prosecutor to "deal" the case. thorough investigation is critical in each case. a busy lawyer may be tempted not to look carefully into a case if it seems obvious it is a "loser" anyway. this is a mistake. uncovering any evidence which weakens the prosecutor's case against you can cause the prosecutor to fear a loss at trial, and this can help you a great deal in plea negotiations.



kevin churchill has successfully defended hundreds of people that have been charged with a crime in colorado. he has a strong trial record when defending the accused. if you choose to settle your case with a plea agreement, you can expect him to fight for the best possible outcome, and to minimize the consequences that you must face. every stone will be turned to ensure you are in the best bargaining position possible.
please call mr. churchill's colorado law office to discuss your preliminary questions about your case and about legal representation. mr. churchill generally answers calls directly, or will promptly return your message. in the meantime, the most important advice is not to answer any questions posed to you by the police, and do not discuss the case with anyone other than a criminal defense lawyer. learn more about this on our dealing with police page.
if you are faced with a criminal accusation, you deserve an attorney that you can count on and a colorado criminal defense attorney you can trust.










important tips

dealing with the police
plea bargains
protect your rights



colorado courts

colorado felony cases
guide to colorado criminal courts







kevin r. churchill criminal defense law firm


if you decide it's best to meet with kevin churchill for a free consultation, our office is conveniently located in downtown denver.
kevin r. churchill, criminal defense attorney1801 broadway #539 denver, co 80202



denver law office



















© kevin r. churchill, criminal defense attorney, all rights reserved legal disclaimer
email: info@colorado-criminal-defense-attorney.com phone: (303) 832‑9000


custom website design by bill elgin


















