












goodwang international














































company profile
company profile


products
products


our service
our service


support & consultancy
support & consultancy


contact us
contact us

















                        customized & fine professional
                    






                        enjoy efficiency & dependability
                    






                        trustworthy,oem
                    









company profile


                      goodwang is an iso 9001 certified company.



                      “we're the partner you'll rely on with the quality and efficient service you'll enjoy.”
                      goodwang is the best link to maximum profits between manufacturers and customers.
                      rapid change and development of business around the world stresses the supply chain with respect to quality, reliability and delivery performance. goodwang has an established global network for designing and manufacturing custom and standard products which we deliver in the right place at the right time with the right volume against reasonable price.
                      we know that you need to spend your valuable time on expanding your business, so let us help you and run your supply chain including vendor selection, qualification, ordering, stock level management, shipping and related.
                      











our production network consists with iso-9001:2015 qualified manufacturers capable of supplying products, as follows:


product portfolio







                lower-volume & higher-mix projects are welcome.                
              

                odm/obm/oem projects in industrial and consumer electronics.                
              

                custom and standard electromechanical assemblies.                
              

                custom and standard cable assemblies.                
              

                custom and standard connectors.                
              

                lszh cables                
              

                spe integrated magnetic solutions                
              

                lvds cable assembly                
              

                connectors with integrated electronics as magnetics, voltage protection or identification.
              




























































































































our mission is to provide the quality and efficient service for customers, to be a reliable partner that customers can rely-on.







our service






supply chain management





bom analyses







supplier selection





sourcing










          engineering support and consultancy – 















goodwang

              registered#: 87144 in samoa
              e-mail: goodwang@goodwang.net


guruming

              vat#: 53179200 in taiwan
              duns#: 65-682-0391 
            


steered

              vat nl 085167708 b02 









© 2018 goodwang international   /   designed by tsg






certificate#: qa120061
www.goodwang.net





↑top













