


oderus.com






this is it! the official personal homepage of that most
    malevolent midget mutilator, oderus urungus,
lead throat-thing of the most dangerous band 
    on this or any other planet-- 

check out the limited edition dave brockie snowboard by clicking the logo below!
own a brockie snowboard

 ...and break your fucking neck  
oderus sex campaign a semi-triumph, gwar does not lose to  sevendust

crack-a-thon postponed to honor promise
as the "cream" of the metal world began to awake  from the orgy of booze and drugs that followed last night's golden gods awards, gwar fans everywhere rejoiced as the  two-time grammy losing shock rock masters did not lose to sevendust. lead  singer's oderus urungus' promise to have sex with anybody who voted for gwar (who were up against rammstein,  sevendust, iron maiden, megadeth and avenged sevenfold in  the category "best live  show") apparently succeeded in garnering the band enough votes  for oderus to immediately begin bragging about. said the warty  front-fag-
"sure rammstein won, so what? the important thing is  that we did not lose to avenged sevendust. they didn't win, so we didn't  lose."
when questioned further about  his apparent complete lack of understanding even what the other bands  names were, oderus completely ignored the question.
"i will now go on an immediate fuck-finding expedition  where i will personally reward everyone who voted for us with a violent load. i  will go anal in the aleutians, missionary in mississippi, plus i will fuck  the presidents dog on the white house lawn. this may take some time as i have  to wait for as long as 38 seconds between erections. because of this, i will be  completely ignoring all of my other responsibilities, most notably the  crack-a-thon, which will be rescheduled some time later this year."
the crack-a-thon, gwar.tv's  live, web-streaming fund-raiser (to raise money for drugs), had originally been  set for june 3rd, but will instead will moved to sometime in september, the  date to be announced soon. 
in other gwar happenings, the band has been included as part rue morgue’s “hymns from the  house of horror ii”  this is an annual  compilation put out by rue morgue magazine “featuring the latest earworms to  haunt your soul”.  get more info at http://www.facebook.com/pages/rue-morgues-hymns-from-the-house-of-horror/214263461917138
 

 

 


click on this chicks tongue
 to see the rest of the site

previous post
 




"the blood vomits" - animated comedy series set to make kickstarter debut 



will feature voices by members of gwar, lamb of god, and municipal waste
              slave pit inc., the production company responsible for not only gwar but a bevy of other side-and-ear-splitting acts of deviance, is venturing into the worlds of both episodic comedy and internet funding, while enlisting some of the biggest and most infamous names in the metal scene to do it.  slave pit has started their month-long kickstarter campaign in order to raise funds for the production of a new episode of "the blood vomits".

              set in a violent medieval world, "the blood vomits" tells the tale of mad dog, nails, and their friend, father macgregor, as they rape and pillage their way into your hearts. the series creators hope to use the kickstarter web site to secure funding for the project.

              "we have set a goal of $5000.00, and have one month to reach it," said mike derks, series producer. "if we can't raise that we don't get squat. if we do, we make the episode. if we get more than the goal, we build more fucked up puppets to kill and have sex with each other."

              the voices for the three lead roles, mad dog, nails, and father macgregor, are provided by three of the top metal singers in today's scene, gwar's oderus urungus, lamb of god's randy blythe and municipal waste's tony foresta.

              you must help slave pit continue to produce the sick shit you crave, so simply go to https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/balsac/the-blood-vomits-a-very-good-man and check out the trailer blurb for the blood vomits kickstarter drive. there are even different levels of patronage that can get you everything from your name in the credits to a phone call from oderus urungus himself...that is if you really want that.

gwar returns from arctic slumber with crack-a-thon  and 
gwar-b-q announcements
              everybody’s favorite intergalactic  metal-mass-serial killers gwar today  announced the official dates for two of the year’s biggest events on the gwar calendar—the crack-a-thon and the gwar-b-q!
              on june 3rd, 2011, gwar lead singer and media darling oderus urungus returns as  your host for the crack-a-thon! he will be joined by his host balsac, the jaws  of death (who insists he is also a full host), on june 3rd, 2011, 10:00 pm  e.s.t., streaming live on http://www.crackathon.com from  alleykatz in richmond, va.! whew! this year’s show will feature a  star-speckled line-up of local and not-so local celebrities, notorious  roust-abouts, and a slew of surprise gwar character appearances, video's, and public beheadings.  and all in front of a large and drunken studio audience!
 
(amazing turnout for last year’s crack-a-thon)
              "if they won't let me be on tv,  i'll just make my own show", oderus was quoted as saying. 
              so check in at http://www.crackathon.com and join  the gwar.tv social  network as we countdown to the event, announce the special guests and prepare  you for the interweb event of the year!
              but there was more news from slave pit  today...it was announced (now) that the gwar-b-q  has officially been set for august 27th, 2011! that's right, what was  re-born last summer shall live again as the gwar-b-q returns! there is no word yet on the location or bands but  the event is expected to mutate mightily in the hot summer sun. 

(bohabs prepare  their favorite cuts at last year’s gwar-b-q)
              check out http://www.gwarbq.com/ and join  the countdown to this year’s gwar-b-q,  and to witness last year's gwar-b-q  madness!
              in even more gwar news, metal sucks today posted the latest in the "ask  oderus" series, where gwar fans  get to do just that...and oderus actually answers...sorta...check it out  at http://www.metalsucks.net/2011/03/21/ask-oderus-answers-questions-about-your-mom-a-gwar-video-game-and-the-human-centipede/
gwar front man pledges sex to fans in return for votes 
oderus urungus has taken the unprecedented step of pledging sex with anyone who votes for gwar to win the 2011 revolver golden gods award for best live performance. gwar is up against industry mega-weights like rammstein, iron maiden, avenged sevenfold, megadeth and sevendust. 
              "our show is reality...we don't know what you mean by live performance...we get attacked by dinosaurs while doing what we enjoy best---luring you to your death with our mutant metal--and then slaughtering you! don't let this category be won by a band whose show is just as good as the millions they can spend on it, all for an hour and a half show......vote for the band where the show never stops! vote for gwar!!!!"
              but as an added "perk" oderus has pledged that anybody who votes for gwar will receive a sexual act of some kind...once again it's better to let oderus speak for himself.
              "i pledge to have sex with anyone who votes for us. it will all be arranged thru the interweb, and on the next tour i will personally meet our supporters out behind the trash dumpsters and fuck them, suck them, whatever they want. if they don't want to do that, then i will have sex with something they own, like a dog, or a lunch-box. i will also be glad to rough-up anyone, ya know, smack ya around a bit, throw you in the garbage, hell even kick ya in the tummy....won't kill ya though...want you to be able  to brag about it to your co-workers."
              fans can vote at http://www.revolvermag.com/beta/goldengods/voting 
              balsac the jaws of death, gwar's steel-faced guitarist had this to say about his lead singers latest desperate attempt to get publicity.
              "oderus having sex with the fans behind the dumpster is nothing to brag about. it happens all the time. but please, please, don't let sevendust beat us..."

              in other gwar news, it has been confirmed that the crack-a-thon will return this year on june 3rd  live from alleykatz in richmond, va with hosts oderus urungus and balsac the jaws of death.  the countdown to the crack-a thon is on visit http://www.crackathon.com more info.  in addition to the crack-a-thon, august 27th has been confirmed as the date for this year's gwar-b-q.  visit http://www.gwarbq.com for the countdown clock and more info
gwar and peta2 to once again join forces to make ridiculous video

 oderus tapped as spokesman in "alternative fur" campaign






 intergalactic heavy-metal warlords gwar and   fellow all-caps organization peta2 have announced (or, actually, are   announcing right now...) yet another alliance aimed at the furtherance   of animal rights, namely an animal's right as a superior species to not   have his skin ripped of him to make clothing for inferior humans, unless   of course gwar decides different. this message shall be imparted to the human race through the production of another gwar/peta video, in follow-up to last years "fight humans not dogs" piece (see it here http://blog.peta2.com/2010/04/gwar_says_fight_humans_not_dogs.html )
 this wildly   successful infomercial resulted in more humans fighting than ever   before, and was nominated for a "peggy", which is basically the "oscar"   of infomercials, eventually losing to billy mays, who accepted   posthumously.

 billy mays - his heart exploded
 peta2's dan shannon, director of youth outreach and campaigns, had this to say--"peta is thrilled to be working with gwar to   raise awareness about the cruel ways that animals raised for their fur   are treated. like our previous collaboration with them, fight humans not   animals, this collaboration will aim to turn a few heads"
 gwar's oderus urungus "said" this-- "gwar is titillated to be working with gwar, in this, the latest thing that gwar is   doing. we'll be providing the humans with an alternative to animal fur,   and also helping improve the hygiene of this country's vast prison   industry, in a collaboration that is sure to rip off a few heads." 
the video is set to begin production at gwar's shadowy "slave pit" next month. gwar is   currently wrapping up the north american leg of their "bloody tour of   horror" with a spate of shows on the east coast of the u.s.a. catch gwar in   their last u.s. shows as their two-year long 25th (now into it's 26th)   anniversary "slay-a-bration" comes to its corpse-choked conclusion! 
 to   make matters worse, once again it is time for metal sucks semi-regular   opportunity for you to "ask oderus...again", as everybody's favorite   front-thing will respond to all manner of asinine inquiries! entreat,   cajole, or just play "stump the asshole". just make sure you "ask   oderus"...right here! only the top ten questions will be used so think   hard!http://www.metalsucks.net/2011/02/09/ask-oderus-returns-again/
 gwar's latest masterpiece "bloody pit of horror" is in stores on now and you can also purchase it on the official gwar page on the metal blade records website at:http://www.metalblade.com/gwar.




gwar front-thing oderus urungus to get loaded with the humans at the bloody pit of horror happy hour this wednesday
 

bloody happy hour to take place at idle hands bar, wednesday, january 19th'' from 7-10 pm
everyone’s   favorite foul-mouthed, crack-smoking and baby-eating alien is making   his return to new york city. that's right, oderus urungus, lead singer   of gwar, will be in the big apple not only to appear on a bevy of t.v.   and radio shows, but actually mingle with the human race in the more   social setting of a greenwich village bar.
"my   interaction with the human race is usually confined to crushing skulls   and consuling rape-victims", said oderus. "this is something new for   me."
oderus   and the boys are frequent visitors to the city that also is rumored to   harbor the headquarters of gwar manager and shadowy crime mogul sleazy   p. martini. just last month gwar played to their faithful maggots   the day after christmas, bringing with them the blizzard of 2010.    scores of gwar fans froze to death as their blood-drenched clothing   froze solid upon exiting the show.  
now   the mighty oderus is returning to new york city, and woe upon those who   do not come party with him! wednesday january 19 from 7-10 pm the ever   affable host extraordinaire, oderus urungus, will be showing his warty   face (and the rest of him) at “the bloody pit of horror happy hour”,   which takes place idle hands bar in new york city.  idle hands is   located at 25 avenue b, downstairs b/t 2nd and 3rd streets   in the village.  drink specials include $5 bloody beers and $5 bloody   shots.  the event will also serve as a release party for the new gwar picture   disc lp versions of “lust in space” and “bloody pit of horror”.  oderus   cannot wait to booze it up with the human filth of the tri-state area.
“i can’t wait to booze up with the human filth of the tri-state area,” he said.
after a brief return home to their hulking antarctic stronghold, intergalactic murder-machines gwar are   returning to the u.s. for one final spurt of touring before doing   whatever the hell they are up to after that. the lords and masters of   this world apparently tired of abusing penguins and are ready to return   to the surface world and begin the homestretch towards the conclusion of   their seemingly endless 25th anniversary "slay-a-bration", which has   now grown to encompass their 26th year of rebirth on earth from the icy   prison that for centuries had been their fate. when will gwar stop   celebrating their 25th anniversary?  only one warty front-thing can say   for certain.  oderus was reached for comment at his command bunker   located deep beneath the gwarfortress, where he   took a break from his undead re-creation of the battle of stalingrad to   chime in about the campaign of continuing idiocy and destruction gwarplans on schleping to you, the faithful human scum.
"it's   seems we were about 8000 zombies short of our goal, which was to fill   every hull of our skumdog war fleet with blood-mad slavering zombie   shock-soldiers. so we decided to come back to the u.s., re-open the   bloody pit, and mutate some more of our helpless followers. then we   shall invade the very heart of the galaxy with our infected hatred and   lust for war against all things alive. that and party."


the new gwardates are as follows: 
thu/feb-17 raleigh, nc @ lincoln theatre
fri/feb-18 allentown pa @ crocodile rock  
sat/feb-19 millvale pa @ mr. smalls theatre 
sun/feb-20 brooklyn, ny @ music hall of williamsburg  
mon/feb-21 syracuse, ny @ westcott theater  
tue/feb-22 burlington, vt @ higher ground  
wed/feb-23 providence, ri @ lupo's heartbreak hotel
thu/feb-24 sayreville, nj @ starland ballroom
fri/feb-25 richmond, va @ the national

 

 in other gwarrelated news, metal blade records has announced the release dates for the vinyl versions of both gwar's "lust and space" and "bloody pit of horror".

  "lust in space" is being released on january 18 and it is a picture disc with a gatefold sleeve. 



  "bloody pit of horror" will be released on february 15 and it is a picture disc with a die cut gatefold 
      sleeve.

who   would have guessed that everyone's favorite bellicose bass player   beefcake the mighty had a soft side?  when he's not out singing about or   actually beating things to death, the rotund one has volunteered for   bloody disgusting.com to offer his advice to the lovelorn.  check out   beefcake's first column at:http://www.bloody-disgusting.com/news/music/1312
gwar's latest masterpiece "bloody pit of horror" is in stores on now and you can also purchase it on the official gwar page on the metal blade records website at: http://www.metalblade.com/gwar. the landing page includes all current tour dates, gwar footage from both gwar.tv   and metalblade.tv, and pre-orders for "bloody pit of horror" on cd, a   gwar t-shirt, or the ultimate "bloody pit" package that includes the cd,   the gwar t-shirt, and a 12x12 autographed cover print! (while supplies last or until gwar decides to start using the prints as rolling papers…whichever comes first)
 
new album  “bloody pit of horror” in stores november 9th on metal blade records

 
every  year on halloween, gwar takes to the stage to put on a spectacle that  only certain fans in certain cities have gotten to witness.  but this year, gwar is giving human scum across the globe with the chance to watch their halloween  show streaming live from the rave/eagle’s club in milwaukee.  the event will be  a pay per view extravaganza and is scheduled to kick of at 11:00 pm eastern  halloween night.  make sure to head over to gwarlive.com to sign up for  the pay per view event of a lifetime today! 
tickets for this exclusive stream are $2.99 if you order  before october 15, $3.99 if you order between october 16-30 and $4.99 the day  of the broadcast. 
therave.com, is the online entertainment source for the rave  / eagles club, well known as one of america’s most haunted live entertainment  complexes.  
therave.com most recently streamed live concerts from  shinedown, underoath, benny benassi, devildriver, epica, vader and others.   these webcasts have been seen by over 100,000 people in over one hundred  countries. 
to access live concert stream visit: 
http://gwarlive.com
http://webcast.therave.com
 

contacted at a recent  midget-juggling festival, held at an undisclosed  (and completely fictitious) location, gwar lead singer oderus  urungus screamed what sounded like "bllllaaauuggh", before launching  himself into a nearby jagermeister display. later, when fully conscious, the  warty one sounded off about the internet, inter-species dating, and golf, all  in complete gibberish.
when he finally gave us a workable quote, it sounded  something like this--

"people don't understand  how much money we are contractually obligated to waste everyday. that  money has got to come from somewhere so we grind it out of our fans. now if you  are telling me that there is a way to do that without ever having to leave the  city of milwaukee? this interwebnet fascinates me no end!"

in  other gwar news, the band has announced that they will be performing for  the first time on network television on october 28th, when they take  to the stage on “late night with jimmy fallon”.  the shows airs 12:35 eastern  and the band will be tearing through their new single “zombies, march!”



 
this  past weekend syndicated radio show “chaos with full metal jackie” premiered the  track “gathering of ghouls” from gwar’s upcoming new album.  for more  information check out 
bloody-disgusting.com  premiered the first single from “bloody pit of horror” “zombies march!”  check  it out at:  http://www.bloody-disgusting.com/news/music/1043
gwar’s latest  masterpiece “bloody pit of horror” will be in stores on november 9th,  but you can pre-order your copy today from the official gwar page on the  metal blade records website at: http://www.metalblade.com/gwar. the landing page  includes all current tour dates, gwar footage from both gwar.tv and  metalblade.tv, and pre-orders for “bloody pit of horror” on cd, a gwar t-shirt,  or the ultimate “bloody pit” package that includes the cd, the gwar t-shirt, and a 12x12 autographed cover print!


catch  gwar on the "bloody tour of horror", with the casualties, infernaeon  and mobile deathcamp:

10/14 - philadelphia, pa @ electric factory
10/15 - clifton park, ny @ northern lights
10/16 - worcester, ma @ the palladium - rock n shock festival*
10/17 - montreal, qc @ theatre telus
10/19 - moncton, nb @ club oxygen
10/20 - halifax, ns @ the new palace
10/22 - quebec city, qc @ theatre imperial
10/23 - toronto, on @ opera house
10/24 - rochester, ny @ water street music hall
10/26 - chicago, il @ house of blues
10/27 - columbus, oh @ newport music hall
10/29 - grand rapids, mi @ the intersection 
10/30  - detroit, mi @ harpo's
10/31  - milwaukee, wi @ the rave
11/2 -  dallas, tx @ house of blues
11/3 -  little rock, ar @ the village
11/4 -  new orleans, la @ house of blues
11/5 -  houston, tx @ house of blues
11/6 -  austin, tx @ waterloo park*
11/8 -  lawrence, ks @ granada
11/9 -  tulsa, ok @ cain's ballroom
11/10  - lincoln, ne @ bourbon theater
11/11  - englewood, co @ gothic theater
11/12 -  albuquerque, nm @ sunshine theater
11/13  - tucson, az @ rialto theater
11/14  - tempe, az @ marquee theater
                                  11/15  - san diego, ca @ house of blues
11/16  - west hollywood, ca @ house of blues
11/17  - ventura, ca @ majestic ventura theater
11/18 -  chico, ca @ senator theater 
11/19  - reno, nv @ knitting factory
11/20  - bend, or @ midtown music hall
11/21  - san francisco, ca @ the regency ballroom
11/22  - pomona, ca @ the glass house concert hall
11/24  - magna, ut @ the great salt air
11/26  - portland, or @ roseland theater
11/27  - spokane, wa @ knitting factory concert house
11/28  - seattle, wa @ showbox sodo
11/29  - vancouver, bc @ commodore ballroom
12/1 -  edmonton, ab @ edmonton events centre
12/2 -  calgary, ab @ macewan hall ballroom
12/3 -  regina, sk @ riddell centre
12/4 -  winnipeg, mb @ the garrick centre
12/6 -  minneapolis, mn @ the cabooze
*denotes  festival date
 
no  sleep til... festival australia and new zealand
for  more info on the festival visit:  http://www.nosleeptil.com.au/
12/10  - auckland, new zealand @ asb showgrounds
12/12  - perth, australia @ arena joondalup
12/15  - adelaide, australia @ adelaide entertainment centre
12/17  - melbourne, australia @ melbourne showgrounds
12/18 -  sydney, australia @ the entertainment quarter moore park
12/19  - brisbane, new zealand @ rna showgrounds
 

 

 

