










longview bank




























































 











 





 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerlongview bankproviding our communities with exceptional banking

  consumer banking login business banking logincontact uslost or stolen debit cardaboutmission & leadershiphours & locationswhat’s newcareersproducts & serviceschecking accountssavings accountscds & irasdebit/atm cardsonline bankinginsurance servicesconvenience servicesfinancial calculatorstrust servicesloans & mortgageshelpbanking questionsonline banking questionsbill pay questionssecurity tipscontact us







providing our communities with
exceptional banking

agriculture loans
mortgage loans








consumer banking login
business banking login




proud to be
voted best
bank – 5th consecutive yearplace to work – 5th consecutive yearmortgage service – 5th consecutive yearaccounting service – 1st yearbusiness services – 1st year
thank you to our customers for voting us #1! and to all the employees for your great effort and customer service!



























longview bank
home to growth
our roots are in supporting the farmers that keep our country running. since 1899, we’ve brought accessible banking to rural illinois communities. we have modern banking conveniences now, but we still offer the service of a small town bank.



agriculture loans
residential mortgages
business loans
personal loans
investment options








checking accounts
choose the right account for you


checking accounts










debit & atm cards
debit cards can add ease and convenience to your financial life. with our many atm locations, getting cash is no longer a hassle. stop in and sign up for a debit card today!



student plus account
earn a competitive 3.00% apy on our student checking accounts. available to customers 16-23 years or age. no minimum balance required.



savings & cds
come talk to one of our customer service representatives, and let them help you choose a savings option that fits your individual and family goals.





find your path to success
with our investment opportunities


investment accounts







download our app
bank anywhere anytime
simplify your life with our secure online banking solution. it’s a quick and easy way to manage your accounts.

learn more





footerprivacy policy
terms of use
electronic funds transfer disclosure
cra notice















usa patriot act
member fdic
equal housing lender
© 2025 longview bank | site by neon moth
aba / routing number: 071114255
lost or stolen debit card?




manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 






















