



futurekids nyc




























 






 

























 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 










 




 







futurekids online
 








user name

 


password








forgot your user name and/orpassword?


 


 









 


founded in 1983, futurekids began with a focus on computer literacy for children and teachers around the world, first in learning centers and now in schools. today, futurekids is a global leader in helping schools use technology to transform education. with more than 24 years experience, we've been a trusted and valued partner to thousands of schools all around the world and licensed in over 65 countries. our mission is simple; to help schools become future schools and to help children become futurekids, creating a worldwide community that integrates the power of technology to facilitate and improve student performance.


 


the parents of our young students were eager to develop their computer skills at home as well as on the job. to address the growing need for personalized adult computer literacy training ...





 
learn more
 




 











in the classroom








professional development tips


have a head start on an effective technology professional development plan.


learn more...


technology leadership for administrators


finally a technology professional development course specifically designed for administrators.


learn more...


student curriculum & training


student curriculum & training futurekids launches a k-8 student technology curriculum for microsoft office. learn more...


 
 
 


 


online tools & resources


futurekids offers a comprehensive set of internet solutions designed for the education technology  needs of schools and districts. 


learn more...


learn it, teach it


assist teachers in becoming proficient with microsoft office 


learn more...


proven case studies


our solution works.


learn more...


 




 








 
futurekids advantage









 
 
 


 

curriculum pre k-8


 

curriculum 9-12


 

summer / winter camps


 

keyboarding


 

adult classes


 

birthday parties






 

click here to see our most recent programs
 




 







 
futurekids members












 
contact us


 
futurekids of new york city


 
330 e 85th street - new york, ny 10028


 
phone: (212) 717-0110


 
info1@futurekidsnyc.com




















 





futurekids press release


futurekids inc. press


futurekids announces


 


 






















 
futurekids online brochure


 
learn more about futurekids education technology solutions.


 
click here >>


 



call us: (212) 717-0110

























 
 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
copyrights â© 2007-2011 futurekidsnyc.
 
privacy policy

sitemap
 






