



wynnewood lanes - bowling alley ardmore, pa



























please enable javascript for optimum experience.
skip to content



help wanted: snack bar and mechanics needed for weekends and weekend nights. inquire within.
help wanted: party manager for nights and weekends. inquire within. 








								phone: 
								
									610-642-7512								










								2228 haverford rd, 
								ardmore, pa
								











								wynnewood 
								 lanes




☰



home


about


bowling


pricing


parties


leagues


contact






message us











welcome to wynnewood lanes




				delaware county's 
				favorite place to bowl! 




					bowling pricing
				


				bowling parties
			















			click here to send us a message online now.
		






ardmore, pa

		highly rated bowling alley 
	

		wynnewood lanes is a massive facility located in ardmore, pa that can still barely contain the fun! this 24 lane bowling playground (for children and adults!) is the perfect spot to hone your skills. 
		

		tip: a lot of misplaced confidence can readily compensate for a lack of competence. 
	








"excellent place to bowl! friendly staff, beer, liquor, and new bowling technology that was added in 2020/2021 and makes bowling here a lot of fun!"
~ nick m.




		we are a multifaceted bowling alley that can host children’s birthday parties, corporate bowling parties, or stop by and join a league - of which there are multiple to choose from! interested in open bowling, call ahead to reserve a lane or stop by during open hours to knock down some 10 pins. 
	







"our office had a team building bowling event here. we had an awesome day. gloria and her staff made our event feel special"
~ dan g.



		
		and did i mention we get a ton of great reviews online?!
	









"love the features they have at gaming stations and the lane assist bars that go up and down automatically. great for family with kids. but also nice bar for adults might also. very versatile. and as far as food. i definitely recommend the cheesesteak egg rolls. its my must whenever i go. 🤤 better then most restaurants"
~ brittany k.


		what are you waiting for? let’s grab a lane and get started! 
	



			call 610-642-7512		



			send us a message
		





			why choose wynnewood lanes?
		

			in addition to the latest and greatest, state-of-the-art automated bowling scoring system, we also accommodate our customers by providing additional services for you to enjoy while you bowl! 
		


				we serve food
			

				we serve soda
			

				we serve beer
			

				we serve liquor 
			

				we have arcade games
			

				we have leagues 
			


			& much more!
		







ardmore, pa

			bowling services, policies, and pricing 
		









							bowling safety policies 
						

							to ensure everyone has a safe and enjoyable experience, we’ve created safety policies for all customers. thank you, bowl safe, and have fun! 
						

							bowling safety
						










							bowling pricing & rates
						

							simple and straightforward pricing with discounts available for children, seniors, and league members. find the details by clicking below. 
						

							bowling pricing 
						










							corporate parties 
						

							reserving a bowling corporate party is a great way to have fun outside of the office in fun, controlled environment. reserve a lane today. 
						

							corporate parties 
						










							birthday parties 
						

							we are proud to have hosted hundreds of birthday parties throughout the years, leave the party bowling magic to us and reserve a lane today!
						

							birthday parties 
						










							adult bowling league
						

							new or seasoned pro? no matter! we have leagues for men, women, mixed leagues, first-time bowlers, competitive leagues, and more! let's bowl!
						

							adult's league
						










							junior's bowling league
						

							our junior bowling leagues allow children to refine their bowling skills with the help of a coach in a fun and safe environment after school. 
						

							junior's league 
						










							women's bowling league 
						

							from a free baby sitting service, to free coffee and tea, we really go above and beyond to make your bowling experience fun and stress free. 
						

							women's league 
						










							mixed senior's league 
						

							our mixed senior league is filled with men and women who are looking for an opportunity to grow new friendships while practicing their bowling skills. 
						

							mixed senior's league 
						














							wynnewood 
							 lanes



wynnewood lanes in ardmore, pa - stop by for world-class bowling, great food, liquor, beer, and fun for the whole family. book a lane now.



						social
					



							facebook
						




						helpful links
					



home
about
bowling
prices
contact






						contact information
					




								610-642-7512							




2228 haverford rd, 
ardmore, pa 19003



                 
email our team





						hours of operation
					





day


open


close





monday
10:00 am
11:00 pm


tuesday
10:00 am
11:00 pm


wednesday
10:00 am
11:00 pm


thursday
10:00 am
11:00 pm


friday
9:00 am
11:30 pm


saturday*
10:00 am
11:00 pm


sunday**
9:00 am
10:00 pm



*on saturdays, you must be 21 years of age to bowl after 9pm.

**discounted sunday morning rent-a-lane until 12pm 






							no loitering at all.
						





© 2025 copyright wynnewood lanes.
terms and conditions | 
							privacy policy | 
							contact



								designed &maintained byw3 nerds
							











