










veterinary hospital charlotte, nc | animal medical hospital & urgent care





























skip to main navigation
skip to main content



access



check out our online store below for deals on your pets every day essentials. offering nutritional diets, daily medications, flea & tick prevention, heartworm prevention and more!
dismiss







menu
contact




home

general practice

wellness exams
puppy/kitten visits
surgery
spay/neuter
dentistry
skin conditions
laboratory services
pharmacy services
end-of-life care



specialty & referral

internal medicine
referral form
diagnostic imaging
endoscopy
ultrasound
specialty surgery



urgent care


camp amh & spa

canine boarding 
feline boarding

day camp!
bathing & grooming



our team

our veterinarians the amh family
externships at amh
join our team



resources

forms
hospital tour

our blog
 aaha accredited


online store
contact us


 



animal medical hospital & urgent care




phone:   (704) 334-4684

address:    3832 monroe road, , charlotte, nc 28205













find us on facebook









follow us on instagram









follow us on nextdoor









follow us on google









watch us on youtube


 
online store
make an appointment
upload records


 

compassionate care and veterinary excellence in charlotte, nc
make an appointment urgent care


















the highest quality of care for our patients.


animal medical hospital & urgent care is a full-service animal hospital located in scenic charlotte, north carolina. our entire team is dedicated to providing the highest quality of care.
since 1984, we have proudly had accreditation from the american animal hospital association (aaha), and we work every day to honor the tenets of the organization and continue to offer our clients top-tier care for all their needs.
from general medicine to boarding and grooming services, animal medical hospital & urgent care is committed to caring for every single inch of your pets to ensure they have happy and healthy lives.




make an appointment urgent care camp amh new client registration




general practice
from the time your pets are puppies and kittens, all the way to their senior golden years, preventive care is an important part of ensuring your furry family members live a long and happy life with you.








puppy/kitten exams
congratulations on your newest furry family member! we offer puppy and kitten exams to ensure their health and wellbeing.









wellness & preventive exams
wellness exams play a crucial role in maintaining the health and well-being of your furry family members.














surgery
from soft tissue and laser surgery to orthopedic procedures and mass removals, we're committed to a safe procedure and a speedy recovery for your pet.









dentistry
comprehensive pet dentistry from preventive exams to teeth cleanings and complete dental care for your cats and dogs.







internal medicine, specialty & referrals
learn more about our internal medicine referral center and how we can start helping your pet today.
internal medicine referral center refer a patient















urgent care
in addition to general medicine, our exceptional team has decades of experience in urgent care. if your pet has an urgent need for medical attention, you can rest assured that each member of our staff will do everything in their power to provide the necessary care. our team attends regular continuing education classes, and we use top technology to equip ourselves with the knowledge and tools to handle emergent cases.
urgent care






tour our hospital




meet our team






camp amh—boarding, day camp, and spa services
our pet resort offers comfortable and reliable dog boarding, cat boarding, medical boarding, exotic pet boarding services so you can be sure your pets are properly cared for even while you are away. our day camp is a fun and active doggie daycare option to let your pets socialize during the day. if your pets enjoy our boarding or day camp experience a little too much, we also have a wide range of spa services to get them clean, groomed, and smelling great!
                
camp amh bathing & grooming
















whether you are looking for a new general practice or you need an urgent care vet in charlotte, animal medical hospital & urgent care is here for you. call us today to schedule an appointment.















 



request an appointment
new client form

online pharmacy




learn more about aaha® accreditations



learn more about carecredit



learn more about scratch pay





 



contact:

  3832 monroe road, charlotte, nc 28205 

 (704) 334-4684 
 clientservice@animalmedical.net 
 (704) 358-3564                                                    





regular hours:

monday–sunday: 7:00 a.m.–8:00 p.m. 






urgent care:
7:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. daily





copyright © 2025 animal medical hospital & urgent care. all rights reserved. veterinary website by beyond indigo pets. | privacy policy



 














treats are for puppies. cookies are for websites.

we use cookies to ensure we give you the best possible experience on our website. if you continue, we will assume you agree to receive cookies on the beyond indigo pets site. click here to see our cookie policy.
continue





