




tent rentals for parties and events in detroit, mi | glt









  













 top 



call us today! (586) 773-9013


 your quote








product search...

























events 

weddings
corporate events
long-term events
residential events



rentals 

see all
chair rentals
china rentals
concession rentals
dance floor rentals
glassware rentals
heater rentals
linen rentals
table rentals
tent rentals


specials

resources 

faq
tent calculator


about us

contact 

detroit
traverse city
ann arbor
indianapolis, in
columbus, oh


quote























product search...











select catalog 

        party rental categories 




general rentals
weddings
corporate events
long-term events
residential events





categories
acclaimed graduation packagesacclaimed wedding packagesadmired clear top tentsadmired pole and frame tentsadmired sailcloth tentsamazing tent linersbars and lounge furniture blocks & barrelscatering & serving chairschina and flatwareconcession equipmentconvention and meeting equipmentdance floors and flooringfansgenerator rentalsglasswareheaters linenspole drapespropanerustic rentalssales, party relatedstaging and lighting rentalstables tent accessories























































tent rentals for parties and	 events in detroit, mi - serving detroit, ann arbor, and se michigan -
learn more about our products and services







professional party tent rentals in metro detroit
great lakes tent is the premier place for party tent rentals -- including party & event rentals and everything else you may need -- in the metropolitan detroit and southeast michigan area. anyone can set up a tent, but at great lakes tent, you have the comfort of knowing that you’re working with one of the best michigan tent  rental companies and a trusted member of the detroit-area community.
work with our professional account managers and experienced event planners to rent a tent for a party as well as all kinds of party rental supplies like catering equipment, glassware, tableware, tablecloths, and napkins, as well as tables and chairs. rentals for weddings and graduation parties even receive a special discount. at great lakes tent, you can rent a clear tent for your wedding or any classy event. simplify your party planning -- great lakes tent can provide all of the event rental supplies you need for one-stop convenience. your party rental in michigan always includes:

professional rental service from qualified accounts managers and event planners
clean, first-rate tent rentals and party rental supplies you’ll be proud of
one company for all of your event rental needs

contact us today for a free quote, or drop by the largest event and tent rental showroom in michigan -- 5,000 square feet of rental tents, table and chair rentals, and all of the other event rental supplies that will make your party one to remember.
long-term tent rentals
with our large  inventory of party and event tent rentals, we can accommodate long-term outdoor tent rentals for dining, storage, and other needs. ask about our special temporary and long-term tent rental rates.
michigan tent rentals
at great lakes tent, we mostly serve metro detroit. party rentals may be delivered to the entire state of michigan, including detroit, saginaw, ann arbor, grand rapids, novi, flint, oscoda, and more. for larger event tent rentals, we’ll even deliver as far as toledo or columbus, ohio, and indianapolis, indiana. please contact us to rent a tent for a party and for delivery availability as well as pricing.



learn more about about great lakes tent
start renting party tent rentals in michigan now!















catalog of party rentals














wedding rentals














corporate event rentals











tent rentals in detroit michigan">
                  
long-term tent rentals














residential party tent rentals












- quick links to party rentals you need -









tents









tables









chairs









china & flatware









glassware









linen









flooring & dance floors









heaters & fans









lighting equipment









tent accessories









catering and serving equipment









wedding packages









concession equipment






full event & tent rental catalog










great lakes tent co.
serving detroit michigan, the detroit metro area, and all of southeast michigan with superb tent, party, and event rentals!


 about
 gallery










pages


home
general rentals
weddings
corporate events
long-term events
residential events


specials
faq
tent calculator
contact




our location



23425 van dyke ave warren, mi 48089





(586) 773-9013





send feedback/email




network with us
please follow us on social media to keep up-to-date!










popular rental categories


tents
tables
chairs
china
glassware
linen
flooring equipment
lighting equipment
heaters
fans
tent accessories
catering equipment








          
            copyright © 2025  rentalhosting.com   powered by point-of-rental - last update: 2/19/2025 6:20:25 am








