




 


association of continuity professionals - about us









 


log in








log in with facebook


log in with google

























remember me


forgot password
















about us



mission




leadership




the profession




bylaws




code of ethics




2023 annual report







membership



why join




join now!




membership faqs




chapters



az: central arizona




ca: los angeles




ca: orange county




ca: san francisco bay area




co: colorado rocky mountain




ct: connecticut




dc: washington dc




fl: greater tampa bay




fl: mid florida (orlando)




fl: northeast florida (jacksonville)




ga: atlanta




ma: greater boston




mi: michigan




nc: chapter of north carolina



nc: about us




nc resources




nc events







ny: eastern great lakes



eastern great lakes events




eastern great lakes resources







ny: new york city metro



nyc metro about us







pa: liberty valley




tn: middle tennessee (nashville)




tx: alamo (san antonio tx)




tx: greater houston (houston)




tx: capital of texas (austin)




tx: north texas (dallas)



north texas about us




north texas events




north texas resources




north texas membership




north texas archive




north texas contact us







va: hampton roads (virginia)




va: old dominion (richmond va)



old dominion resources




old dominion membership




old domion about us




old dominion events







wa: washington state







corporate memberships







resources



business continuity




industry standards




industry resources




students/educators




speakers showcase




member directory




chapter leader resources







development



risk & resilience internship program




special interest groups




early careerist special interest group




webinar archive




member discussion forum



national discussion forum










partners



partnering with acp




partner profiles







blog





 

 












 

















 

resources
acp offers resources to promote industry best practices and enhance the efficiency of continuity planning offices.



membership
acp offers unique membership opportunities including local and national leadership roles.



chapters 
acp is made up of 24 chapters spread throughout the united states.



events
acp hosts professional development events including webinars, local conferences, and networking events.

 






 meet our partners












 










     
announcements
 
you can help make a difference in acp!
this is an exciting opportunity to be part of the new office of public affairs team! check out the announcement in acp chairman’s report. opa will provide leadership for all acp marketing and communication initiatives, for all key stakeholders – with the ultimate goal of sustaining and growing acp’s leadership, membership and reputation in the industry. your contributions will make a difference – please consider volunteering some of your time to this important work!interested? reach out to staff@acp-international.com.




 


please help support the greater tampa bay chapter’s recovery efforts after hurricanes helene and milton
in recent weeks, the tampa bay community has been devastated by hurricanes helene and milton. families across florida have seen their homes and belongings destroyed, and many face an uncertain future. yet even in the face of these immense challenges, our community’s spirit remains unbroken.
now, we’re reaching out to our members across the nation. we know that, together, we can help lift tampa bay as they begin the long journey of rebuilding and recovery. whether you’ve donated before or are able to contribute now, every gift makes a tremendous difference.
make a lasting impact—triple your donation’s power
through the generosity of our local chapter and the tampa bay chapter president, brandon edwards, any donation made through the gtbacp/american red cross portal will be matched up to $1,000, and then matched again by mr. edwards—tripling the impact of every dollar donated.
a thank-you for donations of $50 or more
for donations of $50 or more, contributors who choose to include their name will be entered into a raffle for a chance to win complimentary passes to national industry conferences: drj, dri, and continuity insights. special thanks to these sponsors for providing this support and for helping us extend gratitude to our generous donors.


dri february 2025 conference pass will be selected at the chapter's november 13 holiday luncheon.


drj spring 2025 & continuity insights 2025 conference passes will be selected at the chapter's annual conference in january.


 join us in showing the tampa bay community that they are not alone. your donation, no matter the size, will make a world of difference.
to donate here, go here: https://americanredcross.donordrive.com/campaign/gtbacp-chapter-2024-fundraiser

 




the 22nd edition global compensation report for resiliency professionals is published!

the 22nd edition global compensation report for resiliency professionals highlights how different factors may impact a professional’s earning potential in the resiliency profession and related disciplines (business continuity, disaster recovery, emergency management, and crisis management). the annual study assesses not only years of experience, job titles, degree, and certifications, but also real-world experience and leadership skills. this complimentary report details key findings and trends for both permanently employed professionals as well as contract/temporary/self-employed consultants within the resilience management profession on a global basis. this year’s report highlights several trends and insights that remained consistent with 2023, albeit with a slight downturn in the market.  while the report unveils nuances in earning potential and career trajectories, it also serves as a compass navigating through the currents of the job market for resiliency professionals.
top findings

wage growth: -2.5% globally (+2.4% usa, +8.1% uk, and +8.4% canada)
global distribution of annual base compensations: $10,000 - $380,000 usd
professionals with an advanced degree: 84%
respondents who are certified: 81%
changed jobs in last year: 27% (12% new company)
unemployment rate for bcm profession: 2%

 
a complimentary copy of this report is available at https://www.wittobriens.com/resources/22nd-edition-global-compensation-report.  please feel free to download and share with others.

 




photo: a momentous occasion -james green, managing partner at rtt, and michael gifford, chair of the acp national board, commemorate the partnership at #drj spring 2024.

exciting partnership announcement!


we’re ecstatic to share the news of a pioneering partnership between the association of continuity professionals (acp) and the resilience think tank (rtt). this collaboration is set to revolutionize the resilience discipline, ushering in a new era of thought leadership and innovation.
as trailblazers in resilience, acp and rtt are committed to fostering a global strategic partnership that will redefine industry standards and enhance our collective capacity to thrive in an ever-changing world.

  














  
























  about us

acp connects and supports a diverse community of resilience and continuity professionals. 

join now

contact us

3739 national drive, suite 202
raleigh, nc 27612
(919) 314-6565
staff@acp-international.com
 










powered by wild apricot membership software












