


bootie along























    
	bootie along
	
  
a knit-along for making baby booties. email me to join.





links
finished bootie gallery
free bootie patterns

angora booties and more
ribbed baby booties 

free baby sock patterns

two color newborn socks
newborn socks in "fixation" yarn
infant socks
baby socks 
ugg booties from knitty gritty

previous posts

better than bootie
booties times four
i finally made some booties!
ugg booties with inner cuff
bootie along
new bootie knitalonger...
parker's hat & booties
bootie-licious
ugg
welcome a new member and a new pattern


participants
kweaver
 ingo 
  chandra 
 mush 
 bethanye
 renee
 lisa
 grannyjudith
 rachel 
 suzanne
suzie
 eva
  lyndsey
  kristina
 mary 
  laura 
  becky 
   jenn 
 maria 

 books with bootie patterns 
50 baby bootees to knit   

knitting for baby  

archives

july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005



 
 visitors 






wednesday, april 20, 2005



	 
	 better than bootie
	 
    


that is the name of the free(!) pattern currently available at  interweave knits .  there are two very cute sock patterns available for free on the website (pdf download link), and three more sock patterns in the summer issue. i am going to get started on one right now!



posted by karrie @ 7:25 pm 

      
         1 comments





thursday, april 14, 2005



	 
	 booties times four
	 
    


   here's two identical pairs of booties made in my "old-school" five-needle aran-and-lace pattern. click for larger.a girlfriend, who hasn't knit in years, whined until i made these for someone she knows who just had an enormous (6 pounds each) pair of twin girls.newborn size (like the tiny pair on the far left, in "micro-spun" yarn split down to three plies, on size one needles) would have been way too small by the time these reached the intended wearers.since i knew from experience (bitter, bitter experience) that making four identical booties would take me a while, and that there would be a long delay between me getting these to the girl who asked me to make them, to her taking them to the person with the twins, i made these with really fat sport yarn (micro-spun) on size six needles. in trying to use the same pattern to make a larger bootie, i learned a lot about how tension affects proportions. for instance, if the foot does not start forming a cup by the time you reach the third side, your needle is too big for your yarn. i had abandoned an earlier attempt at an entirely garter-stitch bootie using space-dyed sock yarn because the sides were too tight and the foot came out too small. now i think i will try again on larger needles.



posted by queen amy @ 3:05 pm 

      
         2 comments





sunday, march 27, 2005



	 
	 i finally made some booties!
	 
    


a friend of ours had a baby girl a few weeks ago, so i had to get it together and finish some booties for them.  here's the almost-completed booties, which have since been sewn-up and shipped off:i also made some tiny socks from this pattern with a bit of leftover fixation from socks i made for myself:i have some black-and-white versions of those tiny socks on the needles right now for a friend with a baby on the way, too.



posted by bethanye @ 12:48 pm 

      
         0 comments





saturday, february 05, 2005



	 
	 ugg booties with inner cuff
	 
    


  (click for larger) i was eager to try a simple two-needle bootie pattern, but i thought the ugg pattern needed a ribbed cuff to stay on. so, i added a hidden one inside the bootie.  to do this, i picked up along the inside of the ankle with a smooth yarn, worked four rows of stockinette, and finished with about a dozen rows of ribbing. the ribbed cuff gets seamed first. (then you get to pick the eyelashes out of the fashion yarn, so you can sew up with it.) when you are done, the ribbing is hidden inside the bootie. more pix here.



posted by queen amy @ 1:12 pm 

      
         1 comments





monday, january 31, 2005



	 
	 bootie along
	 
    


hi, all!  i'm a new member.  i've been doing baby stuff for a while now and have done a couple of the patterns from _50 bootees to knit_ and some of the debbie bliss patterns.  i just got _candy babies_ and am teaching myself to crochet. ciao!kristinacaheli.blogspot.com



posted by kristina @ 3:23 pm 

      
         1 comments





tuesday, january 11, 2005



	 
	 new bootie knitalonger... 
	 
    


hi, i am rebecca (becky to most) and i have been knitting booties lately becuase it seems like everyone has been having or is going to have a baby. i just finished up some angora baby booties from last minute knitted gifts. i am hoping to have some pictures up by the end of the week to show off. happy knitting.



posted by becky @ 10:18 pm 

      
         1 comments





monday, november 01, 2004



	 
	 parker's hat & booties
	 
    


here are the hat and booties i made for my sister-in-law's baby, parker, who is due to actually be born on or near december 10th. (i used this pattern for the booties - still the only bootie pattern i've made! - and this pattern for the hat.)the booties were a total bitch to seam together, and even after three pairs made from the same pattern i still can't sew them up so that they truly look like they match each other!the yarn i used, paton's divine in rose riche, was extraordinarily soft but wasn't all that easy to knit on #3 needles with all that bumpy texture going on. (i have to say, the bigger the needle the more i enjoy knitting... unless it's a good 100% wool yarn on bamboo needles and then i don't care!)the women at the baby shower oohed and aahed, and said, "you made these?" in a satisfying way, and the mom-to-be seemed to think they were cute enough. (i couldn't tell if they'll ever be actually used, though.) still, it was my first time making baby things and giving them away in the quasi-formal surrounds of a party, and overall i think it went well!



posted by goblinbox @ 8:23 am 

      
         0 comments









 





