










front page - american bicycle group
































































skip to content






 





litespeed
quintana roo
obed
contact
career opportunities
 




site search



search for:

search
 











 





we’re building for your next adventure				there’s nothing more enjoyable than creating the best. the fastest road and triathlon bikes, the wildest bikes for dirt and gravel—designed and handbuilt in tennessee, using globally sourced materials—and top-of-the-line performance swim gear. your next challenge awaits.			
 







 







litespeed titanium  an original titanium bicycle manufacturer.
gaining massive popularity in the 90’s and early 2000’s as the most sought after frames in the pro peloton—litespeed has continued to design innovative titanium frames around modern cycling technology. handmade in the usa, using globally sourced materials, litespeed frames feature the highest stiffness-to-weight ratios of any titanium frames on the market.
litespeed aerospace development program develops titanium components for space exploration. most notably, key suspension components for the nasa mars “curiosity” rover.			
shop litespeed bikes 






 




quintana roo triathlontrue to tri since 1987.
a brand started with a passion for creating wetsuits and bicycles tailored to the specific needs of triathletes. over 30 years later, quintana roo is still dedicated to creating the best possible products—by triathletes for triathletes.
quintana roo’s complete bike lineup has helped triathletes at all levels of the sport perform their best. at the professional level of ironman, qr bikes have contributed to championship winning, world-record setting performances.
shop qr bikes 









 







obed bikes unforgettable days. unrivaled company. unbelievably fun bikes. 
we believe one of the best ways to experience the outdoors is on two wheels. from an everyday commute to a once in a life time expedition, obed bikes are up for all your challenges.
with obed, we build your bike to your spec, your color and decal choice and it ships assembled to your door. handpainted and assembled in the usa, using globally sourced materials.			
shop obed bikes 






 





located in chattanooga tennessee																american bicycle group proudly calls chattanooga, tennessee its home where each and every litespeed titanium bike is handmade and assembled using globally sourced materials. quintana roo and obed bikes shares the same location where its bicycles are hand-painted and assembled, using globally sourced materials for shipment directly to customers, dealers, and distributors around the world.										
 







 




get in touch...				questions about american bicycle group or our brands?			
contact us 


















					©2020 american bicycle group				

					theme by colorlib powered by wordpress 



























