


newtown square business association



























  



 

 










forgot password?







  






toggle navigation



homeabout uscalendarthe boardmember directoryto learn morebecome a member!frequently asked member questions











							featured						



  




							about us						



contact infonewtown square business associationp o box 128newtown square, pa  19073telephone: 610 613 0322historythe newtown square business association was formed in may of 1976 by a group of local business people who recognized the need for coordinated action on behalf of the business community. the organization is governed by the constitution and by-laws created in 1976, and officers are elected annually from the membership at large. nsba has filed articles of incorporation with the state of pennsylvania, and has been granted non-profit status by the irs. purposeto act in the best interests of all members and to engage in such activities that would lead to the improvement and encouragement of doing business in newtown square.  duesmembership dues, as established by membership vote, are currently $140.00 per year per business.  membershipmembership in the nsba is open to any person or organization doing business within newtown township regardless of their office location. in addition to having a single voice to speak for all newtown square businesses, membership in the nsb&pa offers these other individual benefits:develop social media campaign to generate more business for our members and newtown square overall.produces map / brochure of member merchants and professionalsdeveloped facebook "shop newtown square", like us!sponsored design, printing and installation of "shop newtown square" banners along west chester pike coordinate with the township government on matters concerning the business community.promotions to encourage residents to shop locally.sponsorship of community projects such as:provided christmas lighting for the business district.erected of "welcome to newtown township" sign on west chester pike.monthly luncheons, breakfasts and business networking receptions enabling members to compare problems and solutions. members and non members welcome. see our home page for next eventhere’s how the nsba supports our community                we help sponsor:                                                          the annual tree lighting ceremony in st. albans circle                             christmas snowflakes and seasons greetings banners in the business district.                             "shop newtown square" banners                             “welcome to newtown township” signs along wc pike median                             newtown square in bloom annual hanging of flowering baskets in the business district.                             toys for tots program                             tree city usa program                             juniper trees to those merchants who supply plantersprivacy policywhat information do we collect?we collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form. when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. you may, however, visit our site anonymously.what do we use your information for?any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:to improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)to improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)to send periodic emails the email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. note: if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.how do we protect your information?we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.do we use cookies?we do not use cookies.do we disclose any information to outside parties?we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.third party linksoccasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.online privacy policy onlythis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.your consentby using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy.changes to our privacy policyif we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.contacting usif there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.to contact us: president@nsbpa.com                    






						calendar					











						new members					








 

 

				po box 128 
				newtown square, pa 
				19073 
				| 
				610 613 0322			
 

 


website by member leap






