

























dura-cast | rotomolding plastics for the future - duracast products







































































































toggle navigation






home
we are dura-cast

we are dura-cast | history
core values & mission
leadership
trade shows & events
join the dura-cast team


why dura-cast | facility

why dura-cast | process
why dura-cast | sustainability
terms & conditions
warranty
chemical resistance chart
colors


what we do
custom
product lines

agriculture products

livestock products
citrus products


aquaculture products
cooking oil recycling products
laundry products
marine products
material handling products
refuse products
rotomolded tanks


tank drawings
equote
contact
search










dura-cast tanks

view current tank inventory







agriculture

see all products







aquaculture

learn more







cooking oil recycling

view available sizes







custom rotomolding

customize now







laundry | linen

products for your facility







marine

view our full line of marine products







material handling

bulk handling products







refuse

waste management products







rotomolded tanks

view the largest selection of tanks










dura-cast | rotomolding plastics for the future
dura-cast is florida’s leading rotational molding plastics manufacturer. we have spent more than 30 years providing leaders in agriculture, health care, water & waste water treatment, municipalities, and transportation with the vital resources they need to serve their respective industries. our team members take seriously our responsibility to provide customers with the products that result in cleaner water, fresh foods, fire prevention, healthy work places, and more.

every member of the dura-cast team takes pride in doing their best work for our customers as we grow our company. every employee understands the role they play in supporting our customers, and approach each day with clear purpose and commitment to our clients. we are proud of our role to enable farmers to harvest crops and care for livestock; for hospitals and hotels to have tools to care for the public; and for individuals around the country to have safe food and water storage solutions. as a result, you’re not just choosing a plastics manufacturer: you’re starting a relationship with a company who values integrity, loyalty, and respect.  that’s the dura-cast difference, and it’s a key component to creating solutions. the parts we manufacture are used by countless professionals in the agriculture and aquaculture, hospitality and healthcare, marine, refuse, and tank industries. for those custom projects, we have a team of design engineers who are expert in identifying custom, rotational molded solutions and an on-site mold fabrications team who can build that design here at our facility. our goal is to become your rotational molding plastics manufacturer, and we will do what it takes to earn your trust and your business.
dura-cast product linesfor more than 30 years, we’ve been providing a variety of agriculture products to fit your needs and budget.we manufacture open top tanks, vertical tanks, and cone bottom tanks in a range of shapes and sizes.our collector tanks to provide secure indoor or outdoor containment for 80, 125, 200, 275, or 325 gallons of used cooking oil.we have a proven reputation for engineering and designing quality, durable plastic solutions.we’ve designed products based upon input from linen & laundry managers to increase productivity and efficiency.we manufacture a full line of bait wells, bins, coolers, fresh water and waste tanks, seats, and sumps for your boating needs.we offer you the highest-quality bulk handling products for increased efficiencywe design a full range of refuse containers for municipalities throughout the southeast. tanks are used for transport, nursing, or stationary storage of a diverse range of contents.
we are dura-cast | history
in 1987, the wall street journal listed a rotational molding plastics company for sale in lake wales, catching the attention of bruce orcutt.  bruce recognized the company’s potential and it wasn’t long before he was the new owner of dura-cast products, inc. under his leadership and vision, dura-cast expanded from a small, local, rotational molding plastics company into the industry leader in florida and throughout the southeast. bruce promptly secured partnerships with boston whaler and sea ray boat builders to provide water and holding tanks, strategically expanding the existing product lines into new industries.


as our reputation grew, so did the company, with bruce’s son david joining dura-cast in 1992. their leadership and growth-mindset resulted in increased product offerings, expanding into aquaculture, material handling, food service, laundry products, and tanks of various sizes. in addition to standard products, we added an engineering design team solely focused on providing clients with customized solutions, whether a cart with specific requirements or a custom art piece. we’ve had clients come to us with nothing more than a sketched concept: our team is ready to guide the project through various iterations until reaching a final product that exceeds expectations.

for more than 30 years, the orcutt family has led dura-cast through substantial growth, bringing our company from a locally-known plastic manufacturer serving the agriculture market to an internationally-recognized leader in the rotational molding industry. we take pride in our commitment to provide you with an unmatched quality product and an exceptional customer experience.



our dura-cast facility conforms to the requirements of nsf/ansi/can 61 and nsf/ansi 372; many of our tank products can be molded using nsf certified resins. please contact our sales team for additional details and information. you can also click here to view the listing on nsf.org.
at dura-cast products, our mission is to provide clients with an unmatched quality product and an exceptional customer experience.  we invite you to explore our website and let us know what dura-cast can do for you.

 

















				copyright © 2025 — duracast products. all rights reserved			

				powered by saint george

 









































