

















fairfax family practice primary care, an inova partner | inova












      skip to main content
    






















search inova



search keywords



search






utility top menu


er wait times


careers


bill pay


mychart login






primary navigation



get care




find a doctor




services




locations




patients & visitors




give




donate to inova




donate time




donate blood




donate life













an inova partner



meet our team


our services


walk-in clinic


patient resources


patient comments


residency program







breadcrumb



go to homepage





                        locations
          


                  fairfax family practice
              























fairfax family practice


an inova partner



book an appointment
mychart login
on-demand video visits



703-391-2020



inova primary care locations





703-391-2020


book an appointment
mychart login
on-demand video visits


inova primary care locations






 











fairfax family practicefairfax family practice has provided quality family practice care to our community since 1971 and more recently has partnered with inova to deliver comprehensive, high quality, personal care to our patients throughout the region.our physicians and our physician assistants are board certified and dedicated to providing medical care specifically tailored to your needs and the needs of your family. family medicine provides continuous healthcare for the individual and family encompassing all ages and genders, each organ system, and every disease entity.












patient satisfaction - fairfax family practice primary care, an inova partner

















our services

primary care servicesprimary carenewborn/pediatric careadolescent caresleep disorderswomen's health/gynecology cardiovascular servicesoffice procedures/surgerysports medicine & concussionweight losswalk-in clinic (suite 101)learn more about these services







on-demand video visits

this is a quick and convenient way to meet with a provider for a minor issue that does not require in-person interaction. this feature is available for established patients at fairfax family practice – fair oaks only.no appointment neededlogin to your mychart account and follow the instructions to connect with a provideryou must complete echeck-in before joining the on-demand video visiton-demand video visit hoursmonday – friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.saturday, 8 a.m. to noonsunday: closedtelemedicine services are offered to patients who are physically located in virginia at the time of the virtual visit. start your on-demand visit now













fairfax family practice primary care, an inova partner


3650 joseph siewick dr
#400
fairfax, va 22033


3650 joseph siewick dr #400
fairfax
va
22033
 get directions
phone: 703-391-2020
703-391-2020
fax: 703-391-1211
 

schedule



        sun closed
      

        mon 8:00am-5:00pm
      

        tue 8:00am-5:00pm
      

        wed 8:00am-5:00pm
      

        thu 8:00am-5:00pm
      

        fri 8:00am-5:00pm
      

        sat 8:00am-12:00pm
      

 


$

more information: we are a part of the fairfax family practice centers, an inova partner, which have many offices throughout northern virginia. all of our providers are dedicated to providing medical care that is specifically tailored to your needs and the needs of your family.
        
















covid-19 testing & vaccination information for established primary care patientscovid-19 testing is available for those who are experiencing moderate covid-19 symptoms. asymptomatic patients will not be tested. schedule a virtual visit to determine if testing is needed.the covid-19 vaccine and booster are currently available at select primary care locations for established patients. please call your office to confirm vaccine availability. you can also find a vaccination location near you in the community. talk to your healthcare provider if you have questions about the risks and benefits of the covid-19 vaccine.









chronic care management program for medicare patients

chartspan: an extension of your inova care teamchartspan is a full-service chronic care management program for eligible medicare and medicare advantage inova primary care patients with two or more chronic health conditions. chartspan operates as an extension of your inova care team.for a minimal monthly fee (co-pay), patients who qualify will have access to:24/7 nurse toll-free linecare plans and personal care coordinatorsassistance with medication refills and appointmentstransportation, food, and housing resourcesspeak with your inova primary care provider to see if you qualify. we are here to help you achieve your long-term health goals.learn more






















understanding advance care planning
it's never too early to begin planning for future medical care. begin a conversation today with your primary care provider and let your healthcare wishes be known before an emergency situation occurs.
learn more












join the university of virginia patient-student partnership
learn how medical students can provide extra help related to your care – and how you will help shape a future doctor.
enroll today












are you at risk?
find out if you are at risk for covid-19, cancer, heart disease, sleep apnea and more...through our free online health risk assessments.
learn your risk



















personal and secure health record

                          mychart
                      
mychart is a free service offered by participating inova medical facilities and doctors' offices that offers patients personalized and secure on-line access to portions of their medical records. it enables you to securely use the internet to help manage and receive information about your health.
 
login or sign up for mychart
 
get the mychart mobile app for android or iphone: 
 









with mychart, you can use the internet to:schedule appointments with your primary care provideruse echeck-in to complete paperwork online prior to your visitlaunch your video visitsview your health summary/recordview test resultsrequest prescription renewalscommunicate electronically and securely with your provider 






hear from our patients





i've been a patient here for more than 25 years. picked my doctor by using consumer checkbook. have received excellent care and would not consider changing. it's comforting growing older with your doc; she seems to know what's going on with me from her own personal experience.






as a nurse, i tend to be critical, but can't find fault in this practice. they even have a walk in clinic for emergency appointments. such a great choice for families!






all of our care is coordinated through ffpc, and if i ever had an issue, i went straight to the top because they care deeply and they get things done...as for me and my family, we're all in.






this is by far the best family practice i have been at. i can always get an appointment and now that the walk-in clinic is open there is practically no wait. the doctors are all extremely professional and knowledgeable. if you are looking for a family practice, i highly recommend fairfax family practice.






i have been coming here since i was a kid and cannot say anything bad about this place. they are continually updating the interior and flow of the office space to make it easier and more comfortable for the patient. they also offer appointments on saturday which is crucial for those who work crazy hours [during] the week. all in all, great location with a great friendly staff who knows what they are doing.






very friendly, excellent customer service. drop in clinics. doctors and nurse [practitioners] call you back promptly and explain things in detail.






fairfax family practice is the best set of family physicians in northern virginia. i've never had to wait for more than 0 - 15 mins for a doctor. the doctors always make sure to solve the problem. very impressed.









patient satisfaction comments



























8095 innovation park drive
fairfax, va
    22031


8095 innovation park drive,
fairfax, va
    22031


questions? call 855-694-6682





footer


patient resources


mychart login


about mychart


medical records request


medical image request


patient education


find a doctor


find a service


find a primary care provider


classes and events


patient forms


clinical trials


billing information


health library


subscribe to newsletter




locations & facilities


inova alexandria hospital


inova l.j. murphy children's hospital


inova fairfax hospital


inova fair oaks hospital


inova loudoun hospital


inova mount vernon hospital


inova women's hospital


inova blood donor services


inova center for personalized health


inova emergency services


inova primary care offices


inova schar cancer


inova schar heart and vascular


inova-gohealth urgent care


inova eastern region development plan




healthcare professionals


for physicians and apps


for nurses


education and cme


research


inova careers


physician job opportunities


signature partners




company information


about inova


inova careers


inova foundation


inova in your community


inova newsroom


price transparency


inova well


volunteer opportunities


for employees






official health system for





      
          nationals

              






      
          spirit

              






      
          united

              





legal & policy menu


web policies


nondiscrimination policy


privacy and compliance


preference center




          
                          
              © 2025 inova
      

social media























close modal














