


speechpage.com publishing co.!  fun hands on speech & language learning materials!
















            to enhance your user experience on our website, this site uses cookies. 
            if you continue to browse, you accept the use of cookies on our site. 
            see our privacy policy
             for more information.
        






































home










autism & aac










rec. lang comprehension










concepts & vocabulary










wh-questions & idioms!










social/emotional & life










sentences, seq pict, pron










download our catalog! pos










pictureschedule.com plus!










don d'amore's blog!










articulation speechpages!










articulation fun pages!










minimal difference pairs










motivators & games!










binder bundles!










supplies!










faq










canadian & outside usa










all of our free stuff!










most popular free items!










what customers say!










downloads on our tpt!










about us/contact us

















speechpage publishing company!

since 2005! fun ready-made, ready-to-use, laminated speech & language therapy learning materials loved by thousands of slps, educators, parents, & students!  all drawn by an slp!  








use the search box above to find your favorite speechpage products on our site!
everything from speechpage.com ships to you ready-made & ready-to-use! or you may also purchase expanded downloads of our products from our tpt store:
don d'amore ma ccc-slp speechpage's store on tpt!
we take p.o.'s!  check faq for info!
*popular ready-made & ready-to-use:* interactive wh-questions fun community scenes! 36 lift & reveal cards!
  
 
 









on sale: our unique ready-made & ready-to-use aac sets! 

*fun & unique!* intro to aac expressive reporting 4j!

*popular* intro to aac requesting treats 4k! motivating themes! now  limited time intro price!













other newer ready-made & ready-to-use sets on sale now:
language listening to multi steps 4f (functional themes!) (sale! limited time!)
interactive illustrated emotions/ feelings combo 3a4b  (limited time sale!)
 interactive illustrated social language combo 3a3b (limited time discount!)
speechpages are: 
     • loved by slps, & their clients! 
     • 100% written, designed and custom illustrated by an award winning speech language pathologist with over 25 years experience! (about us)
     • variety! 100's of speechpages! covering most slp therapy topics
     • laminated! ready-made in the usa & ready-to-use!
     • colorful & fun for a wide-range of ages & abilities!
     • sign up for exclusive email specials & discounts insiders only! 
     • all online orders still ship fast for only $4.99! 












interactive wh-questions all 6 wh combo! 3a3b  25% off! save  (limited time sale!)

 
our best selling exclusive speechpages that can show prepositions such as "behind" and "in"  right through the page!

*newer set* language listening to multi steps 4g (silly scenes!) over 10% off now!

 

				 















useful & unique speechpages for aac therapy sessions that clients (&  slps)  just love!  all designed and illustrated by an slp specializing in aac and autism!
aac puzzle activities!
aac requesting activities!
picture schedules!
communication symbols!









follow us on social media! special social media-only deals and announcements!
                
 
buy a big bundle of speechpages from our "binder bundle" selections & get a save plus get a free speechpage binder! 

sign up for our email to access even more great deals every month with an exclusive insider-only password to super savings and special offers to speechpage supersavers only!





• we have sold to thousands of slps. so many have taken the time to write in what they love about us! read some of the unsolicited comments from multi time customers! 
















ordering & contact information: 

• order right now (24/7) with our secure online shopping cart using any major credit card or paypal (note: no paypal account is ever needed!)
• purchase orders: we accept most po's.  shipping & handling for po's is 10% of the order total with $5.00 minimum.

• mail: (orders with checks or p.o.'s) speechpage.com, p.o. box 356, north olmsted, oh 44070

• fax your order with an official p.o.  to: 904.216.5478 or mail po or inquiries to info @ speechpage.com

• voice mail: 440.782.6670 (sorry, at this time we do not accept phone orders)

• e-mail inquiries or po's: info @ speechpage.com (we do not accept personal email orders)

• we ship anywhere in the united states of america. (sorry, our online cart is not  set to ship anywhere else at this.) please contact us at info @ speechpage.com for further information on orders outside of the usa using your paypal account for invoice and payment.

						 

©2004-2018 speechpage.com publishing company & © don d'amore ma ccc-slp















! warning: some materials contain small parts, such as picture cards. not designed for use with children under three! all products are designed only for use with adult supervision. 
speechpage.com® and the speechpage.com® logo are an official registered trademark on file with the united states patent and trademark office. all content is protected by u.s. copyright and international trademark laws. reproduction is strictly prohibited.


credit card orders are processed securely online through paypal as the final part of our secure online shopping cart. our online shopping cart is 100% paypal verified since july 2005! this seal provided by paypal.com links to proof of our paypal verification!
















   






speechpage.com publishing co.
					p.o. box 356
					north olmsted, oh 44070

					  info @ speechpage.com

					fax in your p.o. to: 1-904-216-5478

(s&h for po's is 10% of order, min. $5)

© speechpage.com





















