



  


















irish wolfhound club of america























skip to main content








email address

password



login

forgot yourpassword?




forgot your password?



search website

search










irish wolfhounds

about wolfhounds
wolfhound faqs
wolfhound contacts directory
breeder directory
irish wolfhound clubs
guidelines for choosing, owning and caring for iws
rescue
activities for you and your wolfhound
judges education
grooming iws
historical archives
akc gazette iw columns
dog steps
books


puppies

irish wolfhound puppies
finding your irish wolfhound puppy
placement age
liver shunt 101
appropriate exercise for puppies
how fast does a puppy grow?
socializing your wolfhound puppy
spay/neuter age
rescue


the iwca

about the iwca
iwca membership
club officers
iwca committees
iwca by-laws
donations
iwca policies
codes and standards of conduct
harp & hound
news
longevity recognition program
versatility awards
the celeste winans hutton award


events & activities

upcoming events
2025 iwca specialty - utah
iwca specialties results
performance recognition awards
new titles (akc)
activities for you and your wolfhound


health

wolfhound health
general health
health research
health testing
bones and joints
cancer
endocrine system
eyes
gi system
heart
liver
nervous system / seizure
pneumonia and pcd
other health topics


members





























puppies








iwca 2025national specialty








donate










the irish wolfhound club of america
we hope our website will help you find the information you need. there are links to dozens of resources, articles and contacts for you to explore. enjoy your visit and bookmark our site so you can easily return for new information!
are you considering adding a wolfhound to your family? perhaps you have seen an ad for “irish wolfhound puppies for sale”? please visit our section on finding irish wolfhound puppies for important information on selecting a good breeder, what to look for in a healthy puppy and much more. do you have a question about your wolfhound’s health or care? visit the health section to be directed to articles and resources regarding health conditions in the irish wolfhound.
the iwca serves as the national parent breed club within the american kennel club. our goals include encouraging the highest quality of irish wolfhounds as described in our standard of excellence and providing education for owners, breeders, judges and the general public. our annual national specialty includes conformation, obedience, rally and coursing events. the iwca also sponsors health research initiatives and rescue efforts on behalf of our hounds.

















view all news »
iwca news


asfa names top 2024 iws
02/06/2025
the best coursing iws of 2024 




several irish wolfhounds met 2024 akc obedience classic eligibility requirements
12/08/2024
three iwca member-owned irish wolfhounds met the eligibility requirements to enter the prestigious 2024 akc obedience classic to be held in orlando, florida in december.




irish wolfhounds invited to the 2024 akc fast cat invitational
10/06/2024
the iwca would like to congratulate the following 2 irish wolfhounds owned by iwca members for being invited to the 2024 akc fast cat invitational to be held october 8-12 in wilmington, ohio.








view all events »
wolfhound events


potomac valley irish wolfhound club specialty
03/30/2025 - 03/31/2025




heart of ohio irish wolfhound association specialty
04/05/2025




irish wolfhound association of the carolinas specialty
04/20/2025




irish wolfhound club of canada - bc branch specialty
05/03/2025















irish wolfhounds

find a puppy
iw faqs
wolfhound breeder directory
iw contacts directory
local clubs
judges education
health info



iwca

about the iwca
committees
rescue
join the iwca
donate
irish wolfhound news






facebook
twitter
youtube








copyright © 2025 irish wolfhound club of america, inc., unless otherwise noted. content and photography cannot be reprinted, redistributed, or otherwise used without written permission from the iwca or the copyright holder.
information published on this website may contain personal and professional opinions and experiences and is provided for general interest and guidance only. the information is provided with the understanding that the authors and the iwca are not rendering legal, ethical or other  professional advice and services. the opinions expressed are the authors’ own and not necessarily those of the irish wolfhound club of america, inc. information on this website should not be used as a substitute for consultation with your own professional advisors.
listings of manufacturers, practitioners, publications, suppliers, or links to commercial or non-commercial sites do not constitute an endorsement on our part. there is no implied or express warranty or guarantee of merchantability or fitness for any particular usage, application or purpose.
links to this site do not imply endorsement of any products, services, organizations, companies, information providers or content of the linking site by the iwca, inc.
privacy policy | powered by dialogs
contact the iwca internet committee with website questions.














