










dive right-coron, padi dive center s-6121


















dive
    right-coron 




daily dive trips
    --- wreck / nitrox / technical diving --- underwater photography --- padi
    and tdi diver training


































dive 11 world war two japanese wrecks at 12 to 43 meters,
    caves, 2 geothermal hot lakes, coral reefs and walls. diver training through
    advanced nitrox and wreck penetration. ...learn to dive in
    warm, calm, crystal clear water. 









photos about dive right-coron request information form newsletters deutsche contact us 







daily
    diving






dive
    11 world war two japanese wrecks at 12 to 43 meters, caves, 2 geothermal
    hot lakes, coral reefs and walls. diver training through advanced nitrox and
    swreck penetration. learn to dive in warm, calm, crystal clear water. padi
    dive center dive right-coron makes daily trips for two or three wreck
    dives. 







coron's dive sites 







coron
    is well blessed with a wide range of dive sites to suit all tastes and
    levels of experience, from shallow pristine reefs to advanced wreck diving.
    full details and wreck drawings can be found here. 





water temperature 







water
    temperature is 27 to 30 c or 80 to 86 f. using a 3 mm one-piece wet suit
    with gloves is dive right's recommendation for coron's wreck dives. 





visibility underwater 







some
    cave, reef, wall and wreck dive sites are in the open ocean giving 20+
    meters visibility. the two hot lakes have 20+ meter viz. six big wrecks in
    coron bay have visibility that varies with the strength of the tidal flow. 





biodiversity 







the
    area between the philippines, malaysia and indonesia has been been stable
    longer than any other ocean region on earth giving marine organisms a chance
    to develop in more diverse forms than any other marine region. 





diving 







diving
    on nitrox is for depths from 16 to 45 meters. it is not a gas for deep
    dives. within appropriate depth limits nitrox will allow increased no
    decompression limits, shorten surface intervals, or decrease your
    decompression requirement. dive right-coron offers both padi and tdi nitrox
    diver training courses. make your nitrox diver training dives on the wrecks
    and enjoy more bottom time. 





technical diving 







dive
    right-coron teaches through tdi advanced nitrox diver and supports
    technical divers making any dive that they are trained for. dive
    right-coron can provide stage cylinders for high o2 decompression gases.
    dive right can provide dive lights and reels and a wide variety of
    equipment for the traveling technical diver. 





wrecks







not
    sure you want to dive on wrecks. after 55 years underwater the wrecks are coral
    reefs with their own resident fish populations. compared to wrecks in
    british waters these are intact, have no appreciable current, and have good
    visibility. 





learn to dive







yes!
    we can teach you how to dive! besides being good divers themselves, our
    padi and tdi instructors have been trained to teach you. bring your swimsuit.
    we provide everything else. 





advanced diver training







the
    wrecks are a great place for advanced diver training. the 5 training dives
    for the padi advanced open water diver course can be done on the wrecks.
    nitrox diver and wreck diver specialty courses can be integrated with
    advanced training or done separately. 





padi instructor training







want to
    become a padi open water scuba instructor? dive right-coron teams up with
    the most experienced padi course director in the philippines to offer padi
    open water scuba instructor training for $950 us! 





deepstops







if you
    happily embraced the concept of a "safety stop" then here is
    additional information you must be aware of. a must for older divers, deep
    divers, and divers doing decompression diving. any diver traveling to
    remote and exotic diving locations where you can't call a coast guard
    helicopter or emergency medical services must read this!








  










seven of
    the 11 wrecks were major ships longer than the 118 meter armed seaplane
    tender, "akitsushima". click coron's dive
    sites for pictures of all of the wrecks.  




 

  

coron is a small fishing and trading town on busuanga island in the
    calamian island group southwest of manila. coron is off of the regularly
    travelled tourist path. since the people here don't make their living off
    of you they don't hustle you non-stop like on boracay. you won't feel like
    you are in an over-developed tourist ghetto. no need to dodge crowds of
    "package tour" tourists.
coron has remained quiet through all of the trouble on the flyspeck
    islands of basilan, tawi tawi, sulu and jolo in the far south below
    mindanao. right now the philippine army has the dissident muslim rebels
    trapped on basilan island. 




dive
    right-coron is located in coron town, on busuanga island, in the calamian
    island group.  




 
     




welcome
    to diveright-coron.com, the only stop you need to make for complete travel,
    lodging, diving and activity information for coron town, busuanga island!
    this site is for anybody with an interest in:  



 
     







 


coral reef snorkelling 
wreck snorkeling 
scuba diving 
wreck diving 
nitrox and technical
           diving 
underwater photography 
padi and tdi diver
           training 
sea kayaking and boating
           
fishing and hiking 
motorcycling or mountain
           biking 
sightseeing in palawan 
wildlife and ecology 
 



 



if
    it's information you need, it's here. you can get more information by
    clicking on the links on the left and right sides.  




 
     


  

  



whatever
    you're looking for, if you're an avid scuba diver, a wreck or tech fanatic,
    a honey-mooning couple, a nature lover, or just a barefoot traveller, if
    coron has it you can find out about it here at
diveright-coron.com  




 
     


  

  







padi dive center s-6121 / tdi facility, dive right-coron  



 


 

 
coron bay.
  beautiful emerald and turquoise seas. white sand beaches. towering limestone
  cliffs. the day trip for diving is worth the scenery alone.
 

 
14 meters, deck of okikawa maru.
  everyone can dive outside the wrecks and enjoy beautiful corals and abundant
  fish life. hour long dives are common.
 

 
cathederal cave.
  a once in a lifetime dive. you'll never forget this diving experience.
 






history of coron







american
    carrier based fighters and bombers flew almost 600 km to pull off a
    surprise attack on japanese ships which had assembled in coron bay. the
    ships sunk in this attack litter the bottom of coron bay. fifty six years
    has turned them into coral reefs with their own resident fish populations.





lodging in coron 







choose
    from a bed n' breakfast, a garden resort, a lodging house built over the
    water, and a beach resort. 





health matters







mosquitos
    with malaria are not a problem on busuanga island in the calamian island
    group. drink bottled water and eat in the tourist restaurants and you won't
    have a problem. prevent sunburn! 





climate and weather 







rainy
    season ended 15 october 2001. skies are blue, clouds are fluffy white,
    winds are gentle and warm. our weather is generally dry from september or
    october through to the 1st or 2nd week of june and rainy (daily showers)
    from june through september or october. we are on the edge of the typhoon
    belt ....... 





travel to coron by air 







coron
    can be reached by air. depending on the day of the week, there are three to
    four daily 55 minute flights from manila. 





airline baggage limits 







airlines
    serving coron have a 10 kg limit for checked baggage. baggage over 10 kg
    will be charged an excess baggage fee of $1 us per kg. a group of divers
    with full dive gear definately need to read more.






travel to coron by ship 







coron
    can be reached by sea. there are several sailings from manila per week. the
    ship leaving manila at 4 pm on friday is "tourist class".






telecomms







book
    outgoing calls and faxs at globe and rcpi pay stations. check your e-mail
    at one internet cafe. smart now has one gsm cell-phone tower in coron..





money matters







money
    changing is available for $us but at a rate lower than in manila. payment
    by credit card costs an additional 6.5%. 





non-diving activities







island
    hopping, exploring, beachcombing, motorcycles, mountain biking, fishing,
    hiking, sea kayaking, visits to the hot springs, day trips to other islands
    





night life







night
    life in coron is pub style. there are a limited number of tourist restaurants
    which also provide music and alcohol. night life is conversation with other
    divers while sitting around your drink and listening to music. there is a
    small disco in town. 





airport transfers







information
    about transfer from the international airport to the domestic airport. also
    transfer information to the most frequently used manila hotels.





lodging in manila







your
    trip to coron may require an overnight stay in manila on arrival or on
    departure. here are clean safe hotels and pensions in all price ranges. all
    have been used by dive right's divers in the past with great satisfaction. 





prices







a 
                  price list for diving, lodging, and per day packages.













trusted travel agents







if you
    want the security of a bonded travel agent in your home country here are the
    agents we work with. 





click to contact us







if you want to send an e-mail to
    dive right-coron please click here. 






 




 


 


 


 


 




dive right-coron supports and promotes
recreational and technical scuba diving on 

 
 
content updated: 03 january 2005,
copyright dive right.dive right's webpages contain complete and accurate
information regularly and personally updated as there are changes in travel
schedules, lodging information or contact information.dive right has direct,
daily access to the servers where this web-page is hosted.other dive shops have
plagiarized our outdated information and haven't updated it in years! dive
right offers complete travel, lodging and diving packages.when travel agents
book you, we make the reservations for them and you.regardless of how you travel,
the price will be the same as if we had arranged it for you 




dive right - home* request 
    information form * lodging 
    in manila * history 
    of coron * diving 
    in coron * diving 
    on nitrox * coron's 
    dive sites * padi 
    diver training * lodging 
    in coron * air travel 
    to coron * travel by ship 
    * telecom in coron 
    * travel agents 
    * prices * contact us* airport transfers * links * deeper safety stops * 
    money matters * underwater visibility * technical diving * night life * advanced diver training 
    * climate * 
    health in coron * deutsche * wrecks * non-diving activities 

 
 


