





overspending shopping addiction – the shulman center









































		skip to content








 









shoplifting




overspending




hoarding




employee theft







professional, confidential, comprehensive, and effective treatment. 



expert psychotherapy, therapist training, presentations, & corporate consulting
available in-person, by telephone, and via video-conferencing 





recovery is just a phone call 



248.358.8508 



or an email away. 








 











 

 





 
							home						
 

 close home


 open home











home




about us




online store











 
							professional counseling						
 

 close professional counseling


 open professional counseling











professional counseling




other resources




corporate consulting




therapist training




therapy testimonials




counselor training testimonials











 
							shoplifting						
 

 close shoplifting


 open shoplifting











shoplifting




something for nothing book




casa / support group




shoplifting videos




shoplifting assessment  quiz




donate casa











 
							overshopping/overspending						
 

 close overshopping/overspending


 open overshopping/overspending











overshopping/overspending




bought out and spent! book




debtors anynonymus group




overspending videos











 
							employee theft						
 

 close employee theft


 open employee theft











employee theft




biting the hand that feeds book




casa / support group




corporate testimonials




employee theft video











 
							hoarding						
 

 close hoarding


 open hoarding











hoarding




cluttered lives, empty souls book




clutterers anonymous support groups




hoarding videos











 
							contact us						
 

 close contact us


 open contact us











media / presentations




video archives




articles / publications




newsletter archives























 








how much do you have to buy to feel good enough?

do you shop when you're anxious, then the debt makes it worse?

you can break that vicious circle / control your spending. 











overshopping / overspending 



how much would you have to buy in order to fill the emptiness you feel? are you allowing others, advertisers and our consumer culture to define you? do you want to keep working the rest of your life just afford your lifestyle and expenditures.welcome to shopaholics anonymous. terrence shulman has extensive experience helping recovering overspenders and overshoppers, and has been featured as an expert on the today show, the early show, mtv, women’s entertainment network tv, the montel show and more.the shulman center can help you beat your spending/shopping addiction and give you the tools you need to live the life you want to live. find out if you are a compulsive shopper or spender and how the shulman center’s specialized, intensive counseling program can help you. 






find out how! 















you may also want to visit debtors anonymous at https://www.debtorsanonymous.org.
 



reports vary, saying that between 5% and 9% of americans have compulsive shopping disorders.
 



our purpose is to provide safe, confidential and non-judgmental places for compassion, understanding and recovery from "addictive-compulsive" dishonest behavior, primarily shoplifting, fraud, kleptomania and embezzlement.
 



our program provides compassionate, confidential and non-judgmental counseling, giving you the tools you need to change your life. the shulman center program [link counseling page] has been continually evolving and fine-tuning from its earliest successful results. expert therapy/counseling sessions are available by phone with terrence d. shulman jd, lmsw, acsw, caac, cpc — attorney, addictions counselor, and expert on shopping/spending addictions. typically, 90% of our clients enroll in and successfully complete the basic program.our goal is to educate individuals and the community at large about the complex motivations and recovery treatment process for these behaviors, while emphasizing personal responsibility and accountability. 









we all shop for many reasons but the addict buys to relieve anxiety and over time the buying creates a dysfunctional lifestyle and more and more of their focus is on shopping and sometimes the cover-up too.
 





why do people overspend/overshop? 



grief and loss (to fill a void)anger/feeling life is unfair (to get back/make life right)depression (to get a lift)anxiety/stress (to comfort or soothe)acceptance/competition (to fit in)power/control (to feel empowered or in control)boredom/excitement (to live on the edge)shame/low self-esteem (to distract from feelings of worthlessness)entitlement/reward (to compensate for over-giving or sacrifice)rebellion/initiation (to break into one’s own identity) 





consequences of overspending/overshopping: 



loss of timeloss of respectloss of relationshipsloss of healthloss of self-esteemembarrassment of othersloss of focusloss of reputationloss of propertyother legal issuesloss of finances 












 



counseling and
therapy services 











ready to change your life? 



let the shulman center’s one-on-one and family counseling help you get on the right track.

the shulman center offers counseling services via skype, by phone, or videoconferencing.

 



click to learn about counseling. 






schedule a session now!











 



read bought out
and $pent 











bought out and $pent, recovery from compulsive $hopping and $pending, written by terrence shulman, has helped countless recovering overspenders and is used in conjunction with his counseling program. 




 








 



find a support group near you 











the benefits of personal support could make all the difference.there are many support groups across the country that meet locally or over the phone. find the one right for you at http://debtorsanonymous.org. 












 



read cluttered lives,
empty souls 











cluttered lives, empty souls, compulsive stealing, spending & hoarding, written by terrence shulman, has helped countless people with addictive behaviors and is used in conjunction with his counseling program. 




 








 



learn about overspending 











get the facts about shoplifting and types of shoplifters.what is the difference between kleptomania and addictive-compulsive stealing?answer 20 questions to find out if you are a compulsive shoplifter.read articles written by mr. shulman and others. 






learn more now!














read articles and learn more about overspending.










view our overspending video archive collection.










need the proof that it works? read testimonials!










dont hesitate! you can start your new line now!














 







 





 





 





 






sign up for our newsletter 











 











the shulman center
p.o. box 250008
franklin, michigan 48025 



248.359.8508 



email the shulman center 
















home




professional counseling




other resources




shoplifting




donate to casa




overspending




employee theft




hoarding




corporate consulting












counselor training




testimonials




about us




articles/publications




newsletter archives




video archives




media/ presentations




online store




contact us




privacy statement











copyright © 2023 the shulman center, all rights reserved. 








 scroll to top





















