


	home
















 ×
import page template














        please wait a moment
    















register
|
login
















































about us



our story


leadership


sponsors


rli iowa chapter awards


advocacy


contact us





join



about chapter membership


join today





learn



about landu


course overview - chapter vs. national courses


upcoming courses & events


alc designation


landu faqs





resources



land trends and values


rli land connections


national land market survey


find a land consultant





events



chapter meetings


national land conference


landu education bootcamp


spring seminar





land for sale










 






 

























 

x

about usour storyleadershipsponsorsrli iowa chapter awardsadvocacycontact usjoinabout chapter membershipjoin todaylearnabout landucourse overview - chapter vs. national coursesupcoming courses & eventsalc designationlandu faqsresourcesland trends and valuesrli land connectionsnational land market surveyfind a land consultanteventschapter meetingsnational land conferencelandu education bootcampspring seminarland for sale









 



 


 
register
|
login
 































your destination for land expertise
the landscape is always shifting. regulations change. opportunities grow and fade. challenges emerge. we're here to help you navigate the terrain of the land industry.

find out more






















know the land
chapter courses
ongoing education opportunities for industry expertise that puts your clients at ease.

learn more














know the ropes
resources
relevant trends and information to grow your expertise and set yourself apart.

learn more














know the people
meetings and events
local and nationwide collaboration with peers who share your committment and challenges.

learn more




























































 rli national
rli is your destination for land expertise. we're here to help you stay competitive, connected and confident through specialized education including national virtual courses, the latest industry information and nationwide collaboration with your peers.



















 rli iowa chapter
welcome to your local connection to what's happening in the land industry. come to us for in-person education, events and to build local relationships that expand your business. our member community of over 90 land real estate professionals across iowa and nebraska is dedicated to being the best in the business.















































know the land
ongoing education for industry expertise that puts your clients at ease.

upcoming courses
chapter vs national courses
landu education overview
















know the ropes
relevant resources to grow your expertise, your confidence, and set yourself apart.

find a local land consultant 
rli land blog
land market survey
















know the people
collaboration with peers who share your commitment and challenges.

about the chapter
national rli
attend a chapter event











































our people
rli members know the value of being part of the voice of land








"i have been in the land industry for over 20 years and i will say that joining rli has been one of the best things i have ever done to improve my business. i have made life long friends through this organization through networking - they contribute to my business every year through making deals or just having someone to ask for another opinion. if you are in the land industry, there is no organization that will give you more than what is provided by rli."

jeramy stephens, alc
national land realty
little rock, ar








"if you want to further your land career, gain more education, and network with other land professionals, you need to join rli! what you don't know, you don't know. after joining rli, i realized quickly how much i could grow professionally from realizing better ways to showcase a property, to identifying aspects of a transaction that i need to be more aware of when representing clients. this is a fabulous organization that comes together to ensure everyone succeeds."

jennifer janet, alc
coldwell banker professional associates
perryville, mo








"i joined rli because i was deeply interested in learning more about practicing land real estate at a high level and it was clear from the start that rli was an authoritative voice in the field. moreover, the network of real life, experienced land agents willing to help me was staggering. the knowledge, sincerity, camaraderie, and fun i get out of being an rli member is invaluable. i say often that it is the best professional organization i have associated myself with, regardless of local, state, or national scale."

stephen j b davis
keller williams bluegrass realty
lexington, ky












































































































































































about us







iowa real estate broker competency requirements – understanding what is required of you! 
what does it mean for a real estate broker to be competent in the practice of real estate? a real estate broker must have the competency to properly advise and guide their client in order to protect the client’s interests.













quick links






chapter leadership
chapter events
landu education
accredited land consultant designation












subscribe






join our chapter mailing list!









































































copyright 2025 iowa rli chapter, all rights reserved
|
privacy statement
|
terms of use





















