

home...
of the only (patented) abc/wibc & pba approved "bowling ball dynamics -
control system" & pgi's custom"thermal-inliner".













departments

meet the inventor


pgi story / interview

testimonial's


first 100 
          pioneers

about perfecta 
            grip


pgi product pictures

about 
            our system 

how 
            it works!

where to 
            get our system 


bowling loses
          brandon hilgendorf



schlegel wins..!

 with pgi 


forkel..."retires" retirement plans



pgi 
          inventor shoots "sport-sanctioned" 300,
          at age 50




			"team perfecta-grip"- wins march 
			2008 malarkey team event!


jeff roche finishes 4that 
          ‘04 hrt!…& wins $10,000



initial awardees have been honored 
            but our list will continue to grow



pf ultimate house 
          ball program


"perfecta 
          fit" pilot program at taylor is really off & running! 
          



want to elevate our sport?

infringers
            beware!   
          


1987 
          "super sport" article


this is bowling... without pgi !!!






controversially speaking
(bowling's rude awakening)




			brilliant question.... 
			when will they ever wake up?





so you want to 
			be a pro?
			better read this first!





inventors beware! blog



    where do i 
			bowl..? 

  at: airway
lanes,,,

where bowling is still 
fun

  and they don't penalize 

      performance!

			 

			  www.airwaylanes.com
 


welcome to perfecta-grip
industries... home... of the only (patented) abc/wibc & 
      pba approved"bowling
ball dynamics - control
system" & pgi's custom"thermal-inliner".we 
      are: "the pioneer... of bowling ball - 
      dynamics control technology".these are merely some, of what our unique 
      perfecta-grip interchangeable finger & thumb 
      inserts...will (with practice) - enable you to learn to 
      control:a) all variable aspects, related to a ball's
      pitch, span, & hole configuration.
b) other advantages such as - compatibility
      / with other [standard] grip products.
c) "roll pattern" and "path
      of motion"(thus all reactions) of your
      bowling ball.
d) "forward roll" to "side
      roll" ratio, can now be determined by
      you (at will).
e) your ball's arc, breakpoint distance,
      track location, as well as hitting power.
f) a keen sense of awareness of "true
      balance" - both in, and out of, your
      hand.
g) consistency of both - superior "feel"
      - & a "totally controlled roll pattern".
h) your overall - bowling awareness, optimum
      potential, and confidence level.
i) your attitude regarding "adaptation
      & change"- 2 main keys to understanding.
j) your bowling environment, such as using
      "oil migration"... to benefit you.it has been our goal since 1987 for bowlers everywhere to 
      experience the"difference" that our systems can bring to the game of 
      bowling ! finally...you can achieve "total ball dynamics 
      control"...and, a state of the art feel "thermally enhanced" with 
      pgi's perfecta-cast all at the 
      same time......in each and every ball that you own - or use 
      !!we now cordially 
      invite you to visit (or become)... one of our officially authorized
"perfecta-grip proshops" who have been 
      carefully trained to serve all of your pgi needs - while introducing 
      you to a whole new world that awaits you... within the perfecta-grip 
      universe!feel free 
      to email us with your questions or comments. we can help you bowl 
      better more often!our
      sincerest thanks, and best wishes!
arnie goldman - inventor
      /founder - pgi


congratulations to jeff roche - gdba masters champion - $4,000 first place -feb 3, 2013... 
      congratulation jason narlock, 877 series (298, 279, 300)...  congratulations to john peters who bowled his first 3 800's ever
      ina span of 2 months with a high of 866!... congratulations to larry weiler jr. had to settle for 869 in his bid for 900.
      congratulations to jay narlock again who just bowled his first usbc tournament and took the lead with 299 and 692 - 
      which may be seen on bowl.com (our website is currently under 
      reconstruction...so please bear with us as we strive 
      to provide you with the most current up-to-date information concerning our 
      product and the many accomplishments of it's faithful users! newly 
      updated items and pages will be added regularly. so add pgi to your list 
      of favorites. our information, as well as our products can help you 
      improve your game! ...want proof..? visit our "testimonials" link...to 
      hear firsthand from pgi users - how 
      the"perfecta-grip" system really works! check out the 
      first "100" pioneers awardees... who have each claimed their own 
      place in pgi bowling history! taylor lanes debuts our totally unique perfecta-fit
      ultimate house ball program in march 2004!

copyright © perfecta grip industries 2003












