



















diamond engagement rings danville, virginia, loose diamonds, va

























  (434) 792.6561  
our location








toggle main navigation






  



wishlist









my cart 0




                                            there is no item in your cart!
                                        
















search





login 


































enagement & wedding 
shop by ring style
shop by ring styleclassichalovintageinfinitynostalgic
shop by collection
shop by collectionour most popular engagement ring stylesladies diamond bandsmens solid bandsring guards and wrapsmens diamond bands
bridal designer collections
bridal designer collectionsartcarveda.jaffechristopher designs engagement ringsy.o.u. bespoke
shop for diamonds
shop for diamondssearch for a diamond jewelry 
rings
ringsdiamond ringsgemstone ringsstackable ringssilver rings
earrings
earringsdiamond earringsdiamond stud earringsgemstone earringssilver earrings
pendant & necklaces
pendant & necklacesdiamond pendantsgemstone pendantssilver pendants & necklaces
bracelets
braceletsdiamond braceletsgemstone braceletssilver bracelets
jewelry collections
jewelry collectionsestate jewelrymens jewelry
fashion designer collections
fashion designer collectionsrhythm of loveshy creationhearts on firepandorajohn hardy designer collections 
bridal designers
bridal designersartcarveda.jaffehearts on firey.o.u. bespoke
fashion designers
fashion designersanna zuckerman luxuryshy creationhearts on firepandoralevianjohn hardyrhythm of love holiday giftswatches 
watch brands
watch brandsthin blue and red linecitizenpre-owned rolex services and education 
services
servicesdiamond & gold buyingjewelry repairsappraisalsfinancing optionscustom designpandora carewatch repairsrolex repairspeace of mind extended service & repair planfinger mate adjustable ring sizers
education
educationwedding guidebuying guidefamous diamondswatch educationgemstonesdiamond educationpearl educationmetal educationjewelry guide about us 
store information
store informationhours and directionssales teameventscareerscare plan
learn more
learn morecommunitycatalogsmailing list signupvideo cornerhistory 




















search





















































	welcome to

	ben david jewelers

	when we say see you at ben davids, it's more than a sales pitch, we genuinely love our customers like a family. we want to see you for all of your occasions and join us in our celebrations.

learn more

	#seeyouatbendavids













our stunning brands




























































engagement ring







wedding bands







fashion jewelry







watches









 april's picks of the month

















                    0.31ct 14k yellow gold diamond love knot circle ne....                




                                                $1185.00
                                            






















                    diamond double heart pendant necklace in 14k yello....                




                                                $299.00
                                            






















                    diamond open heart pendant necklace in 14k white g....                




                                                $899.00
                                            
















ben david jewelers has been serving the fine jewelry needs of families in the southside area of virginia and north carolina since the 1950s. the jewelry designer brands that our loyal customers love are always well stocked. as a direct diamond importer, our customers are assured that only ethical diamonds are used in their fine jewelry. we stock many different brands of finely crafted rings, pendants, bracelets and earrings in order to provide beautiful jewelry for every budget. when you need a ring or other jewelry handmade, our in-house custom design team can bring that piece to reality.  if you can dream it, we can make it.
ben david jewelers offers expert craftsmanship in fine jewelry for all customers.




learn more









find your perfect diamond































































	buying jewelry doesn't have to hurt

	financing your way

	you found the perfect person, you found the perfect rings, now let us help you find the financing option that fits you. we have multiple options available for you when "its's a match"!

payment options













repairs







financing







appraisals







gold buying












our customers love us!


i purchased a ring the within the last few weeks. i couldn't have been treated better. i has a million questions and they are not only answered but i was reassured they were good solid questions. i was there for hours and they waited on me over an hour after they closed. i was on my way out of the country where i thought of possibly buying in the bahamas, i am so glad i didn't. i purchased before i left with a 30 day money back guarantee. while i was out of country i went and looked at several places and the prices were 400 to 500 percent higher. and for less tcw rings. i have checked several places since i have been back in town and even here it looks like i made the right decision. i am so happy. i hope to do more business with them in the future. thank you bdj.
anthony burtt




i can't say enough about the wonderful wedding day we had because of the remarkable staff at ben david's. they went out of their way to make my son's wedding the most important day of his life with his bride lisa. everything was done professional and elegant. all we had to do was show up with the marriage certificate and they took care of the rest. i would recommend them highly if you're looking to book you're valentine's day wedding for next year. i will continue giving all my business to them. thanks ben david's...you're the best.
carla russell glover




i've shopped at ben david for nearly ten years and i've never had a negative experience. the staff has always been very professional and extremely helpful. i wouldn't go anywhere else.
kevin robbins




ben david's have top quality jewelry. my husband purchased my engagement ring & band there & its very beautiful!the staff there are also so friendly and helpful!
lakisha harris




for all out best customer service, and perfect conduct in customer relations.. no place , no where, any better! ben david jewelers is awesome!!!!
renee' hodges




ben david's is an upscale jewelry store with a kind and knowledgeable staff to assist the customers. thank you for helping others now.
ruth meadors




love this place!!! great atmosphere, great people and beautiful jewels!!!!
corylorrie mckinley




had a wonderful experience at ben david jewelers today! the sales women were helpful and patient! they gladly helped me with an exchange, a repair (which ended up being a replacement of two items purchased elsewhere at no charge to me), a purchase, and a free pandora charm! if i was not already a loyal customer - today would have made me one!
ashlyn tucker




i have never had such high quality customer service in a retail store that i had at ben david jewelers. i had a stunning verragio engagement ring made there, and they delivered it all the way from danville to me in lynchburg. if you want premium quality jewelry with even better customer service, then please pick ben david jewelers!
ricky deakyne














join our newsletter
signup for news and updates delivered straight to your inbox!







submit







we want your reviews








follow us on instagram











saved items (0)




use this space to save the products you like. to add a product here, simply click the   icon.






















    459 mount cross road
    danville, va 24540
    local: (434)-792-6561
    toll free: 1-888-433-4104
     fax: (434) 792-6444





shopping+

bridal
jewelry
watches
designers





at your service+

our services
events
shipping policy
returns policy
education & buying guides





our company+

about us
contact us
our history
community







store hours+

monday - friday: 10:00am - 6:00pm saturday: 10:00am - 5:00pm sunday: closed






we're social+






























terms & conditions -
privacy policy -
sitemap






© 2025 bendavidjewelers.com 































