













great eastern management company






























































menu



residential


commercial


development


about us


contact us


home



great eastern management co.
						copyright © 2017. all rights reserved.
					









 



westgate apartments
						  	 best location with the most included!
					  	



 



blue ridge shopping center
						  	what you need close to home.
					  	



 



barclay place
						  	quality living in a community that cares
					  	



 



pantops shopping center
						  	pop in and shop pantops.
					  	



 



park apartments
						  	location & convenience in the friendly city.
					  	



 



tarleton square
						  	downtown at your fingertips.
					  	



 


seminole square shopping center
						  	find what you love. love what you find.
					  	



 


waterhouse building
						  	home of worldstrides and the residences at 218!
					  	



 


court square facility
						  	class a facility just steps from the downtown mall and across the street from the city and county courthouses.
					  	











residential









commercial









development











established in 1972, the charlottesville, va based great eastern management company develops, constructs, and manages income-producing real estate properties and engages in other related business ventures and investments. in addition to its ongoing involvement in developing and constructing real estate assets in central virginia, great eastern currently owns and manages multi-family residential properties, shopping centers, office buildings, and raw land in charlottesville, albemarle county, harrisonburg, and the surrounding area.





			great eastern management company develops, constructs, and manages income-producing real estate properties in  charlottesville, va and surrounding areas.
		





					great eastern management company
					2619 hydraulic road
					charlottesville, va 22901
write to us at: 
					p.o. box 5526
					charlottesville, va 22905-5526
				

telephone: 434-296-4141
fax: 434-963-2670
operations@gemc.com








	
					copyright © 2025 gemc. all rights reserved.   /   website by chatmossweb







