




 









metro elevator – getting our customers to the top since 1970!

































































































 (800) 464-7870 | request quote
 





 










home
about us

client site gallery
client site slideshow


hoists
lifts
in the news
f.a.q.
contact | quotes

request hoist quote
contact us








 










welcome to metro elevator
metro elevator offers champion® and fraco construction hoists, material-only hoists, and industrial lifts for lease or sale.  metro elevator also offers a wide variety of reconditioned and re-manufactured hoists systems for sale.
request quote
 
featured video: ride the pink elevator!!!











metro elevator provides construction hoists and lifting technology for a wide variety of construction projects throughout north america. we can offer a competitive quotation for the equipment and services your project requires. metro elevator is a proud supporter of the susan g komen organization (watch video above for details), and is helping to raise awareness and research dollars throughout the united states with “ride the pink elevator” , an initiative to help eradicate breast cancer..
equipment and services
metro elevator provides various sizes of hoisting equipment for both construction and industrial applications anywhere in the united states.  listed below are the three core areas of our company.
champion us-60-1r
construction hoists
we also provide complete erection, dismantling, maintenance, and technical services for all types of construction hoists. our rental fleet consists of over 40 hoists by champion® and fraco® hoists! we can lower your overall construction costs, improve safety, and expedite the speed by which you complete your construction and renovation projects.
industrial lift
industrial lifts
we also sell and permanently install industrial lifts for electric power plants, oil refineries, mines, factories, industrial facilities of every kind.
hoist refurbishing
metro offers hoist refurbishing services and can rehabilitate or re-manufacture to a like new condition non-functioning  or under-performing rack-and-pinion hoists. call metro today at 1-800-464-7870 for more information.












support a cause… lease pink!
metro elevator donates to the susan g. komen® organization to raise funds in support of breast cancer awareness and research by deploying pink elevators in major cities throughout the usa.  this initiative is known as “ride the pink elevator.” support breast health through ride the pink elevator!













amount raised: $22,186.00project:  rockport generation plant
partners: aep / indiana michigan poweramount raised: $10,015.00project:  metrohealth hospital, cleveland oh
partners:  gilbane, regency, & burkshireamount raised: $12,395.00project:  the rowe - grand rapids, mi 
partner:  triangle construction companyamount raised: $5,583.00project:  good samaritan hospital - cleveland
partner:  hunt constructionamount raised: $5,000.00project:  marathon petroleum findlay, oh
partners:  charles construction / gilbaneamount raised: $6,850.00project:  aloft hotel - louisville, ky
partner:  whittenberg constructionamount raised: $17,934.68project:  618 south st. ann arbor, mi 
partner:  clayco corporationamount raised: $9,010.00project:  central michigan university
partners:  clark construction / spence brothersour contractors have raised $90,554.26call elevator charlie to get your pink elevator!800-hoists-0 (800-464-7870)









metro elevator proudly donated to many susan g komen affiliates in support of research and community services.








share this:click to print (opens in new window)click to email a link to a friend (opens in new window)click to share on twitter (opens in new window)click to share on pocket (opens in new window)click to share on linkedin (opens in new window)click to share on facebook (opens in new window)click to share on tumblr (opens in new window)click to share on reddit (opens in new window)click to share on pinterest (opens in new window)



 request quote
ride the pink elevator

 

fraco’s north american distributor metro elevator is an authorized distributor for fraco construction and industrial hoists.
fraco construction hoists

metro quality standards 
comprehensive customer analytics
precise equipment specifications
99.999% proven performance and reliablitiy

 past projects slide show
past projects photo gallery
 

metro news & articles 
construction hoist tips (1)

construction hoists (6)

featured articles (1)

hoist manufacturers (1)

metro allstars (1)

metro sponsorships (2)

newsletters (1)

pink elevator news (4)

power plants (2)

project of the month (1)


elevator charlie 






contact | quotes
call 1-800-464-7870 for immediate response between 7:30 am and 4:00 pm (est) or just click the contact us button to the right.


metro elevator offers worldwide hoist sales and installs in both usa and canada. 

contact us | request quote







latest tweets tweets by @metroelevator

 

hours of operation metro elevator's corporate office is available by phone between the hours of 7:30 am and 4:00 pm est monday thru friday

call us at 317-562-9833 or 1-800-hoists-0.

 





recent posts


wish tv 8 interview with elevator charlie on pink elevators
april 10, 2017


elevator world magazine – featured article
december 8, 2015


ann arbor magazine features the pink elevator
december 8, 2015


 





© 2016 metro elevator co., inc. all rights reserved.



hoists for sale
hoists for lease
industrial lifts for sale
industrial lifts for lease







social media icons  powered by acurax web design company








 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website



























































 



