








home - university graduate school






































































































 









twitterfacebookyoutubeflorida international university   


about

contact us
message from the dean
staff directory
campus map


students

forms
deadlines
policies & procedures
thesis & dissertation
commencement
students and alumni spotlights
student resources
graduate program directors
get involved


graduate funding

graduate assistantships
ugs fellowships
external funding


professional development

career readiness and pathways
research communication
events and workshops


faculty/staff

program director’s resources
policies & procedures
faculty resources
graduate faculty list


admissions
search




menu


menu

 







latest updates: fiu presidential search | covid-19 information


latest updates: fiu presidential search | covid-19 information

learn moremeet the new board memberslearn about the ugs writing fellows programsee morefiu grad programs among the best in the nation in u.s. news rankingsread morelearn morepreviousnext123456

learn moremeet the new board memberslearn about the ugs writing fellows programfiu grad programs among the best in the nation in u.s. news rankingsfiu grad students now have access to beyond graduate school and beyond the professoriate, two online tools that help graduate students explore careers and develop job search skills.
previousnext123456
why choose fiu


join an innovative university with an established position as a leader in graduate education.

learn more about fiu

student forms
 learn more

calendar & deadlines
 learn more

admission requirements
 learn more


message from the dean
 previousnext12to:
subject:
date:
curae; interdum massa sit non pulvinar etiam torquent morbi at leo ut adipiscing taciti phasellus mollis sem blandit adipiscing, sollicitudin interdum in felis cum accumsan cum accumsan mi.
nibh sagittis porta, taciti neque duis scelerisque, sagittis nulla venenatis, pellentesque etiam magnis. aliquet neque. etiam. inceptos pharetra sit dis elementum posuere tempus eleifend. gravida ornare, hendrerit id mi posuere urna, facilisi lacus eget.
primis condimentum vulputate ornare conubia litora quisque convallis donec mauris est porta hendrerit. ad velit integer penatibus egestas donec fames libero sem aptent magnis aptent potenti phasellus. ultrices in magna vel malesuada eget magna sollicitudin nulla maecenas phasellus.
to:
subject:
date:
curae; interdum massa sit non pulvinar etiam torquent morbi at leo ut adipiscing taciti phasellus mollis sem blandit adipiscing, sollicitudin interdum in felis cum accumsan cum accumsan mi.
nibh sagittis porta, taciti neque duis scelerisque, sagittis nulla venenatis, pellentesque etiam magnis. aliquet neque. etiam. inceptos pharetra sit dis elementum posuere tempus eleifend. gravida ornare, hendrerit id mi posuere urna, facilisi lacus eget.
primis condimentum vulputate ornare conubia litora quisque convallis donec mauris est porta hendrerit. ad velit integer penatibus egestas donec fames libero sem aptent magnis aptent potenti phasellus. ultrices in magna vel malesuada eget magna sollicitudin nulla maecenas phasellus.


administrative announcements
graduate admissions is located at the onestop, sasc building
graduate admissions matters are handled by the onestop office located on the first floor of the sasc building. please bring your admissions docs/inquiries to onestop, or call them at 305-348-7000. please click here for a location map.
click here to visit the graduate admissions website.
*please keep in mind that graduate admissions matters related to business masters/professional doctorate applicants are handled by the college of business, cbc 200, or call them at 305-348-0148.


recent fiu electronic theses and dissertations


learning to learn mathematics: a mixed methods action research study to investigate the effectiveness and usefulness of a nonacademic and strategy skills intervention in business calculusevery year, millions of students begin post-secondary education in the hopes of furthering their education, graduating with a degree, and landing a good job in the future. however, research shows that being college eligible is not the same as being college ready, and first-time students struggle with the rigors of… ... [learn more]silent music and sacred sounds of the hoysaḷas: visual and aural sensory experiences in jain and hindu templesthis project examines affective responses to temple spaces and investigates how visual and aural sensory stimulations can amplify people’s experiences in jain and hindu temples through ethnographic research and qualitative interviews. it involves the study of the traditional indian methods of designing and planning temples to understand their place in… ... [learn more]association of women's empowerment and religion with maternal and child healthcare utilizationpurpose: the dissertation explored the multifaceted and complex issue of women's empowerment, its association with maternal and child healthcare, and the potential association with religion on healthcare utilization. maternal and child health has been a major global concern, particularly in developing countries with significantly higher mortality rates. the study examined… ... [learn more]mechanical analysis and design of a morphing mechanism for flexible foldable reconfigurable origami structureit is well known that origami, the ancient japanese art of folding paper, has a number of applications in engineering and technology. several fields, including electromagnetic devices, robotics, military, and biomedical, use origami-inspired structures in their designs and principles. this study's main objectives are to design a morphing mechanism for… ... [learn more]full-duplex radio frequency front ends and machine learning accelerators for wideband wireless communicationthe proliferation of wireless devices and the growing demand for higher data rates have imposed new challenges on modern wireless communication systems. an unavoidable consequence of these trends is a heavily congested spectrum. therefore, improving spectrum efficiency has become critical to the sustainable growth of wireless communications systems. multiple-input-multiple-output (mimo)… ... [learn more]


theses and dissertations produced by graduate students at florida international university.

learn more
  


quick links
student forms
 student forms deadlines
 graduate assistantships
 graduate funding
 admissions

university graduate school 
phone: (305) 348-2455 | fax: (305) 348-4117
email: ugs@fiu.edu
university graduate school staff directory

location
marc 430
11200 s.w. 8th street
miami, fl 33199
get directions





explore fiu

about fiu
 admissions
 academics
 locations
 research
 student life
 athletics
 alumni and giving
 careers at fiu

tools & resources
phonebook (directory)
university calendar
campus maps
myfiu
canvas
fiu email
system status
reserve space
nondiscrimination
title ix
report discrimination or harassment





connect
contact fiu
fiu news



  


© 2017 - florida international university    /   created by research information systems






scroll to top





























































