










home - dog license



























































skip to content


























 



homedog byteshot dog topicsarticlesantique dog licenseslinkscontact










 









 








welcome to






doglicense.org






dog licenses - tokens - collars







contact us
















































diane bandy, former board member of ntca, washington area humane society, former president of past finders metal detecting club and founder of dltc welcomes you to doglicense.org.















diane, bunny a beagle lab mix and audrey a bull terrier mix






this site was created for the dog, cat, and animal license collector and to stimulate interest in dog and cat (tax) license tag collecting. there will also be information about antique dog and cat collars, rabies tags, miniature dog collar locks and dog related tokens. the club dltc has an interactive component (with a paid membership) and is highly informative, with ebay action updates and snipings, dog law, facts and trivia.
 
there will be an incorporation of humane related content throughout as well as dog related memorabilia. all of the content on the site is collected through extensive research by me, contributing visitors to the site and members of the club.
 
advertisers and sponsors will help out considerably with website hosting fees, updating certain areas and design expenses. this is a non profit venture, an educational yet entertaining club. the site was launched in august 2003.



















dog bytes






hot dog topics


























aug
01





											pre 1900 dog licenses.									


by adam


metal detecting dog tax tags, treasure seekers unleash artifacts, old antique dog license tags dug out of the earth i buy all pre 1900 tags that i need for my collection and some early 1900s ones also
















dec
06





											very rare pre 1900 dog license tax tags									


by adam


st. paul mn, fancy dog head design lisbon, nd metal detected brass dog licenses
















jul
24





											very rare 1897 mississippi dog license sold very cheaply to a low bidder of dug dog license.									


by adam


very rare 1897 mississippi dog license sold very cheaply to a low bidder of dug dog license. there are unethical people in every hobby .



























articles


























aug
14








by adam


sfsfdsf
















oct
24





											monster mash animal charity fundraiser									


by adam


monster mash animal charity fundraiser
















oct
24





											psychedelic 60’s animal charity fundraiser									


by adam


psychedelic 60’s animal charity fundraiser





























join the club






under construction









join dltc for access to ebay action updates and snipings. visit the online message board for members only and share information, educate and interact.
once you join you will receive a user name and password to access the members only section.
to join please print our membership form.















annual membership fee






$30 per year january 1st and after.



















antique dog licenses
















has this website sparked a new interest or hobby for you? would you care to donate to the costs of web maintenance, hosting and url fees, time spent on research, scans, updates, etc? if so, please click on the paypal box.














					all					

							dog tokens						

							dog kennel licenses						

							prize medals						

							name tags						

							collars						

							rabies tags						











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 











 






















our links


































nov
05





											pit bull advocacy									


by adam


www.dontbullymybreed.com
















oct
11





											pasadena humane society									


by adam


www.phsspca.org pasadena humane society. this zoo-like setting is by far one of the most impressive shelters that i have ever seen in my many travels. the setting is in an open air environment with shade, sunshine, trees and is a must see . this is located just outside of l.a. california. they even offer information on their…
















feb
09





											snovsxm.org									


by adam


www.snobsxm.org is an informal group of individuals protecting the welfare of dogs and cats on the island of sr. martin. currently, the french pound is no longer in existence and there is no animal shelter on the island anymore………….



























contact us








send us a message










contact page form







name
        *




phone
        *




message
        






					if you are human, leave this field blank.				



send message

















 
















©    dog license. all rights reserved. utah web design by: lemon head design









 
























