 






















gail stone realty 334 main street, bandera, texas
































































































gail stone realty



334 main street • bandera, tx  78003 • 830-796-4640






 
2-indexpolly peak pic6-index10-index7-index5-index9-index15-index11-index14-index20-l027914-l0279 



 


gs realty
homes
land
bridlegate
waterfront
rentals
information
search
 











 
















featured listings 










252 valley vista
21 acres in tarpley, texas. this contemporary 4-bedroom, 2-bathroom home features breathtaking views with an awesome deck - perfect for morning coffee and stargazing at night. it features an open kitchen, dining, and living area with a 15’ ceiling, a wall of windows, and elegant red oak floors. the primary suite and two bedrooms are downstairs, while an upstairs family room and bunk room provide extra space. designed for energy efficiency. this home can be sold completely furnished. from hiking the hills to savoring spectacular sunsets, this home offers the ultimate texas hill country lifestyle. $689,000. read more...



















mesa verde ranch
13.6 acres at medina, tx. this is a beautiful view property overlooking the wallace creek/echo hill valley between medina and kerrville. the land extends from a plateau at 2000’ elevation and descends down 200’ into a canyon below. selective clearing of the underbrush has been begun at the top level. acreage in “wilderness” areas is becoming increasingly rare, and the steep slope down into the canyon is in its natural state. the land has been used for hunting and recreation and is suitable for a future homesite with view or weekend getaway. $317,500.  read more...






























hill country homestead
3/2 home on 2.59 acres in medina, tx. this open concept design features a cathedral ceiling and wood-burning stove. the light filled kitchen offers white farmhouse cabinets and granite countertops. enjoy indoor-outdoor living on spacious front and back porches, surrounded by majestic post oak trees. the high-fenced garden is perfect for growing vegetables and includes a separate fenced run and coop for chickens. a private well provides water for the home and the water catchment system is perfect for the garden. $464,000.  read more... 



























































misty haven cabins
nestled on 5 peaceful acres, this property features a caretaker’s cottage, 4 immaculate cabins, outdoor entertainment areas, a versatile workshop and studio. whether you're looking for an investment opportunity or a family getaway, misty haven offers a blend of rustic charm and modern comfort.  whether you seek thrilling outdoor adventures or simply desire a peaceful retreat, misty haven cabins promises an unparalleled escape into the heart of texas hill country living. $660,000. read more...   




































































9.93 acres in medina county
escape to your private oasis: a stunning 3-bed, 2-bath modular home on 9.93 acres with breathtaking views. enjoy tall ceilings and a cozy fireplace inside, along with a spacious kitchen perfect for gatherings. outside, find your fenced backyard paradise with a garden, chicken coop and pool. plus, two air-conditioned workshops. with no hoa, make it truly yours, including the convenience of a shooting range. experience vibrant sunsets and star-gazing nights. don't miss this rare chance to own your slice of paradise! $462,000. read more...







































bandera cowboy cottage
historic charm combined with modern updates in this exceptional property, on .69 acres in enchanted river estates. this 3/2 home features 9' ceilings, rich hardwood floors, and beautiful pine wood ceilings. the awesome back deck is ideal for relaxing, grilling, and entertaining. a bonus room off the deck offers space for guests, an office, workshop, or studio.  located just minutes from downtown bandera. this unique home harmoniously marries historical charm with modern convenience and is ready to welcome you home. $335,000.  read more...













visit us online
welcome to gail stone realty. we are an independent real estate agency in the texas hill country and specialize in providing individualized service to qualified sellers and buyers.
our years experience and extensive knowledge of bandera county and the hill country inspire confidence in long time residents and newcomers as well.



gail stone realty
we market texas hill country properties, including bandera, pipe creek, tarpley, medina, utopia, and lakehills.
we are local realtors, and we know our market. we look forward to facilitating your sale or purchase and the important decisions you will make.








visit us in person
the gail stone realty office is conveniently located at 334 main street at the corner of hwy. 16 (main st.) and cedar st.


			agents:
		

gail stone, broker
harriet hearne, realtor




830-796-4640
info@gailstonerealty.com


 















 







 






gs realty
homes
land
bridlegate
waterfront
rentals
information
search
 












site map





this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept how to delete cookiesprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 

















