











we sell woodworking plans - paper and pdfs - at woodworkersworkshop®






we sell woodworking plans - paper and pdfs - at woodworkersworkshop®
we sell woodworking plans, projects with full instructions and specialty hardware and kits for some of our woodworking plans. we also sell vintage and recycled plans and patterns.







home

woodworkersworkshop is a website and online community dedicated to woodworking enthusiasts. it offers a wide range of resources, including plans for various woodworking projects, articles, tips, and techniques for woodworkers of all skill levels. the website serves as a platform for sharing knowledge, connecting with other woodworkers, and finding inspiration for woodworking projects. we ship worldwide using canadapost®.
most of our woodworking plans come with full size drawings. have a question? need a custom size? let us know!

st patrick's day projects







st patricks day clover leaf yard art woodworking pattern


a stylized celebration of st patricks day with our 48 inch wide four leaf clover! custom sizing available.


from usd 9.95 9 points | in stock








paddy o clover the leprechaun yard art woodworking pattern


paddy o clover is a pint size leprechaun. sized so that you could make 6 from one sheet of plywood should you want that many. simply trace onto plywood and cut out, paint as however you like. custom s...


from usd 2.95 2 points | in stock








lil leprechaun downloadable scrollsaw woodworking plan


with a little luck, you a can have this yard art project done in a day. pairs well with 05-wp-177. make use of your scrap wood pieces with this yard art project. resize it to what you want, print it t...


from usd 2.95 1 point | in stock



easter projects







easter egg yard art woodworking pattern


our easter egg yard art pattern will bring spring to your yard. our woodworking project is available in the standard line art drawings so you can paint it however you like. full size drawings. c...


from usd 2.95 2 points | in stock








plank bunny woodworking plan.


this large bunny really makes a statement. it stands 55-1/2 inches tall and welcomes your guests as he holds an easter basket you can fill with candy or flowers. the simple body design uses a piece of 2x10 lumber. this woodworking plan provides full size illustrations.


usd 11.99 11 points | in stock








holiday post people woodworking plan set - 5 designs included.


a leprechaun for st. patrick's day, cupid for valentine's day, father time for new year's eve, baby new year for new year's day, and a bunny for easter are among the five holiday figures included in this plan's patterns. all projects in the plan have full size patterns. 


usd 21.99 21 points | in stock



spring time projects







bent over lady gardener yard art downloadable jig saw woodworking plan


people walking by will do a double take when they see this bent over lady out in your garden! paint with colors or as a black silhouette. make use of your scrap wood pieces with this yard art project....


from usd 2.95 1 point | in stock








bent over farmer gardener downloadable scrollsaw woodworking plan


people walking by will do a double take when they see this bent over man out in your garden! paint with colors or as a black silhouette. make use of your scrap wood pieces with this yard art project. ...


from usd 2.95 1 point | in stock








scarecrow clay pot holder woodworking plan.


the scarecrow clay pot holder project features a hook mechanism that holds 4 to 6 inch diameter no.12 clay pots. it is designed to be a fun, novel way to display flower pots. yet simple to cut from 1/2 inch thick wood like an exterior grade plywood.


usd 11.99 11 points | in stock



patriotic holidays







uk union jack flag waving upwards yard art woodworking pattern.


explore the convenience of downloadable plans. the union jack is one of the most recognizable flags.


from usd 8.95 8 points | in stock








canada flag waving upwards yard art woodworking pattern.


the canadian flag is easily recognizable anywhere in the world. sized 36 x 27-3/4 inches that you could display outdoors in the yard, on the porch ...


from usd 8.95 8 points | in stock








australian flag waving downwards yard art woodworking pattern.


the australian flag is easily recognizable and shows its history of the union jack in the corner, the 7 point star of the commonwealth and you can just catch a glimpse of the southern cross star clust...


from usd 8.95 8 points | in stock



on sale!







ice chest cabinet woodworking plan


this is one cool cabinet that is a hardworking adaptation of a turn-of-the-century ice chest. this project offers ample storage for anything you want. it is also the right size for use as a tv stand.


usd 12.95 usd 6.48 (save 50%)12 points | 1 in stock








chickadee intarsia plaque woodworking plan


capture a scene from nature by trying out this rewarding project. you will learn how to mix and match a variety of contrasting hardwoods while working from our handy full-sized patterns.


usd 10.95 usd 5.48 (save 50%)10 points | 3 in stock








shaker oval carrier woodworking plan


an adaptation of oval carriers constructed by shaker craftsmen of yesteryear, our design lends itself to a lifetime of around-the-home usefulness. and like the original shaker carriers, our version fe...


usd 10.95 usd 5.48 (save 50%)10 points | 1 in stock





resources & free plans
since 1998, we have curated the internet's largest online woodworking resources database.  our pre-approved, hand-picked diy project resources are updated daily.  we work hard to ensure our database contains only safe, accurate woodworking desitnations for woodworkers and hobby crafters.
visit resources & free plans

recently added information




compost bin


learn how to easily build a compost bin for your backyard. make sure to use outdoor friendly wood for your project so it will last longer. check out the build at the link, then follow along and build your own.

category:garden composter bins
link type:free plans
link source:homedepot

report broken link





wood block photo stand


with just a few tools and some wood from your scrap pile you can whip out some of these wood block photo stands. so smart. follow along at the link to make your own photo stands and make a few extra for gifts.

category:misc woodworking projects starting with p
link type:free plans
link source:woodshopdiaries

report broken link





dog bed


this dog bed plan can be modified in size to suit your dogs size. you can't squeeze a great dane into a chihuahua sized bed! check out the free building instructions available at the link.s

category:doghouses and pet accessories
link type:free plans
link source:homedepot

report broken link





fishing lure


isn't this handcrafted fishing lure just incredible!! this fishing lure is a lot of work for something so small, having said that, the fisherman in your life would be thrilled to have this in his tackle box. check out the free instructions to recreate this fishing lure.

category:misc woodworking projects starting with f
link type:free plans
link source:instructables

report broken link





light up holiday marquee sign


building this light up holiday marquee sign is easier than you might think. you can adapt the saying on the sign to suit your wishes but it will be the same procedure. check it out at the link and get to building today.

category:christmas decor
link type:free plans
link source:homedepot

report broken link









online store

bigfoot and sasquatch woodworking plan yard art projects
arbortech woodworking tools
second hand woodworking books
clock projects
garden projects
home improvement
indoor furniture and misc
intarsia patterns
kids toys & furniture woodworking plans
lath and turnings woodworking projects
mission furniture collection
maritime collection woodworking plans
new yankee workshop series
scrollsaw patterns
supplies
workbenches & jigs
yard art projects
special offers




free plans and resources

we have been compiling the most comprehensive directory of internet woodworking information since 1998. our daily updates include new pre-approved, hand-selected diy project resources. we do a lot of effort to ensure that our database only includes safe, correct woodworking designs for hobby crafters and woodworkers.visit resources & free plans






banner adverts
























your free woodworking plans and projects search engine since 1998


your account

login | create account











your cart

your cart: empty




search







advanced










main menu

home
store
faq
articles
company info
copyright & policies
earn rewards
order lookup
resources & free plans

















store menu

store home
shopping cart
checkout
advanced search




account

account login
create new account
delivery address book
online order lookup
contact us




company info

po box 41st. andrews, nova scotia b0h-1x0canada
telephone: please use contact us link.


woodworkersworkshop

po box 41
b0h-1x0
st. andrews, nova scotia

 




© 1998-2025 woodworkersworkshop, all rights reserved worldwide.



software:     kryptronic ecommerce, copyright 1999-2025 kryptronic, inc.
exec time:    0.063919 seconds
memory usage: 1.217049 megabytes














