





























































    
    house of warmth fireplace shop ct installation, inserts, gas & wood stoves
  
  















           
 860-354-1068   

shop online now  >>


 
 

449 danbury rd. new milford, ct
 
  

design your fire >>

  

see our covid 19 message







       
 





       
warm your house with us and make it  a home. 




   
warm your house with us and make it  a home.


   
 




     

shop online now

  

design your own fire





       home


  about


  inspirations


  contact


  fireplaces

   wood


  pellet


  gas


  electric




  venting


  outdoor living

   grills


  outdoor kitchens


  outdoor furniture


  firetables


  outdoor heaters


  outdoor fire feature




  fuel


  blog







   aboutus


   
fireplaces, inserts, stoves, outdoor kitchens, pizza ovens, bbq grills, and so much more! this fireplace shop, outdoor kitchen retailer, bbq dealer, and patio store has been selling wood, pellet, and gas fireplaces, inserts, and stoves in ct since 1979!  brian pieck and his wife nyree pieck, the owners, are passionate about what they do and enjoy being part of the hearth, patio, and barbecue industry. they strive to help every customer in achieving the ambience that they are looking for in their home and rediscovering the art of fire. they aim for nothing but complete satisfaction for their consumers.their google reviews show it! 
after the sale is made -that's where your relationship with us - begins 


    


   

read our google reviews

  

our brands

  

shop online now  >>







 



   our store449 danbury road, new milford, ct 06776


   
 
      




    




    




    





     




    




    




    






view more




   
  

view our commercial




   ourgrills


   
house of warmth stove & fireplace shop is proud to introduce their new line of high quality bbq grills!!  check out our line of gas, charcoal, and pellet bbqs!  check out left side menu link to get a description of each brand of grill along with some pictures of what we carry in our store.   

more about our grills

  

pellet flavors




   outdoorkitchens


   
house of warmth carries a variety of appliance and accessories for outdoor kitchens.  outdoor kitchens have become very popular these days.  any one of the grill lines we carry can be purchased as a grill head that can be put inside an island.  we even customize an island for you that includes one of our high quality grills, a refrigerator, side burner and/or power burner, cabinets, drawers, sink...you name it!!    

more about our outdoor kitchens




   outdoorfurniture


   
now carrying malibu outdoor living furniture!!  made in the usa!  20 year warranty!  available in 13 colors!  casual chairs, chaise lounges, tables, outdoor dining sets, counter and bar seating!  come check it out.


   firetables


   
stop by our showroom to see and feel the warmth of our fire tables and portable and mounted outdoor heaters! our high quality fire tables put out 40,000 btus of heat, have an adjustable flame control, and have porcelain tile or slate tops.  want a custom gas firepit?  no problem.  we are here to help you design the fire feature of your dreams!   

more about our outdoor fire tables




    fireplaces



   
house of warmth offers a wide variety of wood inserts and wood stoves, gas fireplaces and gas inserts, and pellet inserts and pellet stoves, each with their own unique style. whether you need a freestanding stove, an insert for your fireplace, or want to fill a new space with a fireplace, we are here to help you.  we invite you to visit us to help you find the right fireplace, stove, or insert to fit your needs.  the pictures below represent just a few design ideas for the wood fireplaces, stoves,  and inserts that we carry. stop in to design the fireplace of your dreams.    

design your own fire

  

fireplace measurement guide | pdf

 
      

  wood
inserts. stoves. fireplaces.





    

  pellet
stoves. inserts. fireplaces.





    

  gas
stoves. inserts. log sets. fireplaces.





    

  electric
fireplaces. inserts. stoves.








  

gas service & installations

  

wood | pellet service & installations




   refuel


   
we're fully stocked with your fuel, whenever you need it!  we stock pellets and biobricks coal all year!  we also sell flavored pellets for pellet grills and refill bbq tanks!  
      

  wood pellets
we carry energex 100% premium hardwood pellets and la crete 100% softwood pellets.  call for pricing.
  

button






    

  compressed wood bricks
we carry bio bricks in regular and xl sizes.  call for pricing.
  

button






    

  wood
we don't sell wood.   please ensure your wood is seasoned.  seasoned wood  has been cut, split, and stacked for at least a year and has <18% moisture.
  

button






    

  cooking pellets
we carry bbq delight pellets in hickory, apple, mesquite, oak, pecan, cherry, jack daniels charcoal, and sugar maple.  we also carry ol' hick cooking pellets in hickory and apple and well as jim beam bourbon pellets.
  

button







     

  propane tanks and refills
bbq tanks, forklift tanks.  you bring the tank and we will fill it.
  

button






    

  lump charcoal
we carry lump charcoal.  always use lump charcoal in your ceramic grill.  never use briquettes.  never use lighter fluid.
  

button






    

  house of warmth stove & fireplace shop, llc
449 danbury road
new milford, ct 06776








860-354-1068


   find uscontact us


   
for service, installation, pellet prices/delivery  or other information,simply give us  a call.  860-354-1068
 let's heat things up... for a quicker and more in depth installation request.we understand that an insert is a large purchase and we will need some information to help figure out the best option for your home and your family. we suggest
stopping by the store and meeting with our friendly and knowledgable staff with 4 simple things...1. measurements of your fireplace: the opening width, height, and depth. 2. a picture of your fireplace from inside of the house.3. a picture of the full length of the chimney from outside of the house.4. square footage of your house.we're always here to help.with this information, we can give you a full quote on a wood, pellet or gas insert, stove or fireplace that will help more efficiently heat your home.need help measuring?use our
measurement guidesee you soon.



   
 



 house of warmth449 danbury road, new milford, ct 06776*across from new milford high school and the elephants trunk flea market*  860-354-1068
 for general inquires or to get in touch,﻿email us.
hello@houseofwarmth.com
 our hours
  sunday
appointment only

 mon - fri
 9:00 am 
- 5:30 pm


 saturday
 9:00 am 
- 3:00 pm




please call to schedule appointments for after hours






      



   


 


 
follow us     

 

 

 

 

 




house of warmth stove & fireplace shop 449 danbury rd.new milford, ct 06776get directions to our storehello@houseofwarmth.com860-354-1068  


 
fire club join the house of warmth fire cluband receive free grilling tips, heat saving tips, specials, discounts, reminders and much more, right  to your inbox.we don't share emails. we hate spam as much as you do.  free recipes
   name:

 email:




thank you for signing up.we will email your first fire club exclusive as soon as possible oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




   follow us
  © 2025 
all rights reserved | house of warmth stove & fireplace shop | designed by: top level emarketing --- store




























































































  
  share by:










