





social science university - faculty of social sciences  | about | university of stirling



































skip to main content


×




home








                            find a course







university courses by subject







study







international







research







about







student life








                            clearing








                            scholarships








                              news








                              events






my portal
contact
search our site
中文网
















中文网


my portal



site search

site search





study


international


research


about


student life





show/hide mobile menu


menu












site search






















loading...
















home
aboutour reputationstrategic planour historyour peoplefacultiesforth2ojobs at stirlingbusiness and enterpriseprofessional servicessustainabilityscotland's international environment centrecity region dealnewseventspublicationsart collectionpsychology kindergartengetting herecontact us
facultiesarts and humanitiesnatural sciencessocial scienceshealth sciences and sportstirling management school
social sciencesdementia and ageingeducationsocial worksociology, social policy and criminologystudyresearchranking and reputationcareersstaff directorynews and events




















faculty of social sciences



we are a leading faculty of social sciences and our rankings reflect this across our subject areas. we're ranked 1st in scotland and top 15 in the uk for criminology, top 5 in scotland and top 20 in the uk for social policy, and top 15 in the uk for education (times and sunday times good university guide 2025).


study with uswith a diverse range of globally recognised courses, we’ll help you to be the difference in your chosen career. from sociology to education, all of our social science courses are taught by lecturers who are experts in their fields.
we deliver many courses that facilitate opportunities for you to gain widespread practical experience, promote postgraduate research, and allow you to achieve your ambitions.study in the faculty of social sciencesundergraduate studycpd and short coursespostgraduate taughtpostgraduate researchview social sciences staff directoryworld-leading researchour research and teaching covers dementia, education, housing, sociology, social policy and criminology, and social work. our 70 academic staff and researchers produce research that makes a positive social impact around the world.research in social sciencescareers in social sciencesstudying with us will give you opportunities to connect with organisations, go on placement, study abroad and guide your personal and professional development. we'll prepare you for your career in social sciences.careers in social sciences




social sciences divisions


   
dementia and ageing  explore how we're enhancing the lives of older people and people with dementia around the world.          
sociology, social policy and criminology  we use our expertise in sociology, social policy and criminology to understand and improve society.          
education  education has a thriving community of staff, undergraduate and postgraduate students.          
social work  we will prepare you for a rewarding career in this important field.        





equality, diversity and inclusion
the faculty's equality diversity and inclusion committee works in a number of areas including protected characteristics (under the equality act), social class and gender. the committee is comprised of academics, professional service staff and post-graduate researchers.
we proudly hold a bronze athena swan award for our commitment to gender equality, which involves delivering a five-year action plan on intersectional inequalities. 










                  contact us
              	







call


 +44(0)1786 467740
                    



email


 fossfacultyoffice@stir.ac.uk
					



















follow us


facebook



instagram



x





youtube



linkedin



tiktok





popular links

faculties
professional services
alumni
jobs at stirling
getting here
students’ union
online shop
blog
current students
staff



site information

policy, legal and cookies
accessibility statement
sitemap
modern slavery statement
scottish charity no sc011159




contact us
tel: +44 (0) 1786 473171

                    university of stirling
                    stirling
                    fk9 4la
                    scotland uk
ask us a question ⟩






map of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland
                        



























© university of stirling





scroll back to the top





 




