















pobco plastics




































toggle navigation








guide rails
chain & belt guides
wear strip profiles
conveyor components
bearings/rollers
pulleys, sprockets, wheels

about us 









pobco, inc. pobco plastics leads in manufacturing and distributing  conveyor components and friction-reducing parts for conveyors, food machinery, beverage equipment, packaging equipment, agricultural equipment, medical equipment, pharmaceutical equipment, amusement park rides, exercise equipment, material handling machinery, marine equipment, chemical industry, textile machinery, labeling equipment, screw conveyors, etc.



visit our representative sites
 
 member of:










our catalogwhat's new




2025 catalog 
get the catalog »



components for the processing industry
download pdf »



conveyor components for the bottling and canning industries
download pdf »




 pobco standard and custom products are made from plastics (bearing-grade and food-grade) and lube-filled hardwood.  products include bearings, wear strips, rollers, guide rails, chain guides and conveyor components.  pobco can cross reference parts from mcmaster, grainger, msc, martin, boston gear, valu guide, systemplast, fenner and other manufacturers.










featured products

roller combiners

pobco roller guides provide low-friction guiding surface for ease in eliminating conveyed product jumps. the guiding surface is enhanced by rows of flanged rollers making contact with conveyed products.
view details »


transfer plates

used to smooth transition from one conveyor to another. two positioned above, "back-to-back".
view details »


roller chain guides

pobco roller chain guides are available in a variety of profiles for  ansi and metric chain. captured chain styles and metal channel mounted  options available.
view details »


conveyor guide rails

pobco guide rails are stocked in variety of profiles. styles include  stainless back, all plastic, stainless encapsulated core, and uhmw with  aluminum. high temp options available.
view details »




flat bar clip ons

commonly referred to as  j-leg  profiles. pobco stocks a large  selection of uhmw extrusions in widths from  ” to 3”. flat bar clip on  are often used to support table top chain.
view details »


pet neck guide

pobco pet neck guides are used for overhead transport of pet bottles in  high speed air conveyors. many profiles available from stock in “high  performance” special lube filled uhmw.
view details »


roll end bearings

pobco roll end bearings available in a variety of machined plastics and  pobco-b wood. economical options include molded delrin and molded nylon  bearings.
view details »


table top chain guide

pobco table top chain guides are made to order to suit customer’s  specific chain size and application requirements. available in curves  and straight lengths.  commonly made in a variety of uhmw low friction  materials. short lead times.
view details »



 

 upcoming events












packexpo southeast
march 10-12, 2025 
atlanta, ga
booth# 922
register today




ibie
september 13-17, 2025
las vegas convention center, las vegas
booth# 2375
register today




packexpo
september 29-october 1, 2025 
las vegas convention center, las vegas
booth# 29007
register today







pobco does not recognize or agree to any terms, conditions, testing, packaging or any other requirements outside our pobco, inc. normal and customary terms and conditions. any deviation from these conditions must be supplied by the customer and received in writing by pobco, inc. and agreed to in writing by an authorized pobco, inc. representative prior to any order being processed. addendums to purchase orders are not considered prior approval.
while the information on this website has been verified to the best of our abilities, pobco cannot guarantee the absence of errors.

pobco reserves the right to change information and update at any time.  for current product and material information, please contact pobco directly.
        

pobco inc | 99 hope ave | worcester, ma 01603
1-800-222-6376 (in north america) | (508) 791-6376      | fax: (508) 791-3247 | pobco@pobcoplastics.com
© pobco inc. 2025











