



ae92 levin








 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close









disclaimer:
i dont pretend to be a mechanic, or even know much about cars. but i am learning. so believe what i say at your own risk, and comments/corrections are welcome.
i just like my car, like driving, and like toyotas. i grew up on toyota's. i learned in mum's cressida (in which i was sent to the cops in high school for powersliding it round corners. my brother later rolled it about 8 times and walked away going for top speed.)i have owned a datsun 610, a ke25 corolla sr coupe, and now an ae92 levin. the datsun was pretty good, but i like toyota's best. if you are interested in toyotas i fully recommend the toyota mods mailing list as a valuable learning tool. if you can think of a toyota question, someone on this list will know the answer.


my car:
1987 ae92 toyota corolla levin apex gt. (what a mouthful). a japanese import (to new zealand) i bought in january 2000. from the internet i understand the ae92 (levin, trueno, or corolla gts) in most other countries is quite uncommon. here in new zealand they are everywhere. there are two on my 50 metre long street. relatives such as the ae101 levin/trueno, or fxgt are even more plentiful. my goal in buying a car was a cheap but quick, light, and hopefully reliable runabout. rear drive would have also be preferrable. (i'd hardly even driven front before). in my price range it looked like either a toyota corolla fxgt, or a honda civic si or crx si. toyota mr2s were out on account of only 2 seats. an ae86 rear drive corolla would have been perfect, but at the time i couldn't find a single half decent one. all these above cars are about the same price in new zealand. i'd spent quite a few years trash talking honda's so i tried to eliminate them from the list. in the end i lucked out (i think) on the ae92. i hadn't realised then that shipload after shipload of ae101 and ae111 corollas straight from japan had pushed the price of the ae92 to dirt. (along with most other cars due to no import tariffs on cars in new zealand). i was the first to look and bought it the same day. i still have the guy's garage door opener.



engine:
the reason i bought the car. toyota's reonwned 4age with tvis (toyota variable intake system). dohc, 16 valve, efi, 7500rpm redline. red valve cover, but with tvis so it’s the ‘low’ power 88kw 'large port' 4age. like all japanese 4age it’s also map sensored as opposed to afm. from what i can gather this particular type of 4age was the last of the 'large ports' before the 100 kilowatt 'small port' replaced it. subsequently it benefits from a stronger reinforced block with extra ribbing and oil-cooled pistons over the regular 'blue hat' 4age. i have also heard rumour that this particular engine type was re-tuned by toyota to boost torque down lower in the revs, at the expense of high rev power compared to the blue hats. i doubt this however.
although the power isn't that high in comparison to modern standards, in a light car such as the corolla it is more than adequate. the secret is power to weight. i find it a brilliantly balanced all round car. acceleration is excellent with quite low gearing and it winds up to the 180km/h speedo. 0-100km/hr is probably around 8-9 seconds. the engine also has great modification potential with race tuned engines at 240hp n.a. in formula atlantic. not too practical in my front driver though.




mods:
no real mods that i've done. i'm just trying to keep it on the road at the moment (being just a poor student). it does however perform pretty well for a student thrashmobile. previous owner put a gay exhaust tip on it. i stuck a sony casette head unit in it -ohhh oldschool. hi-temp brake pads. it also has a mongoose alarm, and solex deadlocks (which eliminates central locking).



other:
so far i am the third owner, 2nd in new zealand. the car is in pretty good condition for what i paid for it (nz$3000, which is about us$1400). it has 175000kms on the original motor, which still sings. recently i made the 2 day 1600km journey home from uni without a hitch.



stuff done and still to do:
first week i got it- needed new rear brake pads. also discovered losing a heap of oil. got under it and found sump finger tight, and quickly found why. sump bolt broke in my brother's hand. it still leaks but not too badly. will get it fixed one day, then i can do an oil change. 
stalling when engine warm problem attributed to stuffed thermostat and idle wound down to disguise it. -fixed that.
toyota garage brings up number 5 error code. exhaust oxygen temp sensor missing. -will fix one day
front brake disks stuffed and couldn't find any at wreckers so had to buy new.
replaced split intake hose between airbox and tvis. my duct-tape job just wasn't cutting it. it was whistling louder than the engine above 4000 rpm.
then came warrant of fitness time. new tyre, replacement left seatbelt as old one frayed. new powersteering belt. fix loose end on steering rack. weld up split under left door on the sill. wtf?.. looks like the previous owner had been playing dukes of hazzard with it or something. maybe explains the sump problem too.
boot was leaking water. seal around left rear taillight letting water in (apparently a common problem) so resealed it.
when ever i take it through a car wash, after a while streams of water poor in off of the coat hook things. never any other time, just in a car wash. i guess the rear quarter windows need to be taken out and resealed. have sealed them around the edge with black silicon, will have to see how this holds up.
then, finally, i may be able to do some real mods. intake, exhaust, maybe cams, but i dont really wanna crack her open just yet...i'd like a 20valve which are very common in new zealand, or a supercharged 4age. however, with new zealand having such cheap imports from japan, it would probably be better to go factory and trade in on an ae92 supercharger or ae101 20valve anyway.
update:
serviced it and got sump fixed. thought, hmmmm, better change the gearbox oil. damn, only a teaspoon (literally) of oil came out. ok, lets fill her up then. that's funny, it's coming out faster than we can put it in. up on a hoist can just see up through the maze of exhaust and suspension and cross members a bolt with a whole lot of washers on it. bit of a worry. time to find a new gearbox as i've been driving it round for 6 months with no damn oil in it, that's your reliable bloody toyota for you.
so, off to the wreckers to put in another one. someone really did a number on this car. after swapping it out we found the problem. the back gearbox mount had been partly smashed/pushed into the housing. a hole right by the diff saw all the oil efficiently pumped right back out. a longer bolt and washers was the previous owner's solution. the stupid thing is that some sort of sealant probably would have fixed the hole. well, at least i know my clutch is in good shape.
i've now hit 178000km, or about 2000 more, and amazingly the bitch seems to be holding oil. oil nice and clean too. noticable raise in fuel economy also with a functioning gearbox.

first attempt at a website, using only notepad (and it shows)

 last updated 12-7-00


click on this other stuff... 
<<---click shit in bowl for picture page

<<---links

<<---sign guestbook why don't you?

<<---some more information.

search yahoo!
email me!


 hits


 

 
[prev]
[next]
[skip]
[random]
[next 5]
[list sites]

this ae92 web-ring site is owned bylevin.
want to join the ae92 web-ring?
 


this toyota mods web ring site is owned by 
me.
want to join the toyota mods
web ring?
[prev]
[next]
[skip]
[random]
[next 5]
[list
sites]







