


home - lansing sailing club



























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to your mailing list










member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel


















 






menu


home join usracing race results & standings race committee racing fleets high school team lightning fleet 387 racing rules of sailing (rrs) groups/fleet memberseducation youth sailing education high school team donations events groups/fleet members news contact us















welcome to the lansing sailing clubfounded in 1963yes, there is sailing on lake lansing. great sailing. and the lansing sailing club is the club for you!
 
regardless of whether you are an old salt or have never sailed before, whether you own your own boat or are trying to decide what boat to buy or just want to go sailing. if you don't sail yet, we will teach you how. if you have kids, they can learn to sail in our youth sailing program offered every summer, or doing middle/high school racing teams. if you like racing, or want to give it a whirl, we have a very active racing program that is both friendly, fun and yet competitive - and you will enjoy the after racing camaraderie. we have fleet racing in sunfish and lasers on wednesday evenings and in lightnings on sunday afternoons, and regattas for all fleets at different times of the year. 
 
founded in 1963, the club currently has members of all ages, backgrounds and sailing levels. some members prefer racing, others day sailing. still others do both. activities also include holiday picnics, moonlight sails and other events. there is something for everyone.
 
new membership applications are always welcome. applicants with a fleet sailboat (sunfish, laser, wayfarer, lightning or opti) are given first priority for membership. special wednesday racing only memberships are available for those trailering their sunfish or lasers in the lsc's wednesday night series during the summer. a good way to get started in sailing is to become an associate member. this membership includes use of our club boats (after quick test or class certification) on a first come - first sail basis, participation in our "learn to sail" program and in other club activities.upcoming eventsupcoming events recent articlesnewslsc gear store now openthe lansing sailing club gear store is open! all items are printed with your choice of lsc graphics, and then shipped to your home. choose tees, technical tees, water bottles, hats, bags, hoodies and jackets. all are direct-to-fabric technology and are available any time you want to order. https://lansing-sailing-club-gear-sto.myspreadshop.com/ recent articlesnews
















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 










