






digital marketing services in bradenton, sarasota, & st. petersburg















































skip to content











call us! bradenton: 941.753.7574 | st. pete: 727.386.7216


facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin






company informationexpand


about the company
company leadership
reviews
praises & accolades
employment opportunities
community involvement


contact
client login
 





search





















digital marketingexpand


website design
search engine optimization
digital advertising
social media marketing
email marketing
online reputation management
domain management
custom domain email hosting
digital marketing plans


website designexpand


website designexpand


website design process
content management systems
ecommerce
copywriting for the web
web application security


web design portfolio
website ada compliance
website support plans
domain management
custom domain email hosting
resourcesexpand


internet glossary & web design terminology


design & marketing plans


search engine optimizationexpand


search engine optimization
local search engine optimization
conversion rate optimization
webtivity seo plans
google my business


online advertisingexpand


search advertisingexpand


google ads
microsoft advertising


social media advertisingexpand


facebook ads
instagram advertising
twitter ads
youtube advertising


remarketing advertising
conversion rate optimization


social media marketingexpand


facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
other channels
social media plans


branding & printexpand


ad design
business card design
flyer & brochure design
letterhead & stationery design
logo design
marketing strategy & planning
newsletter design


webtivity wisdom
referral program
 



























toggle menu




























 
google partnersmall biz awardclutch awards 











web design
wordpress design that you own!mobile 1stseo friendlye-commercessl securitymonthly hosting & support
learn more






digital marketing services
search engine optimizationsocial media marketingpaid advertisingonline reputation managementbundle design & marketing & save!packages to fit every budget
learn more






about webtivity!
serving the tampa bay area since 1999!google partnersteam of google adwords certified specialistscommunity involved5-star google rating!award winning digital marketing
learn more











your digital marketing company
since you’re here it means you want to learn how to harness the power of the internet to gather an online audience and drive sales. you may have tried working with individual web designers or web development companies before, or this may be the first time you’re hiring someone to assist you with your digital marketing campaign. you may have a thorough understanding of how your company should leverage a website and social media outlets to grow your business, or you may be new to the idea of digital marketing services. either way, you have come to the right place.
webtivity marketing & design, a bradenton & st. petersburg based company, serves clients throughout the u.s. and other parts of the world. webtivity provides website design/development and cross-media marketing services including search engine optimization, pay-per-click, social media, email marketing, and branding/identity services. using a consultative approach, webtivity works with clients to develop an effective marketing strategy based on their business, customers, competition, and budget.


get a consultation


 














message 











digital marketing services testimonials




we are super happy with the design, functionality, professionalism and customer service of webtivity marketing & design! thanks for all your hard work!





the entire team at duncan real estate of anna maria is very happy with the work that webtivity has done for our website and rental department. we especially thank didier bizimungu for all of his hard work and keeping in constant contact with us. we highly recommend webtivity!







had the greatest experience ever! the staff did an exceptional job on the site and were very patient and accommodating! i can not say enough about the company and the experience! brian was extremely helpful and a pleasure to work with every step of the way!





webtivity has been a dream to work with…..all very knowledgeable and professional…..tim is the best and with his crew updated our website. we get compliments on it weekly!







tim & didier have done a great job driving my phone to ring. i have been a happy customer of webtivity designs since around 2005. i recommend them only if you can handle a lot of extra business. keep up the great work guys.





we have been using webtivity for our website for years and the service has been incredible. we would highly recommend everyone use them for their website design and marketing needs.







webtivity marketing & design did a great job taking us from a concept for our website to an actual working business website. the process was simple: we provided the info and media we wanted them to use on the website and they formatted it into a working word press site. we were able to work with brian to make changes to the site, making it very user friendly. this website will ultimately serve our business and future customers to obtain the best possible yacht charter vacation available at outoftheblueyachtcharters.com  our website looks and operates the way we want it to. we highly recommend webtivity marketing & design for website development.









featured projects



 



serenity wellness

 




 



red fox institute

 




 



american feedmilling systems

 




 



dylan todd photography

 




 



manatee chamber

 




 



manatee technical college

 





webtivity wisdom
newsletter signup



 





artificial intelligence ai | uncategorized 

the role of artificial intelligence in digital marketing




					read more the role of artificial intelligence in digital marketingcontinue
 


 




 





buyer beware | security 

cyber monday shopping safety tips




					read more cyber monday shopping safety tipscontinue
 


 




 





uncategorized 

be aware of a new phishing attempt




					read more be aware of a new phishing attemptcontinue
 


 


















get in touch contact us
chat us
newsletter signup
call us

 





small business of the year 

best bradenton seo 





clutch award winner 

 





proud members 

 


 





address 4654 east state rd 64 #175
bradenton, fl 34208
phone:  941-753-7574
138 pinellas way n.
st. petersburg, fl 33710/

phone: 727-386-7216



 















digital marketing
website design
search engine optimization
online advertising
social media marketing
branding & print
webtivity wisdom
referral program
 















webtivity marketing & design is a professional online ad agency and web design company located in bradenton florida. we serve clients all over the state of florida including sarasota, lakewood ranch, venice, anna maria island, siesta key, longboat key, tampa, orlando, miami, palmetto, parrish, ft. myers, naples, gainesville, tallahassee, and pensacola. thank you for visiting our website, and we look forward to helping you show your business to the world! 
if you're intrested in sarasota web design or sarasota seo services you can visit our page about sarasota. our st. petersburg florida office specializes in st. petersburg web design that incorporate st. petersburg seo campaigns. 
copyright © 2000-2021 webtivity marketing & design. all rights reserved. company policies, terms of use and our cookie policy. | accessibility site
 










scroll to top
scroll to top
 












home
digital marketing
digital marketing plans
website design
search engine optimization
online advertising
social media marketing
branding & print
webtivity wisdom
referral program
company information
contact webtivity
 














skip to content





toggle menu close
 




search for:



search
 





open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset









