


central dogma




















    
	central dogma
	
  






tuesday, february 21, 2006



	 
	 supercavitation
	 
    


what is supercavitation?supercavitation is the naval revolution which is set to change underwater warfare from a slow, silent and stealthy game of cat and mouse to a high speed, fight to the death.since their invention many years ago, ocean going vessels have always been plagued by the turbulence they create. water is around 1000 times thicker than air, and logically induces 1000 times more drag on any object traveling through it.the results are... slow speeds. conventional surface ships and submarine speed have always been limited to no more than 40 or 50 mph.supercavitation removes all these limits on speed...supercavitation occurs when an object moving through water reaches speeds in excess of 100 knots (110mph). if the object has a correctly shaped 'cavitator' on it's nose, a bubble of air starts to form around the object... this extends to cover the entire object, and hence the object is no longer moving through water, but through air, which creates but a fraction of the friction! hence craft will be capable of racing at high speeds on or below the surface of the ocean.traveling in a bubble kills off all traditional marine propulsion techniques. propellers spinning in air won't be much good after all... the only engines that will work are the same ones which power our ships to the stars... rocket engines.supercavitation crafts will be high speed, highly maneuverable, rocket powered fighters.it has already begun!!!the late 1970's saw the invention of the shkval... a russian torpedo capable of speeds of 500km/h (over 300mph!).an inproved shkval has since entered service and high speed supercavitational mine clearing cannons and torpedoes are alredy well advanced in development.in 2005, the first german supercavitating torpedo was developed, known as the 'barracuda' it travels at over 800km/h. no more straight shooter, the barracuda is a guided torpedo that is capable of maneuvering its way towards a target.the face of combat in the world's oceans is set to change forever.the science:cavitationtradeitional cavitation is a problem which has plagued ship designers for decades. it's caused by fast moving objects in water with sharp edges, such as propellers, spinning quickly and causing an actual change in the physical state of the water around them.the faster the propeller spins, the lower the water pressure around it becomes. if this pressure falls fast enough, then the water reaches it's 'vapor pressure', at which, like boilling water, it vaporizes and forms small bubbles of gas.unlike bubbles caused by heat though, these bubbles are unstable, and implode violently when their pressure changes. this implosion can cause extensive damage to vessels hulls. to submarines, which still cling to the notion of 'run silent run deep' this kind of enemy alerting noise could prove deadly.supercavitationrather than fighting the process of cavitation, exploits it to create a near frictionless environment for a craft to travel in. insted of trying to avoid or minimize cavitation, it attempts to create a renewable large bubble, a 'supercavitational bubble' which is designed to tottaly envelope the craft and thus make it travel within the bubble of air.the breakthrough speed at which this occurs is 180km/h, or 100knots. at this speed with a correctly crafted nose, the pressure of the water at the tip of the vessel would drop sharply, and start to change the water coming into contact with the nose from its liquid form into gaseous one. as this happens a bubble will begin to form, exlending back along the vessel.a supercavitational vessel would need to have a nose with a specially designed 'cavitator' which extends the bubble and makes it stable. the size and the length of the bubble is dependant on speed, although it size can be increased by 'ventilated supercavitation'.in ventilated supercavitation, air is pumped into the bubble to increase it's size and ensure that it covers the entire supercavitating projectile. the shkval for example, usses ventilated supercavitation by redirecting part of the exhaust gases from its rocket engines through outlets near the nose of the torpedo.thus the vessel can move on or beneath the waves safely at high speed. supercavitation represents the 1st step in the underwater revolution which is fast approaching. as funds pour into supercavitational research around the world it becomes more and more clear that the control of supercavitation will soon equate to control of the seas."from deep angel"i think that supercavitation well realy become the way to cntrol the seas in the near future!it's super-cool, i think i well make a model of a supercavitatinal submarine ;) after studing the anomaly ofcourse...abed.amman-jordan.



posted by angel claw at 8:43 am
34 comments






sunday, january 29, 2006



	 
	 yamato japanese battleship
	 
    


"she was a vast ship. every thing was conseived on the grand scale. 863feet of weather deck undulated gracefullyaft without a break, a typical feature of japanese naval design, sloping down from the bow, rising to a crest beyond b turret, the second of the two monsterous forword casements with their triple 18.1-inch guns, then falling away gradually toward the stern.the bridge tower soared 80feet beyond this deck, topped by a 30-meter optical range finder and the primitive twin -bedstead- antennas of the type 13 surface radar.inside the tower were two elevators and six decks for the officers who controlled the ship and it's attendants fleet.the hull was divided into five decks, split into compartments so complicated that the eight divisional officers took nearly an hour completing their inspection rounds last thing at night. many compartments were air-conditioned -a revolutionary innovation in a navy where hardship was proclaimed a virtue- and accommodation was so roomy that envious outsiders talked of her.every one agreed she was a beautiful ship. japanese battleships grew increasingly ugly under the modernization and remodeling programs of the twenties and the thirties. bridge and fire control structures were combined into teetering bagoda towers which looked ungainly and top-heavy.but the years of hideous improvisation came to an end when the designers produced this powerful, aesthetic silhouette. the tower was free of clutter and carefully streamlined. the one monster smokestack raked back 25deg.a crane and two catapults crowned the quarterdeck above an aircraft hanger with room for six floatplanes.the upper works bristled with guns ranged from the three giant triple turrets-two forword and one aft- and secindary armament of 6.1-inch guns to the amidships concentration of six dual purpose 5-inch turrets and 31 closely packed tups of triple antiaircraft machine guns"."from a glorious way to die, by russel spurr"it toke me 3 years to fenish bulding the ship! i added a few stuff from the japanese animation star blazers coz it was the way i knew about the yamato when i was in the 3rd grade, after that when i was in the 6th grade i found out that the yamato was real, in ww2, so when i was 19 i fineshed making the model, it's 6.45-meters long! the scale is 1/40. i love here, i hope you people like her too.abedamman- jordan.



posted by angel claw at 7:27 am
1 comments






saturday, january 07, 2006



	 
	 angel claw!
	 
    


project: euro-fighter 4000.code name: angel claw.class: med-size fighter bomber.main engine: ge/ rolls-royce, model "f-136".thrust: 80000 pounds.top speed: 3.6mach in atmosphere, 26mach in orbet.in space: dual rocket or ion propaltion system for out of atmosphere navegation.eject: controlable eject pod, can servive atmosphere re-entry, and flote in sea.soled fuel rockets: 2 attachment points to place the rockets so we can reach 11km/sec to be released from the earth gravety, than they can be released the same way in the s.t.s nasa shuttle.l.s.s: a life support system that can support the pilot and servive for 48 hours after ejecting.wepons: enternal wepon bay that can carry 8 tactical rockets on a rottaring platform, and under the wing placement is alsow possebol.euro fighter 4000 dimensions:length:* real size= 19.56m.* model size= 81.5cm. (32+ inch).width:* real size= 14.40m.* model size= 60cm. (23.25 inch).height:* real size= 5.71m.* model size= 23.8cm. (9+ inch).an unoperational model, the scale is 1/24, it toke me 6 months to fenish her.the idea came to me from a japanese animation, i worked on the aerodynamics, fixed the center of gravety relative to the aerodynamic chord, now she is almost ok ;)i hope you people like it!abed altelamman- jordan.



posted by angel claw at 4:54 am
2 comments











about me

name:  angel claw 
location:  dubai, united arab emirates 
view my complete profile

links

google news
edit-me
edit-me

previous posts

supercavitation
yamato japanese battleship
angel claw!

archives

january 2006
february 2006









 



