





moo™ organic composts — udderly the best!™ compost made in vermont

































moo™ organic compostsudderly the best!™ compost made in vermont
home
moo™

moo™ product overview
moo doo®
moo plus®
moo dirt®
moo start®
moo grow®
moo mix®
moo plant™
moo compost®
moo enhanced®


find moo™
our story

about us
mission & vision
why compost & our process
environmental stewardship
faq


moo™ gear
blog
wholesale
















 















udderly the best™our moo™ organic soils and manure are udderly the best™. all of the blends are made to be acceptable for organic farms and approved by nofa. perfect for your home garden, our moo™ bagged soils are free from weird chemicals or mysterious ingredients to cause concern.
let your kids and animals run through your gardens again!
 

star’s storystar is every employer’s dream. she works three shifts per day, seven days a week and never asks for time off. she was born in vermont and, true to her state’s reputation, she produces the highest quality, most sought after product of its kind. star is friendly and she is loved by everyone. that’s why we have chosen her picture to be on every package we make. we want everyone to know that our product line is “udderly the best!™”
 

happy gardeners use moo™“i’ve been an organic gardener for over 20 years and using moo™ products for the past 10  years. what a difference it has made in my gardens! the slow release nitrogen feeds my plants over the summer, making the most of vermont’s short growing season. knowing that moo™ is healthy for my world makes me feel better about wandering barefoot through the garden. it’s a great product!” 
— colleen wright, vermont

 





why compost?compost is mother nature’s multivitamin for plants. it slowly releases nutrients for maximum utilization for plants. adding compost to your garden helps retain moisture, suppress disease, and improve the existing soil.
we’ve got you covered. learn which moo product is right for your garden.
 



moo™ q&aquestions? we have answers!
here at moo™ we understand that you want to make sure you are using only the best soils and composts in your garden. we’re gardener’s too with children, grandchildren and furry family members running around. we’ve compiled answers to some of our most frequently asked questions about moo™ to help.



find moo™ near youmoo™ products are available from independent retail garden centers in connecticut, maine, massachusetts, new hampshire, new jersey, new york, rhode island, and vermont.
looking for moo™ in your area? use our handy online product locator to search by zip code.




gardening tips & tricks


april fools fun down on the farm


the top 5 organic garden jobs for august


5 things to do in your organic garden in july


how to prep your soil for planting


organic vegetable gardening basics





log in copyright © 2025 vermont natural ag products inc. all rights reserved.  website by: a. piper creative 








