






official mary dee site | historical romance, urban fantasy australian author | wlw sapphic lesbian romance | official fiction site for mary dee












































about mary
current news
fiction
interviews
awards
audio books
radio plays
multimedia

art
video


related blogs

history related to my fiction
mighty history chicks


newsletter
contact




















welcome to mary dee's page

mary dee is an award-winning author and playwright known for her captivating historical lesbian romance novels and plays. her stories transports readers to the tumultuous times of world war 2 and the decades after weaving tales of love, resilience, and courage. with a focus on strong female protagonists, mary dee’s stories explore the complexities of relationships against the backdrop of historical events, offering a unique blend of romance and history that has garnered a dedicated readership.







discover mary dee's captivating stories

immerse yourself in the rich tapestry of history with mary dee’s award-winning novels. join countless readers who have been enchanted by her storytelling. don’t miss out on exclusive content and updates—subscribe to our newsletter today!

explore now











updates









intertwined souls series on sale!

dec 28, 2024as we are counting down to the end of this tumultuous year and hoping 2025 is a lot better, i have a gift for you all. three novels are on special for 99c! yep bargain basement price. promise is a promise - zoe at her zany best! a widgie knight - eva gets to play...
read more








nor the battle to the strong 2nd edition

dec 24, 2024i'm pleased to announce the 2nd edition of nor the battle to the strong. check out the spiffy new cover! click here to find out more healing mind, body and soul. if only it were as easy as walking out... on the night of november 9, 1938 in berlin, germany,...
read more



upcoming radio play: echoes from the past

dec 24, 2024i've very excited to announce that sherri's playhouse and her amazing cast will once again perform one of my plays. the play is called echoes from the past, fearing our dynamic duo of eva and zoe lambros. there were chapters i had written for the book "hidden truths"...
read more


« older entries











in the blood of the greeksfinalist gay/lesbian fiction –  international book awards 2015 
“forbidden love, heart racing suspense, an epic tale set in war-ravaged greece. this classic is not to be missed.”
roberta kagan 
award winning best selling author & usa bestseller, all my love detrick series






where shadows lingerbronze award winner – historical romance 2015 readers’ favorite awards
“i just love zoe and eva. they are such strong characters. they are true companions and i love that! 
i officially adore this series. another stellar novel that blows your mind.”
 
rabia tanveer
readers' favorite






no good deedbronze award winner – historical romance 2017 readers’ favorite awards
“mary d is an amazing author with a beautiful and talented mind. 
she has the uncanny ability to put you in the moment as if you are right there with the characters.”
b. barnes / amazon uk









read more about mary’s books!









about

about mary
my publisher
privacy policy




news & blog

news & updates
related to novels
mighty history chicks blog
maryd reviews




connect

contact mary
bluesky
facebook
instagram





(c) 2001 - 2024 mary d. brooksdesigned by ausxip media




 






























