












wildlife - seed mixes for food plots | pennington























































 



























 












lawncare



seeding


patching and repairing


lawn fertilizer


lawncare resources


lawncare faqs


 



gardening



plant food


plant seeds


potting soil


soil amendments


wildflower


gardening resources


gardening faqs


 



birding



seed, feed & treats


hummingbird


feeders, houses & accessories


pet bird


wild bird resources


wild bird faqs


 



wildlife



rackmaster


food plot map creator


wildlife resources


 



agriculture



forage


agriculture resources


 



pro turf & export



pro turf resources


export


 



email



customer service


email sign-up


 



about

 





 












 











ready for the hunt
grow your food plots with superior seed products.




ready for the hunt
grow your food plots with superior seed products.























 
















pennington >


all products >


wildlife >


















 























clear all






                        product line
                    




durana (2)



rackmaster (8)



wingmaster (1)






                        life cycle
                    




annual (6)



perennial (5)






                        season
                    




cool (6)



warm (3)



mix (2)






                        ingredients
                    




brassica (1)



clover (6)



grain rye (2)



radish (2)



winter peas (3)






                        animal
                    




deer (10)



dove (3)



duck (2)



pheasant (3)



quail (6)



rabbit (6)



turkey (9)








food plot map tool










wildlife
  
       as thrilling as the actual hunt can be, there's also an excitement that comes with planning and planting your land or lease in hopes of attracting and retaining quality game. the most important piece of that puzzle is choosing the right food plots grown from the highest quality seed. that's where pennington comes in.  through more than two decades of research and development, pennington has been a leader in the field of wildlife management.

 



11 products found

 











rackmaster deluxe spring/summer mix

rackmaster deluxe spring/summer mixture is a blend of soybeans, iron clay cowpeas, buckwheat, sunflower and sorghum that furnishes deer with the nutrients needed for antler and body growth, milk production for does nursing fawns and overall health of the deer herd. it also provides food and cover for turkey, dove and quail.












rackmaster dual season

pennington rackmaster dual season is a mix of warm season grains and legumes which together make a great spring/summer food plot that will carry over into the early fall bow season. 












rackmaster mississippi complete mix

developed in cooperation with the mississippi department of wildlife, fisheries and parks, rackmaster mississippi complete seed blend contains a highly preferred mixture of small grains and annual legumes that attract and hold deer from fall through late spring /early summer. it also provides excellent food, cover and habitat for browsing quail and turkey.












rackmaster feeding frenzy

rackmaster feeding frenzy is a mixture of winter annual small grains, brassica, winter peas and re-seeding high protein clovers that deer can't resist.












rackmaster deluxe fall deer mix

rackmaster fall deluxe mixture is a combination of winter annual grasses, legumes and brassica that attract deer and provide the nutrients needed by the deer herd to maintain good body condition throughout the rut and winter stress period. it also furnishes excellent browsing habitat for quail and turkey. a hunter favorite.












wingmaster game bird mix

wingmaster game bird mix features a combination of grains that attract multiple game bird species including dove, quail, turkey and duck. with staggered maturity times, wingmaster provides an abundant supply of seed that attracts and holds dove, quail and turkey for the entire season.












rackmaster durana white clover 

durana is the premier white clover on the market for whitetail deer management. it is a perennial legume that withstands heavy grazing pressure, tolerates acid soils and competes aggressively with weeds and grasses as commonly seen in food plot situations. it is nutrient dense with protein levels of 25% or more. with favorable weather and proper management, durana can persist 3-5 years or longer. its persistence, productivity and high preference by deer, turkey and other wildlife species make it a hunter favorite. available in a 3 lb. bag.












rackmaster trophy radishes

rackmaster trophy radishes establishes and grows fast producing high yields of lush green tops loaded with protein and huge roots - both of which deer find highly attractive.









load more

































































 










 



























 



all content copyright ©  pennington seed, inc. all rights reserved. all trademarks are either the property of central garden & pet company, its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliated and/or related companies or the property of their respective owners.






privacy policy 

terms of use 





 
 









 

