



	progressive solutions, inc.









progressive solutions, inc.



















  
                              
                              
                            













made in the usa

                    our software is 100% made in the usa. 
                    we caringly craft each line of code, always with our customers in mind. 
                    we recognize that our customers are distinct, and so may have individual requirements; we are prepared to fulfill them.
photo by tanya ryno, under 

close









we’re turning green!

                    as individuals grow more environmentally conscious, 
                    we thought it appropriate to offer systems that are friendly to the planet.
                    by providing our customers with the ability to offer services over the internet, 
                    progressive solutions, inc. is helping to reduce environmental impact.
                    if the environmental cost of developing a software product can be offset by the consumption and emissions it reduces,
                    collectively we can make a lot of progress.
                
close










the city of pleasanton

photo by michael polk on flickr.






about psi
psi has developed innovative software for private and public entities since 1979. learn about:

the company
our support options


our products
our partners




software solutions
quickserve™ suite is the software solution for municipal government operations.
                consisting of business license software, false alarm billing software, utility billing software,
                parking permitting software, and more, the automation our applications provide can reduce costs and maximize revenue.
our products include revenuetrack™ functions and payment processing extensions via ivr and over the internet.
                make paying taxes more enjoyable!
licensetrack,™ our business licensing software, conveniently integrates tax forms—an exclusive feature—enabling quick and easy access to an extensible array of tax definitions.
                 looking for a specific page? view our sitemap.


contact us
p: 714-671-1597   f: 866-936-0963
                e: sales@progressivesolutions.com
p.o. box 783brea, ca 92822






        
          
           
         <!--<div class="rssentry" style="margin: 0 1em 0.25em 1em;">
  

examining the cmrta 2013 business license software survey


progressive solutions has been consistently rated as offering the premiere business license software for many years as we mentioned in our previous blog post. 

in february of 2013,  the city of carson through cmrta took a survey of cities asking for feedback  on their business license software systems.  carson is expected to issue an rfp for an integrated software solution that will include cashiering, finance, and business license. 

carson's detailed survey questions below were sent out to over 300 california cities:

1.  which software do you use for business licensing: munis, progressive solutions, or other?

2.  which software do you use for business licensing: munis, progressive solutions, or other?

3.  does the software vendor regularly offer improved features and functionality?

4.  how satisfied are you with the support/help desk?

5.  how satisfied were you with their implementation?

6.  how satisfied were you with the cost?

7.  how satisfied were you with their training?

8.  do they offer a business license specific user conference? are you satisfied with their conference?

9.  do they charge for version upgrades?

10. do they have a history of successful integration with 3rd party software?

11. do they charge for new reports?

12. would you recommend implementation of their business registration/license module?
cities who utilize progressive solutions for their business license software (who found the time to respond) overwhelmingly endorsed licensetrack.

here is what some of our customers had to say:

"the support team is fantastic. they solve all questions and problems quickly and they are very easy to get in touch with…i have nothing but praise for their prompt and friendly assistance.”  city of monterey

"third party integration has been very successful on psi’s behalf” city of pleasanton 
psi received  no negative responses despite receiving the most feedback.  if you are interested you can contact chris.retzinger@progressivesolutions.com  to receive the complete survey.

in the future we will exam some past survey results....
        



cmrta conference 2013


this years' cmrta conference was once again a very successful learning and networking opportunity for all municipal and associate attendees.   at the associate members appreciation luncheon on thursday, progressive solutions was the last vendor to speak and collectively thanked all the members for their ranking of the psi software highest for the past decade of surveys they have taken and their responses. 

progressive solutions provided the casino chips, and themed beverages for our sponsored casino royale fundraiser for charity which was a hit and brought in over two thousand dollars, "topping the highest recent fundraiser record of about seventeen hundred dollars, by several hundred dollars" per chuck maurer, city of oakland.

congratulations are in order to our client, david mcpherson of the city of oakland for winning the cmrta's lighthouse reward for the seventh time.

we wish to thank our current customers for accepting our invitation and visiting our vendor booth on thursday: the city of oakland, the city of san jose, the city of orange, the city of san bernardino, the city of yucaipa, the city of el segundo, the city of gardena, and the city of highland.

see you at the progressive solutions user conference in november!

...
        



licensetrack the highest rated business license software


it is not uncommon for a software vendor to boast that it is the "highest rated" solution or that it is "award winning". for example, the interested populace places the highest value on the olympics principally because judges that are supposed to be impartial evaluate the greatest athletes from around the world when they compete head to head.

while in house customer satisfaction surveys are a great way to help improve a companies software, software surveys conducted where multiple systems for a particular purpose are compared and evaluated by a wide range of cities and users offer the most useful information for comparing systems.

members of the cmrta (california municipal tax and revenue association) every so often conduct software surveys and ask for other cities to answer a questionnaire of different aspects of both software functionality and support.  for business license software in particular, during the last decade progressive solutions has earned both the highest ratings as compared to other well known business tax software systems and often the most customer participation.  they are more willing to go public with their thoughts and responses.  our customers not only like our software but like to tell others about it as well. all published surveys we could find for business license software confirm that: progressive solutions licensetrack is currently the highest rated business license software system. 

we will be doing a series of posts over the course of the next few week covering this years 2013 business tax survey results and previous years results as well.


...
        --!>
         








p.o. box 783; brea, ca 92822
phone: 714-671-1597
fax: 866-936-0963


need to contact us?

sales: sales@progressivesolutions.com
technical support: support@progressivesolutions.com
webmaster: 




legal stuff:

privacy policy | terms of use
hardware maintenance terms
requirements


 

copyright 2025 by progressive solutions, inc.
valid xhtml, css, rss








