







children's ministry biblical skits, bible games, sunday school lessons, kid's church sermons, christian crafts, prayer journals, sermon notes
















































children & youth ministry  
ignite a love for learning the bible with our teacher-friendly lessons!

are you ready to spark a passion for biblical learning in your students? this is where our expertise comes in.  we specialize in creating educational and creative                                                   
 bible lessons and skits,                                          
and christian crafts and games,                                                 
which makes christian education fun and relatable for your students!
                                                 
whether you're teaching sunday school, kids' church, midweek programming, or backyard bible clubs, our lessons are designed to engage and inspire children and adults!                                                   



                                                                                                                                            
subscribe to get free  ideas and encouragements                                                                                                                                                                                                 
sent to your email! learn                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
more




email address: 









(optional) your name: 







type this number                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
				                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
				in the box






















" . . . be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the lord, knowing that in the lord your labor is not in vain" 1 co 15:58. 






                                                                                            
 lighthouse bible curriculum
an overview for children on the book of acts



the lighthouse bible lessons help children discover how god displayed his glorious presence    
in scripture through light and fire. today, god gives lighthouse power to his    
children. through him we can become spiritual lighthouses in our world and point the way to    
jesus, the  true    
light of the world. learn   
more.


lighthouse memory keeper craft

             

 


sabbath rest                                               
ten commandments game   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
"six days you shall labor and do all your work, but the seventh day is a sabbath to the lord your    
god" exodus 20:9-10 (esv).    




   
play a game of freeze tag. designate one, two, or three players to be "it." at the go "it" chases the other players to tag them and say, "remember the sabbath day." the tagged player must freeze in place and respond by saying, "keep it holy." the other players may unfreeze frozen players by tagging them and saying, "remember the sabbath day," with players responding again by saying, "keep it holy." during play teacher    
slowly shouts a count to seven--six days to work, the seventh day to rest. at the count of seven, teacher yells, "remember the sabbath day, with all the kids responding, "keep it holy." teacher designates new child or children to be "it" in the next round of play.

teach the ten commandments to children. learn    
more!








                                                 
lights, camera, action bible skits                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
the life of jesus as told in the four gospels                  


unleash the power of storytelling with  "lights, camera, action bible skits--the life of jesus as told in the four gospels"
   
this unique skit book breathes life into the teachings of matthew, mark, luke, and john, offering an interactive and engaging way to share the life of jesus with the children in your ministry.
   
this collection features 25 skits, each accompanied by thought-provoking discussion questions to inspire children to act on their faith. it's not just a book, it's an opportunity to make learning about faith meaningful, fun, and most importantly, unforgettable.
   
imagine the excitement, the laughter, and the learning as children immerse themselves in these stories. it's a transformative experience that will leave a lasting impression on their hearts and minds.   
learn more!
       
         

       
         

                                                                                                                
 
 prayer journalfor christian women



my prayer journal - each of the 24 prayer sections contain an inspirational bible verse from psalm 119 to meditate upon before praying, a "prayer priorities" section to record urgent prayers, a larger section to write prayers for family, friends, and leadership, etc., and a "gratitude & praise" section to journal prayers of thanksgiving. when prayers are answered, mark through them with a highlighter pen; it's an encouragement to see god's answers and a motivation to keep praying! 
                                                                                                                                            
             a meaningful gift idea for the important women in your life! great                                                                                                                                             
             for mother's day, bible study teachers, wives, daughters, and                                                                                                                                             
             girlfriends. conveniently sized at 6" x 9", with a minimalist design interior.                                                                                                                                             
             learn                                                                                                                                             
             more.
 
 

sermon notes journal  faith comes by hearing . .                                                                                                                                             
.                                                                                                                                                                             
prayer journals | sermon notes | 52 week planner & more

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
use our journals and planners to encourage your faith-walk and to plan your day.                                                                                                                                             
they're a great idea for christian gift-giving too! learn                                                                                                                                             
more.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
      "sermon                                                                                                                                                                                                              
notes - faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of god." 
  a 25 week guide for taking sermon notes.
 each week there's a place to record the date, title, and speaker, with three pages for note-taking, and an additional page to record a life application and personalized prayer. 

our sermon notes 
journal promotes active listening, keeps the mind focused on the message, can be used as a home-study reference, and may even 
support message retention. this sermon notebook is a great christian gift idea for mother's day, student gifts, and for holidays and holy days. 
learn                                                                                                                                                                                                              
  more!

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   



                                                                                                                                 
where will you spend eternity? are you going to heaven?






                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
site map 

                                                                                                                                                        
adult bible study guides and notebooks                                                                                                                                                        
bible lesson plans and sunday school curriculum

bible games for kids

sunday school
bible skits & christian dramas

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
christian crafts for sunday school
classroom bible                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
posters                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
  devotional videos

holidays                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
& holy day ideas for children's ministry

newsletter

scripture graphics                                                                                                                                                     




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
social media
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
etsy

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
facebook
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
instagram
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
linkedin

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
pinterest
twitter    youtube 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
featured videos 
ministry partners
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
pastoral resources
search on:  aol -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
bing -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 duckduckgo -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 google -                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
 yahoo






































 















