

sassykat baskets: traditional handwoven appalachian baskets woven with pride in the usa


















woven with pride in the usa


(tm)


the appalachian mountain chain stretches down the eastern united 
states, from maine to georgia.  i use many of the traditional appalachian shapes and techniques 
in my baskets.  these have been tested thru time, and have proven 
themselves to be functional as well as pleasing to the eye. 












home





order form
       





      in stock baskets
       



 
see us on pinterest! 
www.pinterest.com/sassykatbaskets 







      events, classes

& registration
       



private labelwholesale 



 
see us on facebook! 
www.facebook.com/sassykatbaskets 



 





can't decide what someone would want?  get a 
gift certificate instead and let them decide!  gift certificates are good for baskets, classes, kits, and supplies.







  


            
events and classes schedule and registration information 




i do art and craft shows in the area and teach basketry classes at a variety of art centers, state parks, and craft shops. ask about hosting a class at your location.  
due to the covid issues craft shows have cancelled, the shops that usually host my classes are either closed or limiting contact right now.  i will update the schedule as soon as i can start holding classes again.


  

baskets i have in stock




i always have some baskets in stock, that can be shipped immediately.  if you like the style, color, size, and finish, you can get your choice right away!


this applies only to the already made baskets on my instock basket page. 
if you like the style, color, size, and finish, you can get your choice right away! 
if you would prefer something different, contact me. 




  

wholesale and private label information




many of my baskets are sold in shops nationwide. i also do private label so that your shop can enjoy the benefits of your own identity!


>




we are currently having issues with credit card processing when ordering online, please email me, or order via mail - 

 print an order form

or call me at 423-377-5555 for more information, between 8:00 am and 7:00 pm, eastern time 

please note, because of the overwhelming number of spam/scam calls i receive, if i don't recognize your number, i will let the phone go to voicemail. please leave a message and i will call you back.

i can send you a paypal invoice!  

you can also request more information by emailing me email me!







my guarantee
a well made basket should give you years of service, if properly cared for, and used 
according to its intended purpose. most of my baskets are made to order. 

i guarantee
the workmanship, and that i have made the basket as closely to your wishes as i could.

basket care tips
baskets are made from natural materials, and need a certain amount of care to 
maintain their looks and usefulness.

....although they are sturdy, don't overload them.
....baskets need a certain amount of moisture, but don't let them stay in a damp area.
....mist very lightly once a year or so.
....keep out of direct sunlight to prevent fading.
....keep them free of dust and dirt.
....protect the basket from grease and food by lining with a napkin.







katie avram
sassykat baskets
po box 177
fort white, fl   32038
(423) 377-5555
email me!



copyright 2000-2022 katie avram. all rights reserved.   last update 
july 21, 2024
"sassykat baskets - hand crafted, traditional, appalachian baskets" and "woven with pride in the usa" are trademarks of sassykat baskets.

photo credits:  most photos were taken by me or by carol antrim.  cat pics sent by friends were taken by them.








