










jerry yarnell school of fine art painting january 2025 sale specials. artist jerry yarnell instructional dvd videos lessons teach you step by step how to paint using acrylic, watercolor, and oil paints. our office is located in dunnellon fl usa.
























 352-257-6430
 my account 

register
login


 wish list (0)
 shopping cart
 checkout

















 

 0 item(s) - $0.00


your shopping cart is empty!








 
welcome! to the yarnell art websitethe original and official website of the jerry yarnell school of fine art pbs tv programcheck out our february 2025 sale specials (click here)take a look at our collection of 168 instructional videos taught by master artist jerry yarnell. each video takes you step by step though completion of each lesson or beautiful scene!   master artist and teacher jerry yarnell and yarnell art created a series of fine art acrylic, oil painting, and watercolor instructional videos available now on dvds or digital downloads. in each video jerry takes you step by step to completion of a beautiful scene. you will be amazed at how easily you can learn how to paint with acrylics, oils, and watercolor using the techniques, lessons, and ideas on each art instruction dvd.today's new sale of the day special and frequently asked question. ("sale of the day" special and faq run 24 hours and are listed daily at 9:00am eastern time)today's sale special - only $12.95 (click here)#9007 shallow water - from the jerry yarnell inspiration of painting video series. 93 minute instructional video (this painting was done using acrylic paints on an 18" x 24" canvas - beginner level).   this is an excellent lesson by master artist jerry yarnell on painting shallow water. you will learn the techniques to make it look like your rocks are underwater and gradually going from shallow to a little deeper water.#9007 shallow waterfrequently asked question of the day:question: when
i am leafing it looks like blobs of paint. what am i doing wrong?







answer: more
than likely your canvas is too loose. you need a tight canvas. to
tighten a canvas you can mist the back of it with water then blow it
dry with a hair dryer. when it dries it will be tight as a drum. you
could also have too much paint on your brush and/or be applying too
much pressure to your canvas. your brush should be dry with small
amounts of paint on the tip of the bristles.great news! we are now offering our videos on dvd or as a digital download (no shipping charge for download videos).if you purchase the digital download you will be emailed a link to download your video (your download link will be emailed to you within 12 hours - but it usually only takes an hour or two, depending on the time of day your order is received). please be sure your email address is correct when filling in your checkout information!click here for more information about our digital downloadswords cannot express how saddened we are by the loss of jerry yarnell. our deepest condolences to jerry's family. jerry yarnell will be greatly missed!




popular dvds





0113 beginning acrylic painting
0113 beginning acrylic painting - jerry yarnell school of fine art 90 minute instructional dvd ..

                    $19.95                            


 add to cart









0507 beginning watercolor techniques - volume 1
0507 beginning watercolor techniques - volume 1 - jerry yarnell school of fine art 90 minute in..

                    $19.95                            


 add to cart









0504 beginning oil techniques - volume 1
0504 beginning oil techniques - volume 1 - jerry yarnell school of fine art 90 minute instructi..

                    $19.95                            


 add to cart









0502 majestic guardian
0502 majestic guardian - jerry yarnell school of fine art 150 minute instructional dvd (this pa..

                    $24.95                            


 add to cart






flat rate shipping only $5.95 per order in usa(downloads $0.00 shipping)


yarnell landscape dvds (48)
yarnell seascape dvds (14)
yarnell wildlife dvds (25)
yarnell western dvds (14)
yarnell portrait dvds (9)
yarnell cityscape dvds (10)
yarnell still-life dvds (13)
yarnell impressionism dvds (4)
yarnell watercolor dvds (4)
yarnell oil dvds (10)
yarnell study dvds (22)
fine art brushes (2)









information

about us
shipping information
privacy policy
terms and conditions
link to us - art related links
acrylic palette layout
oil palette layout
watercolor palette layout
frequently asked questions
digital download information



customer service

contact us
returns
site map



extras

gift certificates
specials



my account

my account
order history
wish list
newsletter




jerry yarnell school of fine art videos © 2025




