


foulke family association











www.foulke.org
home of the
							foulke family association



history
genealogy
foulke family association
local groups

about this site
contact us
site map



 


celebrating more than300 years in america




the memorial volume for the 300th foulke family reunion is available
								yes, it's still available. the 300th year reunion memorial volume can be ordered. use
								the order blank (click the above link) or create your own version of it.
this 144-page coffee table quality book can be a wonderful piece of heritage for you
								and your children.
join the foulke oral history project
								tell the story of your line of the family, talk about your parents or grandparents or
								just reminisce about your own life — for the benefit of our future descendants.
 >> sample audio file: lila's hodge's foulke memories

lila hodges

current features:

new book features foulke fossil finder
								author and illustrator michael dooling's new children's book, fossil hunter,
								brings to life william parker foulke's nearly forgotten discovery of
								hadrosaurus foulkii — new jersey's state dinosaur.

								foulke family newsletters
								we are in the process of scanning the past issues of the foulke family herald.
								our intention is to provide them in scanned .pdf format, as well as rendered
								in .html and plain text.  if the webmaster finds the time, we will also provide
								them in .epub format for your ebook reader.
william dudley foulke, civil rights champion
								from 1870 until his death in 1935, william dudley foulke dedicated his life to
								social causes, first championing civil service reform and fighting boss tweed's
								political machine. he later fought for women's suffrage and agitated for better
								conditions in russia on humanitarian grounds.
past news:
edwin foulke serving as assistant labor
								secretary
								edwin g. foulke, jr., has been leading the u.s. government's occupational safety
								and health administration since may 2006. in his post, he is an assistant secretary
								of labor and responsible for ensuring the safety of all american workers.
keith foulke gets world series win
								in 2004, we celebrated with cousin keith foulke, who pitched the closing inning
								of the winning game for the boston red sox in the world series. keith retired
								from baseball in early 2007. here is the congratulatory posting we put up after
								the world series that year.

								>> other famous foulkes

highlighted resources:


								sally wister's journal
								sally wister was a teenager during the revolutionary war.  her widely celebrated
								journal documented her wartime experiences, including the part of her life spent
								at the foulke mansion in penllyn, pennsylvania.  the entire volume, including
								commentary by albert cook myers, is available on archive.org

								>> edward foulke's narrative
								of his immigration
								>> the hugh foulke house,
								quakertown, pennsylvania
								>> the 1898 foulke reunion
								memorial volume



section last updated april 24, 2015
						send comments to webmaster@foulke.org
						copyright © 1999-2015 foulke family association




