


twirl world





















    
	twirl world
	
  
my life in the world of twirling and outside of its busy schedule.  baton twirling could not be more fun and this site tells you why.




monday, january 01, 2007



	 
	 new year, new blog!
	 
    


hey everybody, as most of you have noticed, i haven't really been keeping up with my posting so i have started a new blog. this one is called paige's pics. i will put all of my pics from all of my events on there. so check it out!!! www.paigespictures.blogspot.com



posted by twirl world @ 2:00 pm
2 comments






monday, september 11, 2006



	 
	 high school!!!
	 
    


omg!  i just got through my first week of high school.  i am going to love it, except three days a week i have to be there at 7:00 for band, but o well.  all of my teachers, are nice, but they all have names that i can barely pernounce.  the only class that i am really worried about is speech.  i'm not worried about getting a bad grade, but the whole giving speeches part.  now don't get me wrong, those who know me, know that i am nowhere near being a shy person.  the thing is that this is a tenth grade class, so the rest of the class is sophmores except for two other of us smart freshies.  i just hope i don't make a complete idiot of myself, but i don't think that i will. congratulations to my friends hannah u. and brendan a.!!! they made the freshman homecoming court! go hannah!!!



posted by twirl world @ 2:25 pm
18 comments






tuesday, august 29, 2006



	 
	 school and dance
	 
    


well, my busy schedule is back.  dance starts this week and school starts next week.  i am so excited to learn all of our new routines.  it is weird to think that they our routines can  be any better than last year, but that is what is say every year. somehow we do get better.  now school i am looking forward to but not because of the learning part.  i'm more happy about seeing my friends everyday now.  some of them i haven't seen all summer. oooo, and guess what, i'm in high school. yah!!!  the only bad part about my first year of high school is that i am a freshman.  we are considered the babies of the school.  o well. everybody is going to be or has been freshman before.  talk to all yall later.



posted by twirl world @ 8:04 am
2 comments






wednesday, august 23, 2006



	 
	 2nd day!!!
	 
    


so far, band camp has been pretty good. today i got even more burnt than i was. omg!!! it hurts sssssoooooooooooo bad!!! it wasn't as bad as yesterday though. today there was atleast a break. please comment me. it doesn't have to be about what i wrote. just say how u r doin' and wat is goin' on and wat not. please!!!!!!!!!!!!



posted by twirl world @ 4:22 pm
4 comments






tuesday, august 22, 2006



	 
	 band
	 
    


hey, everybody!!! today was the first day of band camp.  its not the band camp that you are thinking of.  it is where we learn our marching routines for the season.  it was so hot today, and i think that i got sunburnt. i don't feel it now, but i'm sure that i will tomorrow.  we have camp for three days for six hours a day.  it is actually kind of fun. the other twirlers and i mess around some the time so its a blast. i also have drill team for an hour tonight and then dance camp for another two hours right after.  i'm going to be dead tonight.  ttyl!!!



posted by twirl world @ 3:09 pm
0 comments






thursday, august 17, 2006



	 
	 dumpster
	 
    


i know this sounds a little gurastic but if you saw the inside of our house you would understand. we have rented a dumpster for a week and are pretending that we are moving. we are throwing almost everything out. so far i have thrown four huge buckets of trash out of my room and i am still not finished. by the time we are done our house is going to be spotless. we are moving my brother into my dad's office, my dad's office, into the basement. our basement will also be a tv room for us to hang out. it also has a fuzball table. i am actually excited that we are finally doing this. for my friends who are reading this, now i might be able to have you over. yay!!! yay!!! ttyl



posted by twirl world @ 11:24 am
3 comments






friday, august 11, 2006



	 
	 dance camp!!!
	 
    


i know that i haven't posted in a while and that this camp was a week ago, but i guess that i have just been enjoying not having anything going on.  in fact i picked up a baton for the first time in three weeks the other day.  yah, i know what a surprise.  well, dance camp was a blast.  the entire team got along the whole time.  we stayed at the dorms at drake university and from there, the gym was about 3 blocks away.  by the way,  the gym that the camp was held in wasn't air-conditioned.  it was like in the nineties the entire time we were there.  and of course the only time that it rained was the last day.  when i got home from camp i was so depressed because i missed it so much.  what really surprises me is how much i missed it.  while i was there all i wanted to do was go home and sleep.  i was gross, sweaty, tired, frustrated, and i constantly was taking medicine to get rid of the headaches.  just because i thought that you needed to know this, but you know i told you that i sweat, well to show just how much we were sweating.  through the entire day of camp i didn't pee once because all of the water i was drinking was being sweat out of me.  i am not exagerating one bit!!!  one thing that surprised me was the food.  i expected college food to be disgusting ,but really it was sooooooooooooo delicious.  i loved it!!!  it was like a buffet and you had so many options.  overall it was a great experience.  i hope that i will get to go back next year!!!



posted by twirl world @ 5:44 pm
5 comments










about me

name:  twirl world 

i'm just flippin' sweet!!! what else could i say?
view my complete profile

links

google news
law and disorder
norwalk superstars
norwalk baseball

previous posts

new year, new blog!
high school!!!
school and dance
2nd day!!!
band
dumpster
dance camp!!!
baton nationals!!!
balloons & tunes
bill riley 2006

archives

november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
january 2007








 




