














coker university | private college in south carolina

























































skip to content



 coker university
coker university is a private university in hartsville, south carolina.

 search 



search

 search 









aboutexpand_morea student-focused, private liberal arts college located in hartsville, south carolina.about coker overviewwhy coker?strategic plan 2015-2025university leadershipdepartments & officescampus newscampus mapacademicsexpand_morediscover the path to your future at coker university.academic overviewcoker academic programs and degreesundergraduate programsgraduate programsonline and bridge programsapec at cokerhonors programstudy abroad programsstudent successwriter’s studioacademic calendaradmission & costsexpand_morecoker university makes the admissions process seamless for all students.admission & aid overviewfreshmantransferbridge programsundergraduate onlinegraduate admissionscostscholarshipsmilitary & veteran informationfinancial toolkitnet price calculatorstudent lifeexpand_morewith coker, you’ll find new ideas and a supportive community.student life overviewresidence life and housingclubs & organizationsfoodlibrary-information technology centercampus safetystudent successcampus center for health and wellnessdisability support servicesalumniexpand_morewelcome home! thank you for allowing us to be a part of your story!homecomingalumni dayupdate your infoawards & honorsalumni newsalumni association boardcommentary magazinecoker cobra alumni business directorycoker alumni attorney directoryathleticsapplyvisitgive latest coker news:rooted in hartsville: brittany henderson’s journey from teacher to daycare owner





latest: rooted in hartsville: brittany henderson’s journey from teacher to daycare owner 

apply  arrow_forward 
visit  arrow_forward 
give  arrow_forward 





i am: select
								

students
prospective & incoming students
family & visitors
alumni
faculty & staff
 








homepage 









go where you can grow
find your people. find your passion. find your purpose. 













coker priorities

student successdiversity, interfaith & inclusion access cokercoker value & affordability 

we do this together.meet with your advisor, schedule an appointment with a success coach, or dive into faculty-guided research to set yourself up for success. whether you need life advice or career mentoring, you’ll find someone at coker ready to help you become the leader you were meant to be.  see what coker students are sayingcoker wants everyone on campus to feel welcome, safe, and respected. we promote a supportive environment that celebrates the diversity of cultures, backgrounds, and beliefs among our students and faculty.learn more about coker’s commitmentdigital technology has revolutionized the way we learn, connect, and collaborate. access coker fosters student interaction and innovation through access to personalized technology devices and cutting-edge digital campus resources.explore coker technology resourcescollege is an investment in yourself, but you aren’t alone. from scholarships and grants, your coker financial support team can help you plan for your future.financial aid toolkit  




coker priorities

student successmeet with your advisor, schedule an appointment with a success coach, or dive into faculty-guided research to set yourself up for success. whether you need life advice or career mentoring, you’ll find someone at coker ready to help you become the leader you were meant to be.  see what coker students are sayingdiversity, interfaith & inclusion coker wants everyone on campus to feel welcome, safe, and respected. we promote a supportive environment that celebrates the diversity of cultures, backgrounds, and beliefs among our students and faculty.learn more about coker’s commitmentaccess cokerdigital technology has revolutionized the way we learn, connect, and collaborate. access coker fosters student interaction and innovation through access to personalized technology devices and cutting-edge digital campus resources.explore coker technology resourcescoker value & affordabilitycollege is an investment in yourself, but you aren’t alone. from scholarships and grants, your coker financial support team can help you plan for your future.financial aid toolkit  
 






coker news			 
read more 
feb 17, 2025rooted in hartsville: brittany henderson’s journey from teacher to daycare owner 
    
 
after graduating from coker university, brittany henderson stayed in hartsville, sc, and transformed her person…jan 30, 2025journey to the top – how six coker alumni climbed mt. kilimanjaro 
    
 
after running a marathon, a break is on most people’s minds. but for tyler senecal ‘13, he was thinking abo…jan 24, 2025coker university launches the common app to streamline admissions 
    
 
first-time freshmen can now apply to coker university through the common application (common app), a platform u… 






explore
you deserve a school that recognizes what you, as an individual, need to reach your goals. at coker, you’ll find student-centered instruction and a collaborative environment designed to foster your leadership success.


 arrow_right_alt 


academic knowledge is just one factor of a liberal arts education. coker university embraces a multidimensional approach to instruction, combining round-table discussions with hands-on experiences that equip you for success personally, professionally, and as a leader. we also provide countless ways for you to socialize and collaborate with other students, so you can develop the connections and confidence that lead to lifelong success.

start your story here 



a focus on students
you always come first. coker’s comprehensive support and instruction will encourage your active involvement in the classroom and the community. from small class sizes, to mentorship by faculty members and peers, you’ll find an environment conducive to academic achievement and personal growth.

 add 



programs and degrees 
explore nearly 20 bachelor’s degree programs, including four that can be completed online. from studio art to psychology, and from medical technology to business management, we’ll help you find a program that fits your passion. balancing graduate studies with work and family is challenging. our five online master’s programs let you earn a degree in only 15-18 months, so you can reach your goals without disrupting your life.

 add 



student life
coker is all about community. we offer a variety of registered student organizations and activities, leadership opportunities, and living learning communities that let you put new knowledge and skills into practice outside the classroom. explore real-world learning and make a positive impact through volunteerism and student-led initiatives, as you nurture new friendships to last a lifetime.

 add 





     






upcoming events
what’s happening at coker
view calendar


 




 


  play_circle  virtual tour 
 








coker university sits on a picturesque 15-acre campus, nestled in a historic neighborhood on the edge of hartsville, south carolina. schedule a tour and see for yourself why students and faculty love calling coker home. plan your visit 










							justin lyde						
“coker has contributed tremendously to my communication and leadership skills during my three years here. knowing the skills i know now from what i learned here at coker; i am a firm believer that anything is…






							dr. jennifer borgo raia						
“one of the things i wanted to do, and one of the reasons i came to coker, is because it allows us to use research as a teaching tool for the students and get any student who wants to do it involved.”






							aaron beebe – coker university						
“we are still coker. the university title doesn’t change the small classes, the one-on-one interaction between students, staff and faculty, and doesn’t take away the family feel we have on campus. i believe the…









 arrow_right_alt 

exceptional value and affordability
financial concerns should not stand in the way of your story. merit, talent, athletic, and donor-funded scholarships will help you cover the cost of tuition and other expenses. our staff can help you determine eligibility and apply for the right programs, so you can move forward with your educational goals.

dance and music scholarships given to 83% of new students
veterans, active military, and their dependents also may be eligible for education-related financial benefits
tuition discounts for local students


explore financial aid 


afford
exceptional value and opportunities for financial assistance.


95% of students receive financial aid$10,000,000+ in scholarships awarded annuallyfinancial aid counselors here to help 







apply
we clear the path to earning your degree.

easy application process
no application fees
no sat/act scores needed



 arrow_right_alt 

take the first step
coker offers a streamlined application process for both our undergraduate and graduate programs, so you can move forward on your journey to success. now is the time to begin your story. whether you’re a new student or transferring from another school, you can complete the application process quickly using our easy online form.
apply now 






undergraduate education
970+ undergraduate students discussion-based roundtable learning philosophy will challenge you to explore, communicate, and defend your ideas. learn to think critically and ask purposeful questions through our top-quality bachelor’s programs.








graduate education
130+ graduate students all graduate programs are 100% online and can be completed in as little as 15-18 months. the curriculum follows an accelerated schedule, with one course every six weeks and approximately ten courses per program.








universal education
432+ bridge students coker university has 2+2 agreements with six regional technical colleges, to provide students who have earned an associate degree a seamless pathway to completing a bachelor’s degree at coker.










 arrow_right_alt 

we’re here to help
the college admissions process can seem overwhelming, especially if you’re the first person in your family to pursue a degree. our admissions counselors are available to answer questions and guide you through the process to submit your application and your transcripts, as well as completing your fafsa. from the first day of school until graduation and beyond, coker will surround you with a nurturing, inclusive community that’s invested in your personal success.

take the next step 


enroll
discover what community means at coker.
• 27 states represented
• 21 foreign countries represented
strong commitment to undergraduate research
• dedicated director of undergraduate research
• 2 winners of the pee dee idea pitch challenge


strong commitment to undergraduateteaching and a most innovative school  u.s.  
news & world report 2019









be part of our community, as we work together to learn, lead, and inspire.

request information
 arrow_forward 
plan your visit
 arrow_forward 
apply










300 e. college avenuehartsville, sc 29550
main: (843) 383-8000admissions: (843) 383-8050emergency: (843) 383-8140



visitors

visit coker
campus map
campus safety
public disclosures
campus calendar
visual & performing arts courses & events
kalmia gardens of coker university
coker university store
venue rentals
things to do in hartsville, sc
 


alumni & friends

alumni events
alumni news
coker cobras
coker cobras store
tickets
camps & clinics
strategic plan
career opportunities
make a gift
 


students

offices & services
brightspace
cobrastop
coker email
library
directory
campus news
academic calendar
online payments
organizational chart
 




				© 2025 coker university |  
privacy policy























expand_less


 get started  visit getinfo apply  




make your year end gift to coker university!
https://www.coker/yearend/


			×			





				year end 2022			

https://www.coker.edu/donations/yearend-2/


			×			





				our spring sale has started			

you can see how this popup was set up in our step-by-step guide: https://wppopupmaker.com/guides/auto-opening-announcement-popups/


			×			



















