
home | mcinerny funeral home serving elmira, new york


















about us





map & directions




contact us




our facilities







home




obituaries & tributes




funeral planning





when death occurs




burial services




cremation services




eulogies and obituaries




funeral etiquette







faq




pre-planning





pre-arrange online







grief resources





10 facts about grief and grieving




understanding bereavement




the loss of a spouse




the loss of a pet




loss from a child’s perspective




helping children cope with grief




how to help someone who is grieving




dealing with special days and holidays




grief after suicide




grief in the workplace







legal advice





bank accounts




death certificates




executors




probate




wills




















502 w water st,     |     elmira, ny 14905     |     phone (607) 733-6271




























































welcome to mcinerny funeral home
since our founding, the guiding principle of mcinerny funeral home has been the commitment to treating each family who comes to us as our own. with sincerity, pride, and dedication, we are committed to this time-honored tradition.please feel free to browse our pages to learn more about pre-planning a funeral and grief support, as well as the traditional funeral and cremation services that we have to offer.  if you have any questions or concerns please feel free to contact us at anytime, we are available by phone or e-mail, or drop by the office in person.  we are always here to help




taking the time now to arrange your funeral is one less thing your loved ones will need to worry about once you’ve passed. pre-planning and pre-paying your funeral is one of the most thoughtful gifts you can give to your family. > learn more
testimonials




we would like to thank you for all of the kindness shown to our family at the time of our mother's death.  your concern and caring did not go unnoticed or unappreciated.  your attention to detail and personalization of her wake went above and beyond! a special thanks for the time spent preparing mom for viewing.  it was comforting to see her without the reminder of her physical challenges.sincerely,the a. family






we knew you were wonderful & want to thank you for all you did to make our experience so positive & plesant.  you guided us so gently through this difficult time.  no one else would have invested so much of themselves. thank you ,nancy










current services
past services







        loading...
    







                        j.  peter fennell, sr.
                    

wednesday, february 12, 2025








                        joyce m. call
                    

saturday, february 8, 2025








                        joseph francis chalk
                    

friday, february 7, 2025








                        jeffrey lynn cacala
                    

saturday, january 25, 2025








                        joseph w. sozanski
                    

monday, february 3, 2025








                        marie gallo colucci
                    

wednesday, january 29, 2025








                        martin john whitford
                    

tuesday, january 28, 2025








                        alfred lawrence lagonegro
                    

saturday, january 25, 2025








                        john j. roth, jr.
                    

thursday, january 23, 2025








                        iro  greven
                    

saturday, january 18, 2025



view all
receive notifications








the moments write the story...







proudly serving the communities of elmira and horseheads. 







about us
since our founding, the guiding principle of mcinerny funeral home has been the commitment to treating each family who comes to us as our own. with sincerity, pride, and dedication, we are committed to this time-honored tradition.


our location
mcinerny funeral home502 w water st,elmira, ny 14905phone (607) 733-6271fax (607) 733-7526


map







quick links
obituaries & tributescontact uspre-planninggrief resourceslegal advice






copyright © 2013. all rights reserved.







admin login | website powered by funeraltech & ta | privacy policy | terms of use





