ï»¿




alaska job center network






  skip to content   back to top 




  state of alaska  
  myalaska  
  departments  
  state employees  
  statewide links  






 













department of labor and workforce development








 search 





   


division of employment and training services









  home  
  job seekers  
  workers  
  employers  
  training  
 data research  









 state of alaska 
 dolwd 
alaska job center network
alaska job center network





alert
the nome job center will be closed feb. 13 and 14, 2025. customers may call the bristol bay job center at (907) 842-5579 for assistance.

alaska job center network



closure valdez job center
alert
the valdez job center will be closed through january 28, 2025.  customers may contact the peninsula job center at (907) 335-3000 or peninsula.jobcenter@alaska.gov for assistance.

 





  
                  click to enter alaskajobs  
              



learn about the services provided by the alaska job centerslisten to the department podcast 

the alaskajobs system has replaced alexsys. alaskajobs is accessed through myalaska and you will need a myalaska account for each user type in alaskajobs, such as an individual seeking a job, an employer recruiting for a position, a service provider or case manager. 

click to view alaskajobs demonstration for individuals
individual job seekers
for job seekers who had alexsys accounts, your account information, job search history, cover letters, and resumes were transferred from alexsys to alaskajobs.
please follow the instructions for individual job seekers login document [pdf]
click to view alaskajobs demonstration for employers
employers
for employers who had alexsys accounts, your job posting history, applicant history, and employer profile were transferred from alexsys to alaskajobs.
employers, to verify existing accounts or create new alaskajobs registrations, please follow the  instructions for employers login document [pdf]. 
		contact your nearest alaska job center if assistance is needed.







main menu

alaska job center network

healthcare jobs
seafood industry jobs
seafood recruitments
business/employer connection
job centers
job fairs and recruitments
job seeker resources
job training
labor market information
public assistance
vocational rehabilitation

quick links

alaska career information system
apprenticeship
avtec
masst - mature alaskans   
              seeking skills training
on-the-job training
ojt employer brochure
partner sites
state of alaska jobs
usajobs - federal government jobs
veterans' services
youth services
federal stevens amendment information













    
    




  accessibility  -  oeo statement  - 
 terms of use  -  privacy  -  copyright info  





  



 department of labor & workforce development 
 p.o. box 111149 
							juneau, ak 99811 













  state of alaska  
  myalaska  
  departments  
  state employees  




 copyright © state of alaska · department of labor & workforce development ·  email us  











