









home - chesapeake humane society






























































facebookinstagram(757) 546-5355 


0shopping cartabout

about chs
hours & locations
news
meet the team
employment
resources
our programs & services
faqs


donate

tree for the animals donations
general donations
medical fund donations
crisis boarding fund
sponsor a kennel
corporate support
other ways to help


volunteer

volunteer overview
foster a pet


adopt

adoption overview
adoptable pets


clinic

clinic overview
spay & neuter
dental services
id tags & microchip
faqs


events

2024 gala

gala sponsorship form
auction
2024 gala tickets


slumber pawty


programs

pet food pantry
help during crisis

who we help
how to apply for help
crisis resources




hours and locations
donate





menu


menu

 






crisis boarding programdonatelearn moresponsor a kennel!help provide comfort and care to shelter pets
become a kennel sponsor today!the world just got a whole lot brighterwith the love and care of devoted foster parents these wonderful pets are given a second chance for life.
donate todayadopt a friendour pet pantrythe pet pantry provides assistance in a time of need. we are here to support you and help your pets stay in their homes.
apply nowhow to helpmaking a differenceread morepreviousnext12345
crisis boarding programdonatelearn moresponsor a kennel!help provide comfort and care to shelter pets
give them a second chancedonate todayadopt a friendour pet pantryapply nowhow to helpmaking a differenceread morepreviousnext12345


adopt


donate


volunteer


low-cost vet clinic








whether you adopt, foster, donate or volunteer….





getting involved has never been easier!
the chesapeake humane society, located in the great bridge area of chesapeake is a private, non-profit organization that works to promote the welfare of companion animals throughout hampton roads. chs does not receive government funding and is not affiliated with any national humane organization or other virginia-based animal welfare organizations. we are entirely dependent upon the generosity of individual and corporate supporters to fund our programs and services. although we are not affiliated with, or funded by, the city of chesapeake, we do work closely with chesapeake animal services to help find homes for animals in the city shelter.


adopt a friend

the journey to a finding love in your life just got simpler….
your best friend is waiting for you!


this page is powered by shelterluv.  learn more www.shelterluv.com



latest news
may 7, 2024/in homeless animals/by chesapeake humane societyread more

https://chesapeakehumane.org/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/img_4189-scaled.jpg
2560
1920


chesapeake humane society

https://chesapeakehumane.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/chs-logo-with-rabbit-01.png

chesapeake humane society2024-05-07 13:29:122024-05-07 13:34:20





subscribe for email updates on chs animals and events





  



scroll to top

















 



