


psych web by russ dewey














for students and teachers of psychology


textbook resources
general systems toolkit
by russ dewey
psychology, an introduction
2017-2018 update of the full-length online textbook by russ 
dewey
self-quiz for introductory psychology
by russ dewey
archives
apa style resources
places to get information
careers in psychology
by marky lloyd
psychology of religion
by michael nielsen
sport psychology
with karlene sugarman pick
the interpretation of dreams
freud's classic in a smartphone friendly format










psych web © russ dewey 1995-2018

about psych web
psych web is dedicated to students and teachers of psychology. it contains career advice for psychology majors, a review of psychology and religion as an academic discipline, and a full-length, free introductory 
psychology textbook.
what's new
[09/14/2018] users are now automatically 
redirected from the 2007 textbook urls to the 2017/2018 version, same material. 
if the topic is now in the middle of a longer page, the user is sent to the 
topic heading.
if you run into any difficulties or problems on 
the site, please send an email to dr. dewey at psywww@gmail.com. we are making 
many upgrades and some glitches will occur. we can eliminate the problem quickly 
if we know about it.
[08/30/2018] we are streamlining the site and 
making a few changes. visitors who use the online textbook will be required to 
turn off adblockers.
older sections of psych web have been moved to 
a new archives section. (the urls are preserved.) pages of enduring value have 
been retained.
for example, mike's pages include a mirror of the heaven's gate site. it 
was created by a religious cult convinced an alien spaceship was lurking behind 
the hale-bopp comet, before they committed mass suicide.
mike and his assistants also prepared an online version of the william james text varieties of religious 
experience. it remains online.
[07/02/2018] my son james will be taking over 
as the technical host of psych web. i will be concentrating on preparation of 
more textbook material.
[06/03/2017] i added a new and unusual textbook to psych web: the general systems toolkit. it is suitable for 
self-study, for a mini-course on complex systems, or as a supplement to a course 
like cognitive psychology (which is how i used it).
[05/05/2017] most of the old "resource" link collections have been replaced with links to updated material in the intro book plus an invitation for students to use how to use google scholar. see, for example, this page on memory). the links to these 
pages have been removed; people will only find them through search engines or 
stored urls.
jouni smed's altered states archive from 1995 
has been removed. jouni was an undergrad in finland when he assembled it. i am 
grateful to jouni for letting me use his archive for 22 years. now more 
up-to-date discussions on the same topics can be found in the updated intro 
book. for example:

consciousness
hypnosis
sleep
dreaming...and... 
  
psychoactive 
  drugs 
[04/20/2017] i reformatted freud's the 
interpretation of dreams so it can be read on a small screen. freud 
wrote some long paragraphs (up to 15 column inches on a smartphone screen) but i 
did not feel i should break them up, despite the urge.

here is a site-specific google search 
for within psych web.











thank you for visiting psych web. write to dr. dewey at psywww@gmail.com.


