



ipads.com - ipad tablet computers news from apple computer, samsung, motorola, rim reviewed



















ipads



ipads home
apple ipad
top ipad tablets
other ipads
ipad prices
ipad reviews
ipad apps








			ipads magazine						
monday february 17th 2025


						exclusive ipad articles, live ipad tablet news covering the apple ipad tablets well as competing tablet computers from rim, sony, hp, motorola, samsung, and more.
						

 






				tablets make sense for different groups of users				

tablet and pad computing is moving in new directions according to what people find that they need — and want. it seems that what the public decides is what may guide new gadget creation.
there are different events driving changes. here’s a significant one: new writers are showing their belief in ebook reader tablets such as kindle and nook — along with all the most popular tablets (ipad, windows surface, and so on) — because self-publishing in electronic book format is one of the fastest ways to get your work out to the public and sold. barnes & noble even offers a do-it-yourself section called pub-it where a writer may publish his novel and sell it on the b&n site in ebook form, barnes and noble providing most of the tools.
although electronic book publishing has slipped recently, it remains an excellent option writers will not overlook even when they also publish a print book. why? one of the many reasons is that ebook tablet readers are a growing favorite of older customers — who happen to be the target audience of many novelists.
internet tablets, and tablet e-readers are growing smaller, lighter, thinner. the ipad itself lost 50 grams when the 2nd version came out, or a little over a tenth of a pound, but to me the difference in weight between the original ipad and ipad2 seemed much more. after developing arthritis the change meant a lot, it was quite welcome. the ipad mini is only half the weight of its big brother, at .68 lbs. i think i’m going to go ahead and get one.
all these smaller tablets and ebook readers including ipad mini and blackberry playbook are good choices for anyone who likes to grab the tablet and go places. these users tend to forget to carry a stand for them, so the lighter it is, the better. kindles and nooks are extremely lightweight too and have been since the beginning.
a friend of mine in florida carries her kindle on the go. she’s in her early 80s and likes to carry books when she rides her bike so the kindle is a compact solution. yes, i said her bike. she’s also a daily internet user and ardent blogger, one of a growing circle of older people who stay in touch with friends by going online. you can come up with some interesting theories about how technology can extend your life by engaging you with life, if you want. there’s probably plenty of evidence.
one of the wisest things microsoft did was connect a keyboard to its surface tablet. this accessory is very lightweight and as we all know from the tv commercials, when you attach the keyboard, the accompanying clicking sound is satisfying enough to start you dancing. the ipad left its keyboard dock behind when it upgraded the os — requiring owners to re-purchase a wireless keyboard if they don’t care for typing on a touchscreen — so the surface keyboard provides arguably the best typing solution available for tablet users.
there is a tension between the convenience of smaller pad computers and the visibility of a bigger screen, easily seen when you consider that smartphones are now getting bigger to provide a bigger screen surface for the customer. pad computing remains aimed at providing a nice selection of choices for buyers.
				enjoy the live ipads news, updated 4 times per hour.  we will be adding improvements weekly, so stay tuned!				






site news

								enjoy the live ipads news, updated 4 times per hour.  we will be adding improvements weekly, so stay tuned!				



not found
sorry, but you are looking for something that isn't here.


search for:







more articles 11


apple iphone 4 features + apple ipad update







more articles


are the free ipad offer giveaways you hear about legitimate?
apple ipads for students
apple ipad or islate or  or steve’s tablet, what will apple call its media tablet?
apple event 9/09/09: apple ipad computer launch?
2009 – year of the tablet and ipad computer








 



recent ipad articles



ipad cases: tips for choosing the best one
are the free ipad offer giveaways you hear about legitimate?
ipad 3 expected release date and features
educational apps for your ipad
will the new ipad 3 have 4g connectivity?
apple ipads for students
save money and do an ipad trade in
which one is for you: ipad with wifi or the ipad with 3g plus wifi?









ipad items for sale

 amazon.com widgets








popular  searches home



1-5
apple ipad
apple ipad 2
apple ipad mini
samsung galaxy
rim playbook
asus tablet


6-10
motorola xoom
hp touchpad
android tablets
microsoft tablets
dell streak tablet
archos tablet








 
 ipads - just another wordpress site  
 
 
 
 
 
 



	

	
			
		
		
	

	


		



apple is hard at work, at something
the wall street journal reported yesterday on how steve jobs, apple’s ceo, has shifted his focus into high gear towards the internet tablet that apple is rumored to be releasing sometime in the near future. the article mentioned mr. jobs has been on top of his personnel and combing over every detail, much like he […]

ipad 3 expected release date and features
when is the expected release date for the ipad 3 and what features will it have? read on for more details.

apple ipad or islate or  or steve’s tablet, what will apple call its media tablet?
(editors note: the apple ipad tablet was announced on 1-27-10) it’s an apple ipad — no, it’s an itablet — no, it’s an islate. whatever apple calls it, here it comes. tablet computers and tablet computing, which has been revving up in the last few years, is about to get its figurehead. apple is projected […]

apple iphone 4 features + apple ipad update
steve jobs invoked the apple ipad, then unveiled the apple iphone 4 to the audience at wwdc  (world wide developers’ conference) held in san francisco on monday, june 7th, as most of the mac world anticipated. after opening his address by discussing a few nice updates to apple’s new ipad, he introduced apple’s latest generation […]

are the free ipad offer giveaways you hear about legitimate?
have you ever wondered if you can really get a free ipad from one of those giveaways you hear about on the internet? find out today.





















 


ipad news


ipad prices
new ipads
tablet apps
tablet sites
article index



tablet computers


apple ipad tablet
apple ipad mini
rim playbook
hp touchpad
motorola xoom
dell sprint
samsung
sony
archos







search for:




recent posts


tablets make sense for different groups of users


ipad cases: tips for choosing the best one


are the free ipad offer giveaways you hear about legitimate?


ipad 3 expected release date and features


educational apps for your ipad


recent commentsarchives

march 2021
february 2012
april 2011
march 2011
june 2010
january 2010
september 2009
august 2009

categories

uncategorized


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org


webmasters


free webfeed
contact us

free rss feeds:

latest articles
rec.



newsletter














copyright 2008-2016 ipadsmagazine, all right reserved



