

michael clark's home page



welcome to www.binaryblast.com !!!



please note: this website is 
best viewed using internet explorer 5.0 or
higher, and screen resolution 800x600x16-bit 
(high color) or better.



hi!  welcome to michael clark's home page.  this web page contains many links to 
interesting things about myself and my interests, which can be found in the 
table of contents section of my home page. 


 below is a picture of 
my wife lyra and i.  if you want to see more pictures of family, friends, 
and us, just click on my 
picture albums. if you want to see our wedding website, click our cute photo below. 

we have officially been married for 15 years and 
counting !!!



table of contents

 general information

this section of my home page contains my interactive instant 
messenger list with ways to contact me online through each messenger.  
			it also has some of my favorite search engine links which i recommend using for finding information on the world wide web.  
		
 mike's personal page

this page has personal information on myself and 				       different things about me.
			it has information on my educational goals and 					       involvement, and also some information about my 				       family.
		
 mike's comic book page

this page contains information about my hobby of 				        collecting comic books.
			many links to other comic sites are given at this page.
		
 mike's music page

this page is about one of my favorite music groups,        			       erasure.
			it has some pictures as well as links and some audio and video 				       clips.
  		
 mike's video game page

this page is basically about my interest in different 				       video games.
			it has some pictures, links to video game sites, some  				       information  
about my interest in games, and some 				       coverage on the nintendo 64 game title, 
the legend of zelda: the ocarina of time.
  		
 mike's fun page

this page is just created for fun things like games or  			                  trivia questions.
			want to try out a word puzzle game, check this page  				       out.
  		
 mike's dynamic html page

this page was created for a dynamic html project in my cosc 484 course.
			it uses javascript, html, and style sheet layers from dynamic html (or dhtml) to model a portion of our solar system.
  		
 mike's picture albums

this picture page is the newest addition to 
my website. i have taken my raw digital photos and loosely organized 
them into album folders. this page is still 
in the works, so i haven't added descriptive names to all albums. i also
haven't added all of my digital pictures from over the years.  hopefully, they will all be here 
soon.  
			note 
that these pics are raw digital photos and have not been edited for the 
most part.  this means they are big pics, some are not rotated right side up, and original versions will take time to view on 
slower connections.  for those using dial-up, i have made the pictures and the first frames of video clips into thumbnails when first viewing the 
albums.  yes i am considerate of all of you too :-p  
			 also note that clicking on a .avi video file (file names starting with mvi) will load the entire movie file.  this 
may take a very long time even on fast connections as the videos are bigger then the pictures, much bigger.  your browser may appear to lock up while the video is 
downloaded to your computer, but please be patient.  however, after the first time downloading the video your browser's cache will bring the video 
right up with future viewings.
		

 general information


my space profile
find me on myspace and be my friend!

interactive instant messengers


download aol instant 
messenger








download yahoo! 
messenger
























download icq instant messenger
you can icq-page 
me as well as other users right from here with no additional software. your 
message will be instantly delivered. if the user is online, the message will popup on his/her screen, if 
the 
user is offline it will be stored and forwarded to him/her as soon as he/she connects to the internet. 
installing the icq client will enable you to know if your friends are online and communicate directly with 
them.



search engine list

in case you were looking for something on my pages but could not find it, i would recommend using a search engine or directory.  
they are very easy to use and are very efficient at finding specific information.

here is a list of links to good search engines and directories that i find are usually accurate:


 google
 hotbot
 altavista
 webcrawler
 excite
 yahoo


i hope these will help you in finding what you need.

 please feel free to send me e-mail regarding questions or comments 
about this page.
© michael clark 

thanks for visiting michael clark's home page. 
back to the top


