








trinity alps resort - for the rest of your life...





































trinity alps resort















home 


facilities 


activities 


weddings/events 


location 


gallery 


rates 


availability 












sidebar
×



homefacilitiesactivitiesweddings/eventslocationgalleryratesavailability









































for the rest of your life...






90 private acres of paradise surrounded by 500,000 acres of wilderness - there's no place else in the world like it! feel the history, touch the life, experience the joy that generations have discovered - welcome to trinity alps resort!the resort has changed very little since the 1920's - rustic buildings set among virgin forests and majestic mountains, abundant with wildlife. one of california's finest wild rivers - the stuart fork flows through the resort, filled with rainbow and brown trout.at trinity alps resort you vacation in your own way. at your own pace. in your own time. because at trinity alps you have the freedom to choose your own version of a perfect vacation. active or relaxing, alone, with friends, or as a family.come join us for the "rest of your life"!















	latest news	











 
feb 5, 2025
we welcome our new general managers drew & josephine and their two sons aiden (9) and lazarus (3)! they arrived in dec and are learning all about the resort. we hope they will be here for many years to come! our winter has been fairly mild so we are getting a lot of work done around the resort. one of our big projects this winter is replacing the 60 yr old cedar shakes on the front of the community center which had large holes that could capture embers in a wildfire and burn down the building. next year it will have a new face and be much more "fire safe". we just got a few inches of snow and the resort looks like a winter wonderland. we are shoveling out and thinking of seeing all our trinity families this summer.
have a great winter! see you next summer!
~ margo
  

























trinity alps resort • 1750 trinity alps road • trinity center, ca 96091 • 530.286.2205a division of mountain resorts inc.
site design by jason toutolmin, a trinity guest since 1976!









