


orgone energy :: orgone pyramids, cloudbuster, chembuster, pendant, orgone jewelry, zappers, jewellery, orgone accumulator, generator, blankets, orgonite, research & experiments. pyramids with monatomic gold, silver, copper,amethyst and quartz. pendant,hhg,cam tech biofeedback,iodine

















 





 









 
 
home  |  contact  |  links   |  blog








 






 
products


xcalibur age reversal machine


orgone 
            nexus zapper


mono-atomic gold


orgone 
            pyramid


orgone 
            cone


orgone chips

orgone 
            chembuster


mini 
            chembuster


orgone 
            small healing disc


large orgone healing disc

orgone 
            cellphone guard


platinum matrix cellphone shield


organic sulfur


g5 organic silica


bio-active iodine


xcalibur 
            colloidal silver


astragalus telomerase activator



miracle miles synchronicity generator 


ascension energy: bio-resonance therapy



age reversal t shirts


money making 
            programs



 



the 
        center for disease control recently discovered the average american has 
        two pounds of parasites (around 300 different species). why not unload 
        these passengers?






subscribe to our mailing list








"parasites and viruses are the source 
        of most disease."
        — dr. hulda clark     
the 
        orgone 
        nexus zapper destroys parasites throughout the body!
        ( viruses, bacteria, worms, yeast, fungi, etc.) 
orgone is the universal 
        life force, the basic building block of all organic and inorganic matter 
        on the material planet. coined by dr. wilhelm reich, orgone has been called 
        by the great mystics and philosophers; chi, prana or simply the force. 
        dr. reich, an austrian scientist, philosopher and psychoanalyst; developed 
        a technology to tap into the cosmic orgone sea to provide a continuous 
        stream of life-force energy. 

        the possible uses for this device are only limited by your imagination. 
        for less than the cost of a doctor’s visit, you could have in your 
        hands, a device that could lead to the end of all disease. reported to 
        heal cancer, aids, not to mention a few more mundane illnesses like allergies, 
        asthma, chronic fatigue and candida. why have i not heard orgone? money 
        and power pure and simple, the ama scared of losing it’s monopoly 
        on medicine ($$$$), conducted a witchhunt which ultimately led to dr. 
        reich's death in jail for this cutting edge technology.

meditation   video using the xcalibur magnetic field generator with an age reversal   subliminal. the xcalibur machine is based on the dotto ring a suppressed   anti aging device from the 1980's. dotto after studying the hunza   valley believed it was the enhanced gravity field of the area that   caused the life extension anomalies found in the hunza tribe. there are   reports of individuals living over 150 years..
this machine replicates the dotto frequencies of 1.9-2.1mhz with a   magnetic field of over 120 gauss. dotto claimed that his device will   extend the telomeres, the aging clock of the cells. we are in the very   early stages of testing. this machine will be included in the suite of   radionic technologies found at the ascensionenergyprogram.com 



click here for 
            japanese version 


 
 
articles on orgone 
        and related therapies.
 





 kevin - owner orgoneproducts.org







 
 
 
 




       copyright © 2017       orgoneproducts.org | contact        us | energy healing | cloudbuster | zapper | web design services | neuro cranial restructuring-nyc | nasal specific | 

