
















parkland, fl | official website









 















skip to main content























 















facebook








facebook










 
 












search







 
 



  
 















facebook










 
 














home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents






 
 
 


    government      departments      how do i?      public records      staff directory  


 

 

 



 





 
 
 



 














development services








report a concern










 
 














notifications








agendas & minutes










 
 
 




















  
 
 







city highlights







view the city calendar here
 




visit the city of parkland library
 




visit the building department
 






  
 
 









city news










city meetings 


the city commission meetings are held in-person in the commission chamber at city hall and can be viewed via livestream. advisory board meetings can also be viewed here.			read on...







legal notices 


view the city’s legal notices for city business on the broward county publicly accessible website.						read on...







major road improvements coming to pine tree estates 


in 2025, the city of parkland will oversee a project to rehabilitate the roadways in the pine tree estates community.			read on...







interactive and static maps 


the city’s interactive maps are a click away. learn about projects taking place in the city and the historical portals that are located throughout the city.			read on...







the city of parkland's premier commercial property 


the site represents a unique and rare opportunity to establish an upscale complement to the western portion of parkland. the chosen developer will work closely with the city of parkland to ensure all approvals and adherence to density requirements.			read on...







city of parkland traffic impact 


stay up-to-date with significant impacts to traffic within the city of parkland (city). entries on this page are known to the city and planned, this page does not include traffic impacts that result from traffic accidents or unexpected occurrences.						read on...







stay connected with parkland 


receive accurate and timely information regarding the city of parkland issues, programs, and events by following us on our social media channels which include facebook, twitter, instagram, nextdoor, youtube, and the city’s weekly e-blast.			read on...







autism-friendly city facility resources 


the city of parkland provides sensory maps and social scripts for individuals on the autism spectrum to help them prepare for their visit to our city facilities.			read on...







 



/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 









 















 






  
 













6600 university drive          parkland, fl 33067           phone number:  954.753.5040
 






  
 













home







site map







contact us







accessibility







copyright notices







privacy policy







government websites by civicplus®









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 
















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









