






bluechip infotech | it distributor australia & nz wide


































































 

















 
 









aboutsolutionsbusiness applicationsbusiness continuity & disaster recoverycomputers, servers & hardwaredata managementiotit management & operationsmsp applicationsnetworking infrastucture & wifisecuritystoragesurveillance – electronic securityunified communications & collaborationuninterruptible power supply (ups)servicespresales & solution architecturetraining & enablementvendorsblogsnewscontactonline storebshopbmarketblog
online store





 
hero sliderhelping your business growwe provide turnkey solutions from consulting, procuring, training and right down to deployment of a project. this allows us to support and contribute to our resellers growth.
partner with usbluechip it esi newsbluechip itelectronic security portfolioexpand your security portfolio with bluechip infotech.
learn morebluechip ucbluechip itunified communicationsexpand your communications portfolio with bluechip infotech.
learn moremsp landing pagebluechip msp portfolioempowering msps expand their business.
learn morehardwarehardwareaustralia's leading brands distributor in the latest hardware and technology.
learn moresolutionssolutionsdiscover endless specialist solutions with innovative products and designs.
learn more 



why bluechip
bluechip thrives with solutions and technology in australia & new zealand, providing leading business solutions for our value-added resellers, managed service providers, integrators and consultants.
our customers need end-to-end solutions for their network, security and cloud services to achieve their transformation goals. bluechip’s commitment is to create value for our partners and their customers by focusing on business outcomes delivered by technology through this journey.
learn moreleading innovative solutions
established in 2000, bluechip infotech focuses on delivering the latest it products to a wide channel base while maintaining a dedicated commitment to first-class service. with offices across australia and new zealand, we’re able to back our commitment to service through localised support.
show moreshow lessabout bluechip it

supporting our people & partners
bluechip invests in its people and their education. you have the leverage to staff from various backgrounds who can support your business with their diverse blend of industry skills and experience.
education and communication have powered us to stay ahead of the technology spectrum and keep our partners and people up to date delivering the best of solutions and services.
coupling these traits keep bluechip it a step ahead in supporting all our it reseller and msp’s to achieve and win business by providing them not only a solution but a gateway to untapped possibilities.
show moreshow lesslearn morehelping your business grow
forming optimal strategies and collaborating with more than 50 major technology vendors enables bluechip it to offer our channel partners the best-in-class products, solutions, and services.
our partnered vendors are industry leaders when it comes to it hardware, software, telephony and electronic security solutions.
our value-added product management team has extensive vendor expertise, which provides turnkey solutions from consulting, procuring, training, and right down to deployment of a project. this allows us to support and contribute to our resellers to succeed.
show moreshow lesscontact bluechip itfinancesupportlogisticserviceslocationspartner with
the best
with four decades of experience, bluechip it is trusted by over 5,000 reseller partners across australia & new zealand. the key to our success is our focus on establishing and developing strong, long-term relationships that help our partners accelerate their growth and deliver superior technology solutions to their customers.
partner with bluechip it
vendors



















































































– break –








































































– break –






















































– break –

































– break –






















delivering you innovative solutions
bluechip it’s partnership gives you access to leading technology brands coupled with supported services to help you execute your projects on hand.
discover our vendorsbecome a reseller



contact usphone: 1300 72 74 74email: cair@bluechipit.com.auinformationvendorsabout uscontact usprivacy policycorporate responsibilitybluechip commercebecome a reselleronline storebluechip marketplaceterms & conditionsbluechip online storeportal home pagepay my billpromotionsnewseventsfollow us on social networks
facebookyoutubexlinkedin© 2025 bluechip infotech pty ltd, all rights reserved.

 menu



 













 


