









mackinaw shuttle service







































































skip to content






 

mackinaw shuttle

shuttle transportation to mackinaw city, and surrounding areas.


 


home
get a quote
book your reservation
weddings & events
excursions
resources
contact





 






search for:








 



 








search for:









 
 
home
get a quote
book your reservation
weddings & events
excursions
resources
contact




 
 
 
 
 
 
















welcome to 



mackinaw shuttle 










get a quote for transportation  services














book reservations for transportation services














get a quote for your wedding or special event










about us
































rent a bus for any occasion 



your ideal transportation solution 















 




weddings 



bridal party or the whole family 



our buses are the ideal transportation solution for large parties. you can count on a friendly driver, safe travels, & a night to remember. 








 




beer & wine excursions 



safe, fun & convenientlet us do the driving 



the key to fully enjoying the beer & wine northern michigan has to offer is safe & entertaining transportation. we can take you there. 








 




teams & groups 



sporting events or  family reunions 



our buses add an exciting energy to any group outing. get the party started on a bus that will comfortably seat the whole team. 








 




mackinac island visitors 



shuttle service to and from mackinac island 



let us help you get to and from your favorite vacation destination – mackinac island! we feature drop off and pickup from pellston airport to shepler’s or arnold mackinac island ferry, or directly to the hotel of your choice in beautiful mackinaw city! 















why choose mackinaw shuttle? 



quality service is our #1 

















 




							reliability						


						we show up when you need us, day or night, rain or shine, weekday or weekend. our vehicles have 99% up time so you never have to worry about being stranded.					













 




							the perfect fit for your schedule 						


						let us know where and when and forget the rest. we will get you where you need to be in style and comfort.					













 




							shuttles move more then just people						


						we have plenty of room to move all of your luggage for a weekend trip or a summer long vacation.					













 




							big or small, you will all fit						


						whether it is just you or the whole wedding party we have a vehicle that is the right size your next trip.					


















more about us 

















2003







year established 










0
+






miles driven!! 










0
+






weddings and special events 















testimonials 



hear what they have to say about us! 










						our guardian angel- thank you so much for helping us with our luggage last week. you were such a kind and helpful friend during our crazy, crazy travel day. your phone calls were so encouraging and so wonderful! with so much appreciation					


kim & scott blauvelt 






						there are no words that can thank you enough for all of your help with our luggage. you helped turn a very upsetting event into a pleasant experience. your kindness will never be forgotten! thank you again for rescuing our vacation!					









						…our driver was exceptional! you were also kind enough to hold on to and return a lost pair of sunglasses to us. we will be recommending you to others in the future! 					


pat & melissa mcguiness 






						we think mackinaw shuttle is the best, and we can tell you and all of your employees really care.					


clark e. brown 




 

 















our partners 



awesome companies to help you 












 

 

 













let us help you 



we offer competitive rates for all events and party sizes 






get a quote

























 
 
 





 
make mackinaw shuttle your first choice for transportation. our mission is to provide our guests with clean, safe, and reliable transportation. your safety is the top priority of the professionals of mackinaw shuttle. we are fully licensed and insured.

 

contact information  231-539-7005
 pellston regional airport
1395 us-31 hwy.
pellston, mi. 49769
  reservations@mackinawshuttle.com 

 

proud member of: 
mackinac island tourism bureau
mackinaw city chamber of commerce
petoskey regional chamber of commerce


 
 






copyright © 2025 mackinaw shuttle
 
 
 
 



 scroll to top






















