




welcome to the spirit of life boutique - spirit of life boutique

























 
 


shopping cart



 home

categories 

all breast prostheses (20)all partial breast prostheses  (8)compression garments (4)mastectomy basic bras (8)mastectomy fashion bras (44)mastectomy leisure wear (7)mastectomy swimwear (27)post operative bras (3)turbans & scarves (9) 


brands 

amoena (95)anita care (26)spirit of life (9) 


education 

breast prosthesis in your town?symmetry matters.just been diagnosed?northern rivers district of nswon the roadplanning your visit to spirit of liferesourcesbreast form sizing charttestimonials 

about useducational movies blog
contact














×





                    there is life and lingerie after breast surgery!
call us on +61 (7) 3511 4222




categories


all breast prostheses (20)all partial breast prostheses  (8)compression garments (4)mastectomy basic bras (8)mastectomy fashion bras (44)mastectomy leisure wear (7)mastectomy swimwear (27)post operative bras (3)turbans & scarves (9) 

brands


amoena (95)anita care (26)spirit of life (9) 


there is life and lingerie after breast surgery!
welcome to the spirit of life boutique. we make it even easier to buy something you like with our online store and our clayfield boutique,
    where you can try things on to make sure everything fits.  
who we are
we are a mastectomy lingerie shop that specializes in mastectomy lingerie, swimwear, breast prostheses and bras – and we have
    one of the largest selections in australia. that’s possible for us because caring for women after breast
    surgery is all we do at spirit of life. debra had some  more rural breast care nurses come for a visit.see and hear debra detailing some of her mastectomy swimsuits.
our professionalism and expertise are recognized across the healthcare community. breast care nurses, surgeons, oncologists, and department stores frequently refer women to us. debra, our lead fitter, is australia's most experienced and respected breast prosthesis specialist. she has fitted over 15,000 prostheses in her 22 year career in the industry as of date and has supplied over 55,000 items, including millions of dollars worth of mastectomy products. we must be doing something right!discover our boutiquelocated on sandgate road in clayfield, brisbane, our boutique offers a unique shopping experience worth the visit. here, you can explore our fashion collections, feel the quality of the materials, try on the garments, and receive expert advice.
 (see
        plan your visit)
for the breast care nurses.(if you are a breast care nurse, this video is for you.) (narrated by brisbane media personality, greg cary.)  or our brochure just for you is here. another video here about our staff.
ladies know us and come backyes, we are popular – women fly in from overseas and all over australia to shop at the boutique. don't just take our word for it read what our customers
        say and hear what our customers say!
our
        name is even mentioned in the parliament of australia highlighting our impact and reputation.
australian medicare card a $400 government rebate is available on most prostheses for holders of an australian medicare card.
australian customers with a medicare
        card can now claim their breast prostheses on medicare,
        and a replacement every two years – and they offer excellent rebates.  medicare claim form here! we are also an authorised supplier for the department of veterans' affairs.so you are a new zealand citizen? awesome. we just love our kiwi cousins visiting us in the shop, and we see them every week. you can buy from us in the shop or online and then claim from the new zealand ministry of health. details here. 
can’t visit – shop online
we're pleased that you’ve come to the spirit of life boutique, which some of our customers call the best lingerie shop in the world for women who have had breast surgery.  you see, experience is everything.  while visiting the boutique is a wonderful experience, we do know that not everyone can, so we
        offer our full range online –
    plus free shipping within australia on orders over $149. please
        have a look
        around, and if you have questions, ask us. we’re here to help you get it right. 
you will benefit from our many years experience. as we said before, experience isn't everything, experience is the only thing.
you’re welcome to call debra, helen or ann on (07) 3511 4222 for more information.
boutique hours
monday to friday: 9am to 4pm
        saturday mornings by appointment
"i believe that women who have been through the anguish of breast cancer should have the
        widest possible choice
        in breast care fashion products. i'm proud that our spirit of life boutique is
        able to offer the
        widest range of these products in australia."
debra taylor 
visit debra's blog for more great information: "post
        mastectomy products and services"  or visit "conversations with julie." to hear debra being interviewed about the boutique.

latest video

debra talks prostheses









                © 2003 - 2025 all rights reserved

                
spirit of life boutique

682 sandgate road,
                        clayfield
4011
opening hours: monday to friday: 9am - 4pm. saturdays by appointment. please ring to check.
phone: +61 (7) 3511 4222 |
                        fax: +61 (7) 3511 4244 |
                        email: info@spiritoflifeboutique.com






                rev: 2.2023.8.21.b50e628 | build date: 21/08/2023 6:33:37 am
            






