ï»¿
  




 plumbers near syracuse ny | peterson plumbing and heating 













  contact us online 


  call now 








  



 

 24/7 on time, any time 315-428-0508  









  toggle navigation   menu  




 about us 


 commercial 


 residential 


 photos 


 contact us 








 residential & commercial plumbing services 



24/7 emergency service


registered journeyman plumbers



 contact us today 










 commercial services 

we will make sure your business is protected and up to code.


 learn more... 





 residential services 

service you can trust to get the job done and done right.


 learn more... 








 peterson plumbing and heating 



quality work backed by honest business principles and integrity best describes the business model of peterson plumbing & heating.â  we serve onondaga county, and also work in oswego, oneida, madison, and cortland county as well.â  you may see trucks working hard as far north as watertown and east in utica. no distance is too great to ensure quality plumbing service to central new york.â  we are locally owned and operated; we are not a franchise or a company owned by some conglomerate. if you need plumbing, heating or sewer and drain cleaning service, give us a call.

more about peterson plumbing & heating

















what to do if your water heater leaks:


turn off cold water inlet valve.
turn off gas supply if a gas water heater.
turn off power supply if electric water heater.
attach a hose to the drain valve and drain tank, may need to open hot side of faucet to break vacuum.










when plumbing needs arise at your home or business, it's hard to find a service provider you can trust to get the job done and done right.

   24/7 on time, any time 315-428-0508  


 contact us online 















peterson plumbing and heating inc.
203 luther ave.
liverpool, ny 13088

                                    tel:
                                    315-428-0508














   













                            © 2022
                            peterson plumbing and heating inc.
                        



website managed by functionone








