 







jet corp world wide 























toggle navigation




jet management corp.



 home
 services
about us
 contact











intelligent charter sales
increasing charter profitability by 45%





                        
we are a supplemental charter company offering our aircraft to industry operators. our aircraft provide lift for most of the block time and charter brokers you work with, as well as for operators seeking to offer additional aircraft to their clients.

we utilize our proprietary "carnivore" software to process all charter requests from industry professionals. please note that we do not deal directly with the public regarding charters.

individuals or corporations interested in acquiring an aircraft for investment purposes may contact us using the form below.














what we do
we connect the dots for you



carnivore


carnivore is our advanced charter yield management software that optimizes operations for our aircraft owners and investors. it seamlessly connects one-way legs to create round-trip journeys, maximizing aircraft utilization, enhancing profitability, and ensuring efficient, streamlined charter operations.







investments


investing with jet management corp offers the option to secure your investment with with a full aircraft or a portion of one, ensuring consistent charter revenue. this opportunity allows you to earn reliable income while leveraging our operational expertise and proven success in the charter industry.  







simple jet ownership

our aim is to simplify jet ownership by providing a seamless process of selecting, acquiring, and maintaining your private aircraft. we offer expert guidance and comprehensive services to minimize complexities, ensuring a hassle-free experience. with us, you can enjoy the benefits of private jet ownership without the usual administrative burdens, making your journey into the world of aviation as effortless as possible.












behind the scenes
who we are



 

bassam al-sarraj, ceo
before founding jet management corp. in 2013, bassam founded swift jet in 2007 (sold 2012) and easy air share in 2005 (sold
2007). prior to that bassam created ‘rich guy magazine, a luxury lifestyle publication, operated several websites during the dot com era, being a part of canada’s first online concert and developing web-based television programming in late 90's early 2000's.






ilia tchekhovskoi, president

ilia has been with jet management corp since 2014, beginning as a junior first officer, and has progressed to become a lead captain on the citation x. ilia’s combination of hands-on experience and academic
training has given him a thorough understanding of aviation operations and management.

ilia earned an aviation management diploma from the iata institute and completed an avmp (aviation management professional) program at stanford university.





while we are not a part 135 operator ourselves, we have strategically invested in numerous operators across the usa and own aircraft specifically used for charter. this allows us to provide a wide range of charter solutions, leveraging our network and fleet to deliver exceptional service to our clients.



jetowner@jet-corp.com












contact us



worldwide operations
  usa | canada | uae 
jetowner@jet-corp.com

















