



 triple m housing
































dealer portal



about us


models

alberta
saskatchewan
manitoba
british columbia

bc - peace river region
bc - northern bc
bc - east & central kootenay
bc - west kootenay
bc - thompson/okanagan
bc - lower mainland
bc - island


northwest territories
yukon
alaska




our process


sales centres

all sales centres
british columbia
alberta
saskatchewan
manitoba
territories



contact us












innovators in factory-built homes
learn about our process


 






committed to customer satisfaction about us
for decades, triple m housing ltd has sought to lead the factory-built housing industry in innovation, customization, and satisfaction, while simultaneously maintaining our distinctly canadian core. through our deliberate and steady growth, we have ensured that triple m housing has remained 100% canadian owned and operated.
learn more about us



showhomes take a virtual tour




the homestead




skye view







state-of-the-artproduction facilities
for over thirty years, triple m housing has been building high quality, energy-efficient modular homes. with increasing environmental concerns and energy costs on the rise, we always aim to make our homes highly efficient by reducing material wastage during construction and ensuring they are built as energy efficient as possible. our unique building method allows customization while staying on budget, on schedule and to the highest building standards. manufactured in a protected, state-of-the-art environment using only top-quality construction materials and skilled trades, we know our homes will stand the test of time. all homes are individually designed to meet all necessary codes and standards and are inspected at numerous points throughout the building process. all these features ensure the final product is built to last and is exactly how you envisioned.
learn more about our process


 




modular construction a better way to build



40%
less time to build



70%
less waste



52%
of waste is recycled



43%
less co2 emissions






the industry's most comprehensive 20 year warranty
triple m housing is pleased to offer the industry’s first and only 20-year warranty. we ensure the products we use are held to the highest standards. we are proud to use quality products and superior methods that offer our customers peace of mind in their largest lifetime purchase.











state-of-the-artproduction facility
triple m housing is pleased to offer the industry’s first and only 20-year warranty. we ensure the products we use are held to the highest standards. we are proud to use quality products and superior methods that offer our customers peace of mind in their largest lifetime purchase.


 






about us
models
our process
sales centres
contact us






© copyright 2025 triple m housing  |  site by fresh







