

interfaith marriage rabbi's, ketubah, interfaith marriage counseling for jews rabbinic center






  




















 



welcome to the  rabbinic
    center for research and counseling.
founded in 1970, the rabbinic center for research and
    counseling is:

 first organization established to promote research on intermarriage and
        to serve the needs of intermarrying and intermarried couples. 


 it is still the
        only national or international organization that advocates and encourages rabbinic officiation at intermarriage ceremonies.
      

the rabbinic center
      provides:

 a list of rabbis who officiate at intermarriages, 
conducts and promotes research
        on intermarriage, 
offers premarital and marital therapy for intermarried couples and their
        families, 
and presents a variety of programs specifically geared to the needs of
        intermarried couples.  

our most popular programs are the:
workshop
      on raising children in the intermarried home
 sabbath
      couples group
the
      rabbinic center also serves as an outpatient mental health facility for area residents.
       
a multi-disciplinary staff of licensed mental health practitioners provide ongoing
        individual and group psychotherapy, as well as marriage and family therapy, on a sliding
      fee scale. 
rabbi irwin h. fishbein, d. min.
    director 
 
 



rabbi
            receives award for promoting interfaith
            understanding
the
            dovetail institute for interfaith family resources honored rabbi dr.
            irwin h. fishbein with the: 

            father dan montalbano award for promoting
            interfaith understanding

at its annual conference. rabbi allen secher, who presented the award, lauded rabbi
            fishbein as “the great pioneer” who established an organization to
            serve the needs of interfaith couples when no other resources were
            available to them. click here for a summary of
              rabbi fishbein’s response at the award ceremony.

the
          interfaith ketubah 
the ketubah,
        or hebrew marriage contract, has been a tradition since ancient times. 
        now, for the first time, a ketubah is available especially suited for interfaith
        couples. 
click here for details.


articles addressing intermarriage have been added to resources
        -- available now for download.

telephone
908-233-0419
e-mail:
ihf@rcrconline.org













 









the rabbinic center for research and
          counseling  
telephone:  908-233-0419
          a private, non-profit organization dedicated to promoting research on intermarriage,
          counseling intermarried couples and serving as a mental health facility for area
          residents.  









email the rabbinic center:
            rabbi irwin h. fishbein, d.min, director, at 
ihf@rcrconline.org







copyright ©  2013 rabbinic center for
        research and counseling
        last modified: february 28, 2013







