







home - teltech group







































































































skip to content


 

home
what we do
who we are
who we serve

public & private sector
tribal nations & rural communities


strategic alliances
news
careers
contact us
 











 











 

 







 







 







 







 



 



 











click here to start your next project 
now with the towermap™ tool! 




 





 












simply smarter
 



 







for more than 25 years, industry leaders have trusted teltech group to solve their logistics and network asset management challenges. that experience has led to smarter solutions that take their businesses to the next level. whether forward/reverse logistics, network integration services, broadband network deployment, new and used equipment sales, talent resourcing, or technology solutions, let us show you how teltech can take your most complex projects from start-to-finish! 






learn more



























 








inventory accuracy   average in 2023 
>
0
%











on-time delivery  performance 2023 

0
%











years no lost time accidents 
>
10






















learn more















tier-one carrier 



reverse logistics & asset management for 40k+ cell sites 












capex cost avoidance via reuse 
$
0
m+











gained from  resale & recycling 
$
0
m+










 














learn more























 





 


 


 











teltech on the move 




























 





	achieving net zero


		since our founding in 1999, teltech group has worked diligently to become a more sustainable...	













 





	teltech group enters distribution agreement with dzs


		flower mound, tx (october 2, 2024)  teltech group is excited to announce a new distribution...	













 





wind talker innovations announces hardware reseller agreement with teltech group for sales of wavesight networking solutions in the us.


		wind talker innovations is pleased to announce a new reseller relationship with teltech group for...	





















association memberships 











 






































































 





tell us more about your needs 
and one of our expert team members 
will contact you. 

click here to start the conversation 


 


 








 










 







 








 








follow us:       







what we doteltech synergysupply chain solutionstalent resourcinglogistics solutionsnetwork integration servicestechnology solutionsequipment sales solutionsbroadband network deployment 







who we areour historyvisionour valuesour peopleteltech ims policycertifications 







who we servepublic & private sectortribal nations & rural communities 







strategic alliancesnewscareerssuccess storiescontact uslocationsfaqtransparency in coverage 






 


















>

	






































ben ealey
chief technical officer
ben ealey is the chief technical officer at teltech group, where he drives innovation and shapes the company’s technology strategy to align with industry needs. a member of the executive leadership team, ben oversees technology initiatives that support the company’s growth and diversification across business verticals.
previously, ben co-founded and led a technology firm that formed key partnerships with social media and satellite companies, advancing technology in rural, tribal, and emerging markets. his efforts helped expand the firm’s reach in the u.s. and internationally, earning it awards such as the ongo alliance sled award and the small cell forum’s outstanding innovation in small cell business case.
with 32 years of experience in the wireless industry, ben has held leadership roles at mccaw communications, cellular one, at&t wireless, sprint pcs, and cricket communications. he notably led the transformation of ada county public safety, improving 911 services for over 400,000 citizens. outside of work, ben is committed to community service and supports organizations like world vision.



			close			








todd womack
vice president, network integration services
as the leader of network integration services, todd womack oversees the growth and expansion of teltech’s pre-deployment staging services.  offerings include rack and stack, integration, and migrations supporting wireless, wireline, and ip/optical networks.  he is based at teltech’s flower mound, tx warehouse location.
prior to joining teltech, todd worked with cellsite solutions as executive vice president of fixed network services. prior to cellsite, todd was with kmm telecommunications where he built their company’s fixed network services division from the ground up serving as vice president.
todd has more than 25 years of combined experience in central office (co), mobile telephone switching office (mtso), outside plant (osp), data centers, cell site construction, quality, and engineering. starting his career as a level 1 field tech then working his way to general manager and executive vice president, he has dedicated his career to the thorough understanding of the telecom industry and doing business in it.



			close			








todd womack
vice president, network integration services
as the leader of network integration services, todd womack oversees the growth and expansion of teltech’s pre-deployment staging services.  offerings include rack and stack, integration, and migrations supporting wireless, wireline, and ip/optical networks.  he is based at teltech’s flower mound, tx warehouse location.
prior to joining teltech, todd worked with cellsite solutions as executive vice president of fixed network services. prior to cellsite, todd was with kmm telecommunications where he built their company’s fixed network services division from the ground up serving as vice president.
todd has more than 25 years of combined experience in central office (co), mobile telephone switching office (mtso), outside plant (osp), data centers, cell site construction, quality, and engineering. starting his career as a level 1 field tech then working his way to general manager and executive vice president, he has dedicated his career to the thorough understanding of the telecom industry and doing business in it.



			close			





				logistics solutions			


teltech group understands how important forward and reverse logistics is to maintaining a competitive advantage. with all of the steps involved in delivering a product to the customer, there is no room for error. tracking and documenting the location and status of any item whether it’s to be warehoused, shipped, destroyed, or recycled is made easy with teltech’s proprietary asset management technology, tam ®. tam is an app that clients can use in real time to monitor the status of their projects and products. records can be pulled to provide official evidence of a product’s state, something especially useful for disposal of secure data.







			close			








lisa hanlon-knight
executive chairman/ceo
lisa hanlon-knight, cherokee nation citizen, is the co-founder, executive chairman, and ceo of teltech communications, a trusted, nationwide solution provider within the telecommunications industry. since 1999, the organization has achieved numerous awards for quality, sustainability, wellness and safety, and was named supplier of the year by the dfw msdc. personally, lisa has been recognized for her business acumen and leadership with invitations to attend the tuck-wbenc executive education program and northwestern university’s kellogg school of management, was recently honored as a dallas woman in business by the dallas business journal and has been awarded outstanding executive at the regional hispanic contractors association’s luna awards in 2019.
lisa studied pre-med at the university of north carolina-greensboro and the university of colorado- boulder. she currently serves on the board of the connecting alaska consortium, serves as the vice president of the native american business association (naba), and is the co-founder of women for wounded warriors, a non-profit organization that provides resources, support, and employment opportunities for spouses, family members and caregivers for our american veterans.



			close			





				network integration services			


our network integration services help customers maximize their network investments through effective network planning and design, optimizing network infrastructure,enabling seamless interoperability of multi-vendor components, and ensuring a smooth and secure transition to next-
generation infrastructure. services include:

 commissioning, configuration & testing
 migrations
 pre-deployment staging
 cabinet integration/rack & stack
 kitting








			close			





				equipment sales solutions			


teltech is a leading provider of cutting-edge network technologies and solutions. we understand every network configuration is unique, so we offer a diverse range of products to meet your specific needs. contact us today at sales@teltech.com to explore our wide range of solutions and let teltech be your trusted partner in building a resilient and efficient network infrastructure.


click here to access equipment lists,
line card and catalogs
looking to consign your unused inventory or refurbished parts? teltech group’s expertise in the 5 r’s: reuse/redeploy, refurbish, resell and recycle, provides profitable solutions for valuing and processing your excess and over supply of parts and equipment. our clients have realized remarkable bottom-line results through this solution:

more than 142 million pounds of landfill avoidance
more than $750 million capex reduction
more than $55 million resale/recycling







			close			





				broadband network deployment			


teltech is focused on bringing 5g to underserved tribe lands and rural communities nationwide. with the help of our partners, we offer complete end-to-end network deployment services from planning to design to implementation. we provide state of the art equipment, fully warrantied, and with ongoing manufacturer support through our strategic alliances.

 feasibility/grant assistance
 network engineering
 deployment
 digital equity solutions
 training & education








			close			





				technology solutions			


technologies are constantly changing. they change how we do business, and in turn are changing us as individuals and as a society. teltech group has changed and evolved too, using the knowledge we’ve gained over the last twenty-five years to develop innovative custom solutions for clients in a myriad of industry sectors including telecom, supply chain, oil & gas, hospitality, ranching and local governments. we have also advanced teltech group’s core operations through technology, most recently incorporating iot tools in our warehouses for increased visibility.

 

tethered drone solution (xtd-120)

disaster response solutions
aerial surveillance
audits and emergency response
video, photography, monitoring and measurement capabilities

 
alternative power solutions

 custom solar designs & solutions
 batteries

 
iot technology

 tracking devices
 smart warehousing





 
mobile asset management tools: tam®
tam 2.0 automates and simplifies the process of equipment returns from the field for failure, excess, decommission or harvest scenarios and destruction or recycling while capturing critical data in real-time for compliance purposes. this is especially helpful to support rip and replace projects. best of all, it lets field crews focus on field activities versus the cumbersome logistics of returns.


			close			





				talent resourcing			


some clients face tight deadlines for deliverables. some have insufficient professional resources on-site and some may not have in-house resources to implement solutions. teltech group can provide the professional resources as well as the staffing plan/strategy for the entire life cycle of any project. powered by our experience and knowledge, you can trust teltech to deliver the best people to meet your needs.

 


civil engineering (incl rail)
cost/schedule engineer
 rf/network engineering
 rf drive testers
 it management
 logistics managers
 warehouse employees
 technical
 staffing support
 consulting support
 project management
 network construction management
 site acquisition management
 project coordination
 project accounting







			close			





				supply chain solutions			


teltech group offers full end-to-end/supply chain solutions and teams to support any complex forward or reverse logistics challenge with complete asset visibility. since 1999, teltech group has provided clients with best-in-class solutions and our skilled team continues to stay abreast of the latest best practices in asset management and logistics, specifically:

 


 procurement & inventory management
 order management – pick/pack/stage/ship
 kitting
 consignment
 recycle programs







			close			





				our history			


teltech communications was founded in 1999 with a keen focus on customer service and strong relationships. as a native-american/woman-owned business, the hard work, dedication, and perseverance it took to succeed came with no surprise. that identified core values which are still the heart of our company identity and have an active influence in our day-to-day operations and every business decision.
originally launched as teltech communications, a telecommunications equipment reseller working with industry leading broadband service companies, the business quickly evolved to include warehousing, asset management, forward and reverse logistics, professional resources and, most recently, “technology solutions,” which is our overarching way of saying, “whatever you need, we are up to the challenge!” our diverse team of industry veterans has the expertise to transform broadband networks, manage assets, implement new smarter technologies, and provide alternative cost-effective solutions. teltech group has 400,000 square feet of scalable warehouse space in multiple parts of the country and has proven again and again we are especially skilled at expanding or pulling back to fit our clients’ needs on the fly. we are committed to making a difference in the communities that we live and work. we are actively involved in a variety of initiatives that positively impact native american communities too. our subsidiary graywolves telecom, for example, is aimed at improving broadband connectivity in america’s tribal lands. teltech group has also focused on the need to provide high speed internet access to rural locations like rio blanco county.
our tethered drone solution has enabled temporary communications service in response to catastrophic damage caused by hurricanes in florida, louisiana, haiti and puerto rico. our main warehouses are iso 9001, iso 14001 and iso 45001 certified and we are dedicated to the highest standards of quality for both technology and customer service. while others talk about quality and environmental sustainability, teltech group lives it. our list of success stories is long, and our clients eagerly provide testimonials to support them.
 


 success stories

contact us to learn how we can help you solve your business’ challenges! 
3pl forward & reverse logistics/warehousing solutions, including smart warehouse technology
asset management solutions, including reuse/redeploy, refurbish, resell and recycle
affordable new, consigned, and refurbished parts and equipment
talent resourcing to implement solutions
custom and innovative technology solutions including teltech’s proprietary tethered drone

 


			close			








john mcilveen
senior vice president of operations
john began his teltech career in 2002. he was part of the teltech growth phase that began with the lease of a 2,000-sq. ft. warehouse in colorado. by 2012, under john’s direction, teltech added an additional 180,000 sq. ft. for forward logistics, refurbishment and recycling activities.
prior to joining teltech group, john spent 10 years with bombardier, a snow grooming company. he was their district sales manager, covering colorado, arizona, new mexico and south dakota. in three years, he helped increase the division’s market share from 8 percent to 85 percent.



			close			








sadie neatherly
chief financial officer
sadie is the chief financial officer of teltech communications. she brings over 15 years of accounting and finance experience to teltech. as the cfo of teltech, she is responsible for the company’s financial functions and the strategic partner of the ceo.
sadie joined teltech in february of 2015 after relocating from lafayette, la. she started her career as an accountant in the healthcare industry. while working for the healthcare company, she was promoted to the director of accounting and finance. after six years in healthcare, she accepted a controller position for a company in the oil & gas industry. she worked in the oil & gas industry for five years before relocating to dallas.
sadie graduated from the university of louisiana at lafayette with a bs in finance. she went back to school and obtained her masters’ of business administration with an accounting concentration from the university of phoenix while working for the healthcare company.



			close			








fraser pajak
advisory board
fraser pajak is the former ceo of quest forum and coo of tia (telecommunications industry association), a global association of companies dedicated to impacting the quality and sustainability of products and services in the information and technology industry. fraser has over 30 years’ experience in the ict industry. previously, fraser was the vp of national service infrastructure support for telus communications where he directed a team of approximately 1200 of the most highly skilled technical people in canada. fraser’s team took care of incident management, escalation, resolution, root cause analysis, change management and service performance for the wireline, wireless, internet and tv networks and data centers across canada.



			close			








kim smith
director of marketing & communications
kim smith leads teltech’s marketing, communications, and public affairs efforts.  her 35+ years’ experience providing strategic and creative leadership to companies in a variety of industries globally is certain to take teltech’s already successful enterprise to new levels.  kim’s work has yielded some remarkable results.  during her tenure at abc radio networks, she achieved the first-ever interview with a us president, bill clinton, by a radio personality, urban radio legend tom joyner, aboard airforce one.  she also orchestrated the first live radio exchange between nationally syndicated radio hosts from different networks–howard stern, infinity and ted nugent, abc radio.   as national brand marketing director for cellular one group, she managed strategic brand campaigns over two years that took the cellular one brand from #4 to #2 just behind at&t in national unaided brand awareness surveys.  a graduate of baylor university with a bfa in communication design, kim has lived and worked in dallas her entire career and paints in her free time.



			close			








lisa bellinger
director of human resources
lisa bellinger is teltech’s director of human resources, joining the company in 2018. she brings over 35 years of experience in human resources. lisa started her career at a quasi governmental agency in boston, massachusetts. she then served as the director of human resources for a premier international transducer manufacturer. while raising her children, she worked as a human resources consultant and then became a managing partner for many years in a women owned wholesale prepared food business in baltimore, maryland. after selling the business, lisa continued her human resources career at a financial investment company before joining teltech.
lisa received her b s from northeastern university in boston, massachusetts.



			close			








thomas pryor
senior sales director
senior sales director thomas pryor brings a solid sales background after spending 10 years as regional sales manager with perfectvision, starting a new division focused on the wisp industry which eventually sold more than $70m in wireless infrastructure products. he was recognized as top sales rep in 2016 and 2017 and achieved top sales region 4 years in a row. prior to that, thomas worked in j.b. hunt’s brokerage division. while there, he marketed the j.b. hunt brand, establishing and developing strong relationships with third party carriers and managing national accounts for walmart, target, and scotts.
thomas is a graduate of the university of arkansas and a member of the kappa sigma fraternity.



			close			








danny wade
chief operations officer
danny wade brings more than 35 years of telecommunications leadership and experience to teltech group. danny joined the company in 2010 and in his current position, he is responsible for the overall execution and performance of teltech’s operational activities.
prior to joining teltech, danny served as an industry consultant in the areas of supply chain, organization development, strategy, and business development.
from early 2007 through mid-2010, danny was president and chief operating officer for goodman networks and played a major role in goodman’s growth and success from a $100m company to a $500m company during that period. previously, he was group vice-president, operations, services & quality for alcatel north america.
danny is a senior member of the university of oklahoma industrial engineering advisory board. he holds a b.s. in industrial engineering from the university of oklahoma



			close			


 


homewhat we dowho we arewho we serve

public & private sector tribal nations & rural communities
strategic alliancesnewscareerscontact us










































