









diecast registry the #1 racing nascar diecast price guide diecast value guide












	diecast registry - the #1 racing nascar diecast price guide diecast value guide


 










the #1 diecast price guide 




the #1 diecast collection management website









 










table of contents














                         



diecast registry.net










                         



diecast registry.com










                         



contact us










                         



brookfield diecast terms










                         



nascar diecast 101










                         



diecast for sale










                         



diecast definitions










                         








 
 
 





 

diecast registry.net










 





nascar diecast registry editor's desk




our mission at diecast registry is to help you become a smarter diecast collector. the purpose of the diecast registry.net website is to provide complementary information to that found on diecastregistry.com. dedicated to the racing diecast hobby since 2003, diecast registry provides collectors with the best collection management tools available. additionally, the diecast registry diecast price guide is the most trusted and accurate racing diecast price guide. become a dcr member today and have more fun with our hobby!






 





diecast registry on twitter




diecast registry is now on twitter. to follow us, click on the twitter logo to the right, or search "diecast registry" within twitter. 
in addition to special diecast value price information, diecast registry will also provide diecast price guide update announcements, nascar race information, and nascar diecast price guide trend charts via twitter. 









 


 





diecast collections for sale



contact us with details about a collection you would like to sell, and we will post your contact info here.







30,000 piece vintage diecast collectionlocation: minneapolis, mnqty: ~  30,000 piecesprice: $tbdevery driver, scale, and mfg from the 80's to early 2000'smost in unopened boxes and casescontact: david nixon phone:   612-360-4044










 







1:24 earnhardt collection for salelocation: usearnhardt first run diecastcontact: luvracen















1:24 earnhardt and harvick collection for salelocation: uscontact: amy wheeler












 





diecast collections for sale



contact us with details about a collection you would like to sell, and we will post your contact info here.







1:43 brooklin collectionlocation: englandqty: >225 piecesprice: $tbdcontact: donald coetzee 















1:24/64 nascar collectionlocation: boise, idqty: >100 pieceslots of earnhardt diecastcontact: tori bell 















1990s nascar collectionlocation: usvarious manufacturerscontact: george perno















dale earnhardt jeff gordon diecast collection for salelocation: usqty: 31 piecesdale earnhardt & jeff gordon diecastcontact: mary ellen 












 


 
 
 
 
 








© 2003-2018 diecast registry. all rights reserved.










