ï»¿



olde harbour inn | boutique riverfront hotel in savannah ga |  voted best pet friendly hotel































































toggle navigation









call us today: (912) 234-4100


suites

add wine & welcome gifts


pet friendly
our amenities
packages
area guide

things to do
map & directions
directory


photos
gifts
about us

history
haunted
guest reviews
review us










book now

800.553.6533







×
book your stay




have a question?
800.553.6533















check in









check out








rooms



adults



children



submit button

check availability






























 


book now


map & directions


contact us


faqs


ada statement


historic inns of savannah










book now




















view guest comments 

















welcome to olde harbour inn
a savannah hotel with 24 spacious suites on river street
>> book now








a 2024 travelers' choice savannah hotel
savannah's favorite pet-friendly hotel on river street
 
>> book now








minutes away from plant riverside entertainment district and the eastern wharf
on savannah's river street
>> book now











savannah's best hotel


featured in travel + leisure, 2024
the best hotels in savannah
"olde harbour inn is a boutique hotel known for its blend of historical charm and modern amenities. housed in a converted 1812 warehouse, we love that this riverfront inn still has many of its original architectural features intact, such as exposed brick and beam ceilings, while offering modern comforts like spacious suites, wet bars, and complimentary wifi.
the inn is relaxed and welcoming, with unique touches like nightly wine and hors d'oeuvres and complimentary ice cream treats delivered to your room. with a haunted history involving tales of a friendly ghost named hank, it adds an element of intrigue for those interested in the area’s spooky lore."

                    book your stay
               






 






























stay on river street
location is everything when you book a hotel.  with olde harbour inn being right on the savannah river, you'll have the best of with city within easy reach!  you'll find savannah's cobblestone streets, canopies of moss-covered live oaks, and the busy waterfront right outside the door.    we're just a short walk to the new plant riverside entertainment district and the newly developed eastern wharf.

book your stay













 
"great location & parking!
we chose this hotel for the location and the parking availability. we had a two-bedroom suite which impressed all of us as soon as we walked into our suite! i especially loved our downstairs bedroom that had a window that looked out over a park and the river --- it was just amazing.the staff was awesome! they were all so knowledgeable, helpful and kind. i can't wait to stay here again!!"

tripadvisor guest review - 5/13/2024

check dates for your stay
 












special offers
4-night special
extend your stay to 4-nights, and explore savannah at 10% off your room rate.  plus, we'll greet you with a champagne welcome when you arrive!  book 4-nights
last minute special
spontaneous travelers often get the best rates!  check our rate calendar for same-day reservations and save on a spur-of-the-moment getaway!  check our calendar for offers








 
"loved this hotel!
clean, comfortable, spacious suite located on the river with free parking, outstanding service, wine and hors d'oeuvres every evening and walking distance to the attractions...now that's hard to beat!  thoroughly enjoyed our stay."

tripadvisor guest review - 4/29/2024

check dates for your stay
 












we're pet friendly!
if you're traveling with your dog, you're going to have so much fun here!  savannah's an especially dog-friendly city, and there are so many places your pup will be welcome.  here at olde harbour inn, they will love relaxing (and playing) inside our very large suites! 

book your pet's reservation
 





 
 
 



 
"great views!
great location for some of the best views of savannah georgia. perfect photo opportunities. scenic spots. historic area with shopping.  for food & drinks, there is amazing food right in the area. no need to move your car it’s all right within a scenic stroll down beautiful river street."
google guest review - 7/12/2024
check dates for your stay
 





 
 
 








amenities
- parking on factors walk, next to the hotel
- nightly wine and hors d'oeuvres reception
- ice-cream treats delivered to your room
- coffee, bottled water, and soft drinks in the lobby
- unlimited high-speed wi-fi
 








 
"charming hotel in the heart of it all
lovely suite, perfect for a family. our son loved the loft, and the overall space was big, clean, and nicely furnished - with water and ice cream waiting for us in the room. :) the staff was so consistently nice and helpful as well - they even hosted a happy hour which was fun. the location is a great base for exploring savannah and the views were amazing.."
tripadvisor guest review - 8/4/2024
check dates for your stay
 
 
 












 



book now


olde harbour inn
























olde harbour inn

508 east factors walk
savannah,
georgia
31401
united states


 phone: 
(912) 234-4100


 toll free: 
(800) 553-6533















 


sign up for our emails
get a free download of "planning your visit"
 signup to receive our email newsletters and special offers, and get access to our latest pdf guide book:  planning your upcoming visit to savannah, a 37-page e-book filled with suggestions from the concierges  of historic inns of savannah.






get your free guide



first name



last name



email
 

 

sign me up !







 




© the olde harbour inn


































view guest comments 










historic inns of savannah


olde harbour inn


eliza thompson house


the gastonian


the kehoe house


the marshall house


east bay inn












career opportunities















visit our facebook pagevisit our instagram pagevisit our pinterest page


hotel internet marketingbyvizergy




call us



location


book now



























career opportunities







home
suites
pet friendly
our amenities
packages
area guide
photos
gifts
about us
sitemap

















