















elm grove, wi - official website | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













 










   





 
 
 




    our community      departments      government      business resources      resident help center  


 

 

 

 

 

 













facebook
twitter






 
 













home
my account
printer friendly
email page
contact us
hear this page
rss
site map
translate page
notifications
documents
help






 
 



  
 












search







 
 
 




 














recreation








zoning / gis / data hub








agendas / minutes










 
 














stay informed








online payments, permits, and forms








community projects










 
 
 




























watch meetings live online



 
 
 









 
















 






  
 
 

 















2024 winter recreation guide
winter 2024 registration begins december 2nd for residents and december 6th for non-residents. click on the image above to view all the programs offered this winter! please contact recreation manager, logan kein, at recreation@elmgrovewi.org if you have any questions. 





sign-up for village e-newsletter
the village has implemented a monthly digital newsletter that in each edition will have up-to-date information on village projects, programs, news, events, and more! click the link to subscribe!





gis (geographic information system)
have you ever wondered what your house looks like from an aerial perspective? or what kind of tree is growing in the village right-of-way in front of your home? you can find answers to these questions by using the village gis mapping platform. click on the link below to being exploring the user friendly village gis system. once you land on the external gis portal page, click on the "map" icon to access the public map.





















  
 















 






  
 










comprehensive outdoor recreation plan public open house 

here is your opportunity to provide input on the future of the village’s parks and open space. participate in the public open house on thursday february 20th, from 5:00pm to 6:00pm.				read on...




winterfest 2025 

since january of 1955 the village has grown to what it is today. come celebrate 70 years of the grove and enjoy an afternoon with local civic groups, businesses and vendors. share stories of before and futures to come.		additional info...





view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 















our village has a wide range of cultural and recreational activities, 
along with community events all year long.




 






  
 











feb
17	


library board - cancelled




public safety committee - cancelled







feb
18	


building board - cancelled







feb
20	


2025 comprehensive outdoor recreation plan public open house 




board of trustees / recreation committee combined special meeting 







feb
22	


winterfest 







feb
24	


committee of the whole





view all




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 



 
















 






  
 













elmbrook humane society



egba official website



egba facebook page







wisconsin circuit court records



wisconsin circuit court access



village ordinances







consumer protection senior guide



organizational chart (pdf)



village map & directions







elm grove gis



waukesha county



state of wisconsin









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 














home







contact us







terms & conditions







legal notices







accessibility







site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



  
 
 














	13600 juneau boulevard       elm grove, wi 53122    phone: 262-782-6700
 






  
 
 



  
 
 














government websites by civicplus®

 






  
 
 















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close
















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









