



	indiana candle supplies



























home
about us
contact us
login
view cart / checkout

















* best sellers *25 lb quantity 5 lb quantityalphabetical listingbakery scentsfloral scentsfruit scentsics custom blendslinen spray basemisc. food scentsmisc. scentsphthalates freeseasonal scentsshipping - ups insuranceshipping - usps insurancethe coffee shopvariety packs™z - garage sale - z










candle making tipsphthalates factsscent descriptionstest - descriptions 2023








welcomewe make every attempt to keep all products in stock.  we can not guarantee their availability. out of stock items will not be back ordered. if any items are out of stock, we will attempt to contact you by e-mail. you will be given the option of choosing an alternate item or removing those items from your order.  if we do not hear from you before the end of the business day, your order will be shipped without those items and you will need to re-order them at a later date.
no invoices are sent with your order. you will receive an email invoice.  we are trying to cut down on waste by not sending duplicates via paper. if you are unable to print this for yourself, feel free to let us know, when you order, and we will be happy to include with your order.
please sample oils before ordering in large quantities.  scents are very subjective.  everything is not for everyone.ups shipping - there may be a delay in ups shipping out.  up to 3-4 days.  if you are in a hurry please choose usps.indiana candle makersplease email a copy of your resale certificate and your account will be updated to tax free. no orders will be shipped without tax until that is in our files.email us at indianacandlesup@gmail.com with any questions. please read shipping information below.email indianacandlesup@gmail.com with any questions or comments.
 












blackberry jam butter cookies  - 16oz

price: $20.95





quantity:  

 









lemon cheescake - 16oz

price: $19.95


quantity:  

 









spiced donut - 16oz

price: $8.00


quantity:  

 










ordering informationany claims made to scent throw are only based on our results. it is best to purchase in smaller quantities, to test for desirability and performance, in your application. we offer affordably priced samples, of our products, just for this purpose.  please sample oils before ordering in large quantities.  scents are very subjective.  everything is not for everyone.
terms - all orders must be pre-paid before shipping.
 
accepted payment methods -credit card: (mastercard, discover, or visa), paypal, no cod's, money orders or checks.
 
return policy -absolutely no returns on any products so please be sure and ask all questions prior to purchase and purchase a sample first.our oils are premium oils purchased directly from the manufacturers in bulk, repackaged and are sold by weight and not volume. fill levels will vary according to the oil weight as they are sold by weight not volume, unless other wise noted. margin of error is .1 oz. we calbrate our scales everyday before pouring. 
 
color of oil may vary from batch to batch but this has no bearing on scent.
 
none of our oils have any ingredients that osha requires listing under hazardous ingredients. we have sds, vanillan info and ifra sheets available upon request.  some oils will not be ifra compliant so i will not have ifra sheetson those as many are mixers and have not been evaluated.  this does not mean they are not safe to use.
 
it is solely the responsibility of the customer to evaluate, test and determine the fitness and suitability of the fragrances for use in the customer's product(s).







shipping information
usps shipping - all usps is now being sent with a confirmation number but uninsured. insurance is now available for purchase on our shopping cart(some flat rate packaging now has a limited amount of insurance with it.  i will happily file the claim and refund you when/if i get any money).  shipping is done solely at the risk of the purchaser. i have no way of tracking shipments and therefore cannot be held responsible for any damaged or missing shipments.  if i can ship your package for less than the method you chose, i will do so.  i will credit back the difference (over $3.00) but in the case where the refund is missed feel free to email me and inquire.  sometimes i fall behind.  if you are unable or unwilling to accept these risks please order using ups as your shipper if in the usa or purchase insurance.  we cannot be responsible for any damage, late deliveries or loss by the post office.  your purchase signifies your acceptance of the policies.ups shipping - all ups is now being sent with a tracking number but uninsured. insurance is now available for purchase on our shopping cart.  i will happily file the claim and refund you when/if i get any money).  shipping is done solely at the risk of the purchaser.  we cannot be responsible for any damage, late deliveries or loss by the post office.  your purchase signifies your acceptance of the policies.







us territory, off-shore & international shipping policy
due to the high cost of complying with eu gdpr we have discontinued all sales to the eu. 






any shortages, damage or errors must be reported within 5 days of receipt so please check accuracy (open bottles, smell, count) when order arrives not when you are ready to use. we may request a picture from you. all packages leave our warehouse in good condition. we have the right to choose whether we will credit you or send replacement goods.

 first aid procedures for fragrance oils
- keep out of children's reach.- inhalation: remove from the exposure to fresh air.- eye contact: flush immediately with clean water for at least 15 minutes. contact a physician if irritation persists.- skin contact: remove any contaminated clothing.  wash affected areas thoroughly with soap and water.  if irritation persists, contact a physician.- ingestion:  oils are not for consuption but if this happens  give water or milk to dilute. contact physician..













































					your cart is empty.












  

 
home about us contact us login view cart / checkout
© 2025  indiana candle supplies, all rights reserved.










