








a woman owned company

























                                home              
            




                                about              
            







                                who we are              
            




                                brief biography              
            




                                client comments              
            




                                contact us              
            








                                services              
            







                                consulting              
            




                                past projects              
            




                                concession manager training              
            








                                products              
            







                                software              
            




                                web design              
            




                                hawking buttons              
            




                                celebration buttons              
            




                                concession training dvd              
            








                                links              
            

 




























					consulting				

					let us take you from this to this!
										read more











					merriweather post pavilion				

					let us do this for you!										read more











					concession manager training				

					sign up for our 3 day course!										read more











					univ of california - berkeley				

					stand before and after we helped them!										read more











					university of utah				

					east end zone before and after!										read more











					r.i.t.				

					follow the link to learn more										read more











1
2
3
4
5
6

























   

   


update:
the next cmt 3-day course is yet to be determined.  click here for course details, or call (206) 853-5742 for more information.

consulting services
concession solutions doesn't believe in sticking with the antiquated 1960's mentality of "if you want to increase profits, just raise prices!" that still seems to be so popular amongst established consultants. concession solutions doesn't adhere to that philosophy for one very simple reason: it doesn't work. it actually decreases profits since customers will no longer buy your overpriced products.
instead you must manage the menu in order to maximize both sales speed and order size. nobody likes being the customer who, through no fault of their own, has everyone behind them thinking "just hurry up and get out of the way so i can get back to the game!" customers are willing to buy more products when the line is moving quickly simply because they are more relaxed and in a better mood. your menu must be fairly priced and balanced to maximize sales speed and order size while providing the customers with the products they want. 
concession solutions keeps this philosophy in mind while providing you with a variety of consulting services.

on-site evaluations
profitability analysis
product evaluation
request for proposal development
bid proposal development
facility design


concession solutions doesn't simply tell you what to do:concession solutions shows you how to do it!

 
 
  
















		© 2025 concession solutions, inc.all rights reserved.  info@concessionsolutions.com(206) 853-5742	




back to top







