








pearls of wisdom : spiritual inspirational quotes, wisdom & sayings for personal growth

















home     
contact    
 about     
guestbook















 




























 






welcome to pearls of wisdom








pearls of wisdom is the home of inspirational quotes  & wisdom sayings, prayers & affirmations and inspirational wisdom stories - spiritual quotes and inspirational song lyrics to uplift, heal & feed the soul for personal & spiritual growth, self empowerment, inner peace and global peace.
  covering diverse spiritual & pagan philosophies, including native american wisdom and  buddhist wisdom, pearls of wisdom aims to re-awaken your consciousness, remember your true inner power, and encourages and empowers women and men to be the best we can be, for ourselves and others.
  do some spiritual self-help  shopping and also learn about issues that affect your health. awaken to and assist with  global humanitarian, peace & environment issues.











quotes and stories to inspirea look inside this website...


wisdom quotes »collections of inspirational quotes to provoke thought & reflection at a soul level for personal & spiritual growth.
inspirations & affirmations »inspirational sayings, affirmations, prayers, stories, articles - alternative ways of thinking for a happier life.
empowering women »awakening women to their true powerand potential - helping to release the "warrior woman" within.


inspirational song lyrics »song lyrics & music quotes providinginsights & reflections on relationshipswith ourselves, others & our planet.
native american wisdom »sayings and quotes reflecting native american beliefs and philosophy -very applicable in today's times.
buddhist wisdom »sayings, quotes, wisdom, teachings
and philosphies of buddhism.


peace, activism, environment »issues related to world peace, humanitarianism & caring for theplanet. things you can do to help.
inspirational movies »spiritually oriented films to expandyour consciousness & inspire newways of thinking & being.
health  naturally »
  an alternative look at issues affecting
  our health.


soul shoppe »
  environmentally friendly products,
  gifts and services promoting health,
  inner & outer harmony.
holistic directory »
  directory of websites with inspiring
  philosophical, metaphysical and
  spiritual theme.
 





this site isn't just a collection of any old quotes simply for the sake of having quotes.
pearls of wisdom provides carefully selected spiritual quotes & sayings for wisdom and inner reflectionto help inspire, motivate and empower you on your life's path.
read feedback from readers about pearls of wisdom  »






tools to help you on your way
      recommended
      books, audios, videos & courses...








 are you in an abusive relationship? 
              learn how to free yourself!




 this unique breakthrough self-healing system allows you to make a full recovery, 
              without recurring long-term ongoing support or the label of being an 'abuse survivor' anymore.

 






the biology ofbeliefbruce lipton


(paperback)


breaking the habit of being yourselfjoe dispenza 

(paperback)


feeling fine affirmations
      louise hay

(cd, or digital download)


 create an exceptional life
louise hay, cheryl richardson

(online course)

 law of attraction 
      abraham teachingsesther & jerry hicks



(paperback)

 you can healyour life
      louise hay


(paperback)



 
 




















 follow your bliss.
              if youdo follow your bliss, you put yourself on a kind of track that has been thereall the while
              waiting for you, and the life youought to be living is the one youare living.  when you can see that, you begin to
              meet people who are in the field of your bliss, and they open the doors to you.i say, follow your bliss and
                dont be afraid... and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be. if you follow
              your bliss, doors will open for you that wouldn't have opened for anyone else.

~joseph campbell (1904-1987) ~











self empowerment, soul healing, awareness
    are you living the life you want?

learn how to be a conscious creator and re-shape your  life experiences.your thoughts create your reality, and you choose your thoughts. therefore, you have the power to create your own reality!if your life isn't working for you, change your thoughts and re-create your life (your reality) for more success & happiness!



watch the inspirational empowering teachings of abraham hicks below or via   inspirit wellness centre on youtube...
 

quotes on conscious creating...

gary zukav on conscious creating and authentic power
the law of attraction & manifesting
how your thoughts create your reality
beliefs & perception


articles & resources...


the science of peace & the power of prayer
empowering tools for self growth














 
 


...to touch is to heal,
to hurt is to steal,
if you wanna kiss the sky
better learn how to kneel,
...on your knees boy!

~ from "mysterious ways" by u2 ~


 
 


  our soul evolutionwho we are and why we are here...



who are we?
the first spiritual law of success is the law of pure potentiality.this law is based on the fact that we are, in our essential state, pure consciousness.pure consciousness is pure potentiality; it is the field of all possibilities and infinite creativity.pure consciousness is our spiritual essence. being infinite and unbounded, it is also pure joy.other attributes of consciousness are:pure knowledge, infinite silence, perfect balance, invincibility, simplicity, and bliss.this is our essential nature. our essential nature is one of pure potentiality.~deepak chopra ~






why are we here?
each of us is here to discover our true self…that essentially we are spiritual beingswho have taken manifestation in physical form…that we‘re not human beings that have occasional spiritual experiences…that we’re spiritual beings that have occasional human experiences.~deepak chopra ~






how do we do it?
your task is not to seek for love,but merely to seek and find all of the barriers within yourselfthat you have built against it.~ a course in miracles ~
you are given the gifts of the gods,you create your reality according to your beliefs.yours is the creative energy that makes your world.there are no limitations to the self except those youbelieve in. ~ seth (as channelled by jane roberts) in'the nature of personal reality, chap. 22, session 677' ~



 

 



religion or spiruality?
    one-ness is the goal - divinity is within everyone & everything



"there is no religion higher than truth."(from the sanskrit: "satyan nasti paro dharmah")~ theosophical society motto, founded by madame h p blavatsky (1831-91) ~
"the kingdom of heaven is not a place, but a state of mind."~ john burroughs, naturalist (1837-1921) ~




"for me, the different religionsare beautiful flowers from the same garden,  or they are branches of the same majestic tree.   therefore, they are equally true,     though being received and interpreted    through human instruments equally imperfect."  ~ mahatma gandhi ~



"humankind has not woven the web of life.   we are but one thread within it.    whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves.    all things are bound together.   all things connect."~ chief seattle, 1854 ~




"for the man who prays in his heart, the whole world is a church."~ sylvain of athos ~"if the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is "thank you", it will be enough."~ meister eckhart (1260-1328) german dominican mystic ~



 











 















site map











 







back   |  top




 online







home      
intro      
wisdom quotes      
inspirations   :   
native american wisdom      
buddhist wisdomempowering women      
peace pages   :   
health naturally      
soul shoppe      
inspirational song lyricsholistic directory      guestbook      
sitemap      
copyright      
privacy      
contact






 copyright © 2002- www.sapphyr.net   all rights reserved.







