




coogan's restaurant in washington heightscoogans


















































homeabout us

reviews


menu

brunch menu
wine menu


events

staff calendar


pictures

celebrities
past events


catering and delivery

box lunches
delivery lunch packages
party room
prix fixe menus


5krace
contact

map & directions








coogans












opentable
























drink specials












monday:
sunny wahi $6.00
tuesday:
sex on the beach $6.00
wednesday:
calypso sunrise $6.00 
thursday:
watermelon martini $6.00 |karaoke
friday & saturday:
cosmos $6.00 
sunday:
peach sangria $5.00 













map & directions












can't find us? click here.











hosting a party?












call our catering division.(212) 928.1234










follow us on



























wi-fi


































 
 



























coogan’s pay it forward community fund



coogan’s doors may be closed forever, but our hearts are wide open! we’re grateful for the opportunity to partner with facebook and united way of new york city on this fundraiser to help other small businesses, including non-profits, in our beloved washington heights and surrounding communities. you supported us in our time of need and we want to give back the love.
facebook will match up to the first $100,000 in donations, so please donate (here)whatever you can to help local small businesses. with 45% of them not expected to survive the next three months due to the covid-19 pandemic, small businesses need our support now more than ever.
come on, coogan’s family: spread the word and let’s max out facebook’s donation to the fund!
gracias, sláinte and thank you dave, tess and peter



2 comments »



















to our coogan’s family and friends…







april 21, 2020
to our coogan’s family and friends,
we need your help in saying farewell in a message that is so very difficult to write. what’s missing are your stories and wishes and even pics that will make whole the heart of our saying goodbye.
ironically, this past march 17t​ h​ would be the last time coogan’s closed its doors. we had hoped to open them again but sadly that it is not possible.
to all our coogan’s family that extends from a corner in new york’s washington heights to so many in near and distant places, we offer love and best wishes that you remain safe, strong and healthy for now and ever.
our first priority will be the security and future of our staff. we encourage our friends to contact us to help this quality group of the best possible people in talent, hard work and integrity to obtain jobs and employment. for over thirty five years we have given and received more than is usual in a working experience.
what was made at coogan’s were warm relationships, easy smiles and hearty laughter. if you came in a stranger, you immediately became a friend and left as an ‘old timer’. we were able to share a full glass of love with a large plate of honesty in a neighborhood full of the most wonderful people you could ever hope to meet.
at this time we are so proud of our friends and professionals at new york presbyterian hospital and columbia medical center who made coogan’s their home away from home. thank you for who you are and what you do. the world depends on you!
to many of us, coogan’s was a public house, a meeting place, a table to break bread and solve problems. we were a place of celebration and remembrance. we were a bar full of life…a place to listen and a place to talk. we were a place to leave behind the burdens of everyday life and, more often than not, inherit new ones when we volunteered to help a neighbor in need, a kid in search of himself, or a stranger down on his luck.
we were people of different races, creeds and ideas, all with the same dream to be secure and love. we were a place to find out you weren’t alone but if you wanted to be, your space was sacred. and together at coogan’s we became stronger and powerful, with an urge to share and offer ourselves with deeds that gave us, in return, the realization of life and the essence of beauty.
there are so many people we would want to mention for their consideration and friendship, especially during the past few months, but we hesitate for fear of omitting anyone. that will come later when our emotions are settled.
now it is your turn to complete our story…
sad and grateful,
gracias, sláinte and thank you




dave, tess and peter







no comments »



















closed until further notice



coogans will be closed until further notice. please keep up to date with our website and social channel for updated information.
thank you.



2 comments »



















welcome to coogan’s nyc
























 welcome to a cozy place where you feel right at home.
 at coogan’s you can enjoy a diverse food selection,
great entertainment, as well as the perfect spot
to celebrate your special events.
come and join us today!
click here for our menu 
………………………………………………………………………………………………………
chosen america’s favorite neighborhood restaurant, it’s excitement is it’s diversity!
actors, nurses, lawyers , cops, tons of runners (some of them olympian)
and writers who still enjoy a drink converge daily/nightly.
a pre-yankee game or pre united palace theatre concert meeting place
or maybe visiting columbia presbyterian hospital,
everything at coogan’s is unexpected.
           the size, the ambiance, the history, the quality of the food
& the eclectic menu selections.
this is a snapshot of nyc at its best!!


thank you to our staff for a job well done and 
                                     making us a grade “a” restaurant 
         again and again and again and again and again!! 10/05/2016


………………………………………………………………………………………………………
hablamos español – pregunte por
dania m zapata
(212) 928-1234
………………………………
hours of operation: 
restaurant is open everyday 11am – midnight 
bar is open everyday 11 am – 4am



 



















you never know who will be sitting next to you …



 






				javier muñoz
				




				lin manuel miranda
				




				john turturro
				




				lea delaria, orange is the new black’s big boo jan. 2015 
				




				dascha polanco, orange is the new black’s dayanara diaz   
				




				giants legend lawrence taylor 
				




				lea delaria, orange is the new black’s big boo sept 2014 
				




				jasmine guy
				




				mark messier, six-time stanley cup champion 
				




				donnie wahlberg
				




				nys  governor andrew m. cuomo
				




				aida turturro from the sopranos
				




				dr. oz
				




				dan hedaya, nick tortelli from cheers
				




				rafael vargas aka fulanito & edwin vargas 
				




				ron darling
				




				kevin jonas & moynihan
				




				kevin jonas
				




				alicia keys
				




				hillary clinton
				




				“bob” mcgrath from sesame street
				




				joseito mateo
				




				jose alberto “el canario”
				




				minimo rosario
				




				vampire weekend
				




				alan houston
				




				linus roache
				




				alana de la garza
				




				nick ashford 
				




				wallace shawn
				




				jared harris from mad men
				




				kimberlin brown
				




				antwaan randle el, pittsburgh steelers wide receiver
				




				nick ashford
				




				van morrison
				




				john quiñones, abc news correspondent
				




				frederick martinez “el pacha”
				




				nick jonas
				




				toni senecal from toni on! new york
				




				running w/ the buffaloes – authur chris lear
				




				john quiñones, abc news correspondent
				





 












copyright © 2010 coogans.com | all rights reserved.
website created by theweb-guy.com













