








home - hifloat


























































skip to content






hifloat






menu


home
about hi-float
where to purchase
testimonials
faqs
contact us
 













hifloat






menu


home
about hi-float
where to purchase
testimonials
faqs
contact us



































































































products



















basic instructions



















where to purchase



















advanced tips



















news & events























keep the fun going – by keeping balloons floating.






you know that sinking feeling when helium balloons lose their float too soon? problem solved – with ultra hi-float.
what is ultra hi-float? it’s a patented liquid solution that dries inside latex helium-filled balloons to form a coating that helps hold in the helium. a single squirt inside the balloon keeps it floating longer – up to 25 times longer!
safe, nontoxic and biodegradable, hi-float is trusted by professional party planners and do-it-yourselfers alike.
best of all, hi-float is convenient and easy to use. in fact, you can inflate your balloons a day before the party so that you can concentrate on other preparations. no more last-minute decorating!
so do yourself a party favor – get hi-float today and keep your balloons floating longer!








































customer testimonials









i want to thank you for making event decorating so much easier! for our pta fundraiser this year we had a 100th birthday party for the school. we wanted to cover the ceiling with hundreds of colorful birthday balloons. thanks to hi-float we were able to inflate all of the balloons on friday, while our kids were in school, and when we returned saturday for the big event they were all still floating. the decorations looked great and we weren’t stressed at all. what a great product!

kristen wilson


 









just wanted to brag about how well ultra hi-float works. i treated an 11″ qualatex printed latex balloon 10-31-11, today is 2-14-12 (106 days) and balloon is still floating just about perfect.

greg arrigoni
unique balloons


 







more testimonials










hi-float is available worldwide






whether you’re a professional party planner or a do-it-yourselfer, we make purchasing hi-float easy.









buy online





find a retailer / distributor


















reusable. for use with 24 oz. and 96 oz. bottles.



















instructions available in 9 languages

















english instructions



















deutsch anweisungen



















说明书



















使用説明書



















istruzioni italiane



















instrucciones españolas



















инструкции по применению



















instruções de portuguese



















français instructions













 











© 2025 hifloat
 | 
powered by beaver builder

 




scroll to top










