






apsaras aesthetic clinic | coventry




















































close








best aesthetic clinic 2024 coventry and warwickshire 
			awarded by - global health and pharma magazine
				
			




(024) 7669 3700


















home page
treatments

treatments overview
anti-wrinkle injections
celluform
dermal fillers – ha fillers include croma
dermal fillers – semi permanent
e.dermastamp
the fillmed range of treatments
levura hifu
lip enhancement
hair & facial rejuvenation
veinwave and sclerotherapy
opatra genesis body sculpting
pelvic floor strengthening
vitamin b12 injections in coventry
profhilo body
asce hair and scalp treatment
vivace rf microneedling


concerns

concerns overview
acne treatments
cellulite
excessive sweating
fine lines & wrinkles
leg veins
osteoarthritis
rosacea and facial thread veins
stretch marks
sun spots / age spots


skincare

skincare overview
heliocare
jane iredale
totally derma – nutraceutical collagen drink supplement


prices & offers

our prices
our offers


about us

why choose us
meet the team
your consultation
testimonials
latest news


contact
book online






book online


(024) 7669 3700





 


























close












vivace micro
needling
lift your face. be free from wrinkles. remove your scars. our new vivace microneedling machine targets the following: pigmentation, bags under the eyes, fine lines and wrinkles.
book your consultation

                                 watch video
                            






genesis
at apsaras aesthetic clinic we use the genesis machine which uses innovative technology that builds muscles and burns fat. the genesis device provides the equivalent muscle-defining effects of 20,000 crunches or squats in just 30 minutes.
view treatment











welcome to apsaras aesthetic clinic


at apsaras aesthetic clinic in coventry, we take pride in helping our clients look and feel their best. at our coventry skin clinic, our advanced treatments are matched only by our expertise and experience.
professional, proficient and practised – we’re here to listen, understand and create natural-looking results.
best aesthetic clinic 2024 coventry and warwickshire
awarded by – global health and pharma magazine



about us
book your consultation








our treatments







dermal fillers







anti-wrinkle injections







veinwave







lip enhancement

















“would not go anywhere else for treatment. first class.”
– danielle




“amazing care from both dr t and vicki i couldn’t recommend here enough.”
– kelly




“dr t & vicki are both very professional & honest, dr t – gives the options for treatments to suit individual needs.”
– kiran




“i had been waiting for the genesis opatra machine to arrive since dr thevendra told me about it back in september 2022. so as soon as it arrived i booked a course. if you’re serious about having weight and strengthening your core genesis is an excellent way to kick-start your journey. after finishing the course i was able to carry out 65 sit-ups, some things i’ve never been able to achieve in all my time of going to the gym. the care i received from dr thevendra and vicki was second to none. i would never go anywhere else.”
– liz




“very good and understanding and pleasant. been coming for 5 years.”
– sue




“honest & professional advice with very natural results.”
– jodie




“i cannot fault the treatment and care that i received at apsaras. i have regular anti-wrinkle treatments and genesis body sculpting.”
– micheal




“i have been visiting apsaras for many years & always find the treatment first class and the environment caring and calm.”
– dawn




“i have been coming to this clinic for almost ten years now and wouldn’t even consider going anywhere else! dr t is excellent and completely down to earth. dr t is excellent at making you feel at ease and is so competent and skilled in what he does and in the advice he gives his clients. a very professional but lovely clinic and each visit is always worth every penny!”
– gill




“i am very happy with all the treatments i have received here over the last nine years.  from anti-wrinkle injections to dermal fillers and hair & skin rejuvenation treatments.  would highly recommend this clinic, would not go anywhere else, very friendly and helpful.  i also have all my skin products from here too.”
– sandra




“i am always very happy with the treatments at apsaras aesthetic clinic, always very professional and amazing results.”
– linda




“i had 5 sessions of the pelvic floor treatment on the genesis machine and have definitely noticed a big improvement. i would recommend this treatment as it’s so easy to have and vicki makes you feel so comfortable about it. thank you zena.”
– zena



read reviews about our aesthetic clinic




















our offers
all of our offers are available for a limited time only – and are ideal for saving on leading treatments that really make a difference at our aesthetics clinic in coventry.
our offers








our skincare
discover effective and luxurious skincare you’ll love to use – backed by the expertise you need to make the right choice for you.
skincare for you














your first step at our aesthetic clinic
our free consultations, at our skin clinic in coventry, focus on listening to you and understanding your needs and hopes. there’s absolutely no obligation – just impartial, expert advice.
book your consultation









@apsarasaestheticclinic






enhancing lips by defining shape and adding volume






celluform is an injectable stubborn fat and cellul






heliocare is an award-winning professional spf ran






after the age of 20, our collagen production drops



 


















at apsaras, we take pride in helping our clients look and feel their best. our advanced treatments are matched by our expertise and experience. professional, proficient and practised – we’re here to listen, understand and create natural-looking results.

subscribe


get in touch
number three, siskin drive, middlemarch business park, coventry cv3 4fj
directions:
1. head south-west on tollbar end towards rowley rd.
2. exit the roundabout onto rowley rd.
3. slight left onto siskin dr.
4. at the roundabout, take the 3rd exit and stay on siskin dr
5. turn into woodham road (also add near jam jam boomerang play area (and zoo plus)).
7. arrive at location
telephone: ( 024 ) 7669 3700
email: info@apsaras.co.uk
skin assessment


follow
instagram
facebook
twitter




				© 2025 apsaras aesthetic clinic. all rights reserved. privacy policy | terms and conditions  | *individual results may vary.














































