

















toyota mr2 mk1 club - mr2 mk1 club









 




register
help














 remember me?


















home


register!


what's new?


forum


new posts
last 24 hours
last 7 days
faq
calendar

community

member list



forum actions

mark forums read



quick links

today's posts
view site leaders




garage










advanced search








home
mr2 mk1 club











	
	if this is your first visit, be sure to
		check out the faq by clicking the
		link above. you may have to register
		before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. to start viewing messages,
		select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.














mr2 mk1 club










welcome to the mr2 mk1 club! 
		
		


		
			by 
tommundy



				view profile
			



				view forum posts
			



				private message
			



				view articles
			



		

		
            
                    published on 10th september 2012  08:16 pm
            
        
		

		

 		

	




			welcome to the mr2mk1club.com homepage!

please click on the button below to register on the forum.



mr2 mk1 club was established in 1995 with the aim of promoting the toyota mr2 mk1 and to provide a focal point for enthusiasts and interest in this classic 80's sports car. based in the uk, but with members across the globe, anyone interested in the mk1 mr2 is welcome to become a member, whether you are an owner or not.

the club has activity & events across the uk, organised & attended by our friendly & knowledgeable community & which everyone is welcome to attend. as well as regular events, the club offers a number of tangible benefits to mk1 mr2 owners and those interested to learn more about these legendary sportscars:

technical resources - write up's on common faults and problemsclub forum - ideal for "how do i" questions and general discussionclub discount scheme - access to various discounts with major vendors appropriate to the mk1 mr2classifieds area - buy or sell a mk1 mr2events - network of events across the regional areas and also 6 key national eventsremember, we are the only club in the world dedicated only to the toyota mr2 mk1 - join now!

full club membership is just £10 per year  and provides a number of benefits:

offline benefits:
priority ticket allocation to ticketed shows/eventsclub event discounts where applicableaccess to club schemes where applicable
online benefits:
full access to the forum, with read and write access to all forums & subforumsaccess to download club magazineaccess to member only technical articlesview, post and reply in the garage sectionavatar, signature and private messaging benefitsadvertise items for sale and reply to for sale advertspost up in the wanted items sectionno limits to searches

non-paid forum members are welcome, however as a non-paid member you will have restricted benefits:

offline restrictions:
limited ticket allocation to ticketed shows/events
online restrictions: 
no access to technical articles.cannot create new threads in the technical section, can only reply to already started threadscannot place adverts in the for sale sectioncan view events threads but cannot reply to them or create anycan only view the garage sectioncannot have signatureslimited to 5 private messages between all inboxes and outboxeslimited to send pms to only a single personsearch-engine waiting; users will have to wait 10 seconds before initiating a new search





















 tag cloud


4agze 89661-17140 alloys apex ariel bhp brake brand new business calliper car for sale car wont start cassette charge battery gauge clips corolla decal domain ecu engine bay catch engine wings bumper parts essex for sale forum free front garages gear hatfest hatfield heath herts idle ireland lowering lowering springs maintenance mica mk1 mk1b mosney mr2 mr2 mk1 ireland northern ireland parts racing championship radio rebuild repairs revving seals servicing show smell springs stereo superb supercharged supercharger superleggera suspension t-bar teardrop toyota tyres wanted wheel nuts wheels white windscreen wing















-- mr2 mk1 club


-- default mobile style




contact us
mr2 mk1 club
archive
top



 

all times are gmt. the time now is 09:20 pm.


	powered by vbulletin® version 4.2.2 copyright © 2025 vbulletin solutions, inc. all rights reserved. 
	








