

artmedia publishing














 






butterfly crush
	film


butterfly 
		crush is a modern love story about a
sydney song and dance duo, 
		who threaten to self-destruct on the brink of fame when one joins 
		a virtual dreaming cult in kings cross.
artmedia produced
this film last year, based on alan clay's novel, dance 
		sisters. the film 
			enjoyed a theatrical release in new zealand last year.
the film has just capped off a string of 
			successes in the states by winning best feature drama at the indie 
			gathering film festival in cleveland, ohio. this follows the film 
			winning a prestigious award of merit from the accolade competition 
			earlier this year and official selection in festivals in four 
			states.

		the film is due for release in sydney and melbourne in april. you can find more information on the project at
www.butterflycrush.net 
				where you can also find a 4-minute trailer.

physical 
	theatre training



playspace  
	training with alan clay 
	provides a physical and irreverent approach to clown. reconnect with the playful, 
	inquisitive, cheeky, clown spirit in a beautiful outdoor setting, 
	overlooking the mouth of the wanganui river in new 
	zealand. check out the clown summer school in 
	january.

aerialize is an 
	innovative theatre group that combines the art of dance, theatre, gymnastics 
	and circus in an aerial environment. aerialize have been thrilling local and 
	international audiences with death defying feats of grace and beauty on the 
	trapeze, rope and web. check out information on their evening classes, and their performance projects 
	in sydney.
shows

theatre lote,

is an australian 
				theatre company providing innovative bilingual performances for 
				theatre festivals and schools. our 
				productions are “boutique” in nature, with casts of two to 
				three multi-skilled performers, and have strong music-theatre, 
				visual and physical theatre components. 

broadway and co 
	- is a contemporary australian circus company 
	presenting touring shows, a range of roving and 
	site specific performances, as well as workshops and training opportunities. 
***************
physical theatre news

this newsletter has evolved over the past 
		nine 
	years, into an industry wide publication with an australian focus and a 
	global perspective. 
the newsletter carries information on circus, 
	clown, mime, theatre, dance, and street theatre events worldwide - with 
	information on festivals, classes, and news on physical theatre groups 
	working in australia, new zealand, america, canada, europe, england and 
	worldwide.
check out the archive for the physical theatre 
	newsletter: 2002, 
	2003, 2004, 
	2005, 
	2006, 
	2007, 2008, 
	2009,  2010 and
2011.
enter your email 
	address below to receive this newsletter each month.




subscribe to artmedia_physical_theatre_news











powered by groups.yahoo.com






literary festival
check out the site for the
	wanganui literary festival in new zealand. 
	in line with past festivals, 2011 offered an eclectic and fascinating 
	variety of readings, lectures and theatre. 

books

new on the site this month, new zealand author, 
joan rosier-jones, 
	has information on her writing retreats and popular books such as,
'so you want to write' and 'writing your own family 
	history'.

alan clay's 
	books, dance sisters, 
	believers in love and angels can fly, 
	have been released 
	for the kindle. these can be read on any mobile device or 
	computer, as well as on the kindle reader itself and download from amazon. 
	the books are also available for the apple ipad through the 
	ibooks app at itunes.  and they are also available for the kobo reader, 
	which 
		can be purchased through
	whitcoulls or 
	borders 
	or angus & robertson. 


alan 
	clay's book, 
angels can fly, 
	a modern clown user guide, 
	is a 
	textbook for a fast changing art form. the traditional approach to teaching 
	clown is routine or gag based and this sits uncomfortably with teaching 
	practices in modern performing arts education and with today's audiences. 
in 
	addition to anecdotes from 20 clowns from around the world and stories 
	following the adventures of 10 fictional clowns, 
this book includes a 
	total of 50 practical clown exercises 
	appropriate for workshops or performance, developed by alan through 30 years 
	of teaching in australia, europe, america and new zealand.



angel's 
							can fly has been released for the 
						kindle and can be purchased from
	
	amazon. it's available for the apple ipad, and can be purchased through the ibooks app at itunes. 
	the ebook can also be purchased for the kobo reader in new zealand 
						through
	whitcoulls or in australia through 
	borders 
	or angus & robertson.


south australian author adrian
    rogers, has three fantasy novels published as e-books - on cd rom or by
    direct download. and his third book in the hidden 
	kingdom trilogy, alignment, 
	is now available. "merlin, laid to rest in dark-age britain in his crystal cave has awoken in 
fulfillment of a prophecy, as pisces moves into aquarius and the 2012 galactic 
	alignment is less than four years away." 

moontan

"a 
	heart warming story about two street clowns, swept up in the occupation of 
	new zealand's last victorian theatre." 


alan clay's short film 
	moontan is available in a dvd 
	compilation including the 15 minute short, a 30 minute rough cut, a twenty 
	minute 'making of moontan' documentary, and a two camera split-screen extra 
	clown performance (total: 72 min.), us$14.95 from
	create space.
***************

artmedia publishing  is run by alan clay.
contemporary australian and new zealand
    literary & performing arts








search this site     
powered by freefind









links


artmedia links offers links to
    electronic publishing and writing resources. for performing
    links use playspace links 

newsletter


subscribe to our 
	physical theatre 
	newsletter at the bottom of this page.
our monthly 
physical theatre 
	newsletter 
	has been going from strength to strength, and we have created an archive of 
	back issues, which you can now browse on 
	our
	physical news
page. 




 ***************



 







   







 
last updated: 
17 february 2012 - this site
published by artmedia publishing  
email:
epublish[at]artmedia[dot]com[dot]au
the
content of this site is copyright, and no part may be reproduced or transmitted in any
form for commercial purposes, without permission in writing from the publishers. 
 


 



