



	compact & sub compact utility tractors | yanmar tractor












































skip to main content
 yanmar tractors

 toggle menu

tractors 




sa seriespopular for less than 25 acres22- or 24-horsepower


yt2 seriespopular for 10 to 50 acres35-horsepower


yt3 seriespopular for 25 acres or more47- or 59-horsepower


ym seriespopular for 25 acres or more41-, 46- or 59-horsepower


sm seriespopular for 35 to 75 acres37- or 74-horsepower





see all tractors
build my tractor
see exclusive offers




attachments 




grading & leveling


vegetation management


digging, lifting & moving


seeding & planting


tillage


hay harvesting


snow removal





see all attachments
build my tractor
see exclusive offers




utvs 




diesel utvs1000 lb bed capacity2000 lb towing capacity


gas utvs600 lbs. bed capacity1500 lbs. towing capacity





see all utvs
build my tractor
see exclusive offers




accessories
about
resources
for dealers
 search





about
resources
for dealers 

become a dealer
dealer portal


 search



call 770-877-7602 
email 






what can we help you find?

submit





high-quality tractors designed to work as hardas you do.explore tractors explore attachments build my tractorpause video



sa series  popular for less than 25 acres22- or 24-horsepower
yt2 series  popular for 10 to 50 acres35-horsepower
yt3 series  popular for 25 acres or more47- or 59-horsepower
ym series  popular for 25 acres or more41-, 46- or 59-horsepower
sm series  popular for 35 to 75 acres37- or 74-horsepower
attachments  leave no job unfinished




sa series popular for less than 25 acres22- or 24-horsepower

22- or 24-horsepower multi-purpose compact tractors
conquer your to-do list with models that provide the versatility you need for any job on your land. popular for less than 25 acres.
explore the sa series build my tractor




yt2 series popular for 10 to 50 acres35-horsepower

35-horsepower multi-purpose compact tractors
simple job or complex dig, our yt2 series tractors have your back. popular for 10 to 50 acres.
explore the yt2 series build my tractor




yt3 series popular for 25 acres or more47- or 59-horsepower

47- or 59-horsepower multi-purpose compact tractors
our biggest compact tractors, with four-cylinder engines, they can handle larger tasks on tougher terrain. popular for 25 or more acres.
explore the yt3 series build my tractor




ym series popular for 25 acres or more41-, 46- or 59-horsepower

41-, 46- or 59-horsepower multi-purpose tractors
are looking for a tractor that provides quality, versatility, and durability? look no further than the new ym3 tractor series.  2021 marks the return of yanmar america’s classic ym series tractor, operating in the 42- to 59-horsepower range.  
explore the ym series build my tractor




sm series popular for 35 to 75 acres37- or 74-horsepower

37- or 74-horsepower multi-purpose tractors
elevate your experience with the next generation of lift capacity. introducing the sm series - new line of tractors prepare to tackle your heavy loads.
explore the sm series build my tractor




attachments leave no job unfinished

find the right attachment for your yanmar tractor.
explore the attachments build my tractor








why choose yanmar?





don’t settle for standard. when you choose yanmar, you choose a first-rate machine designed in-house from the ground up and backed by 100+ years of experience. because everything — including engine, transmission, and axles — are made to work together, yanmar machines are as dependable as they come. more usable horsepower. less power loss. and, a smoother, more comfortable ride for the days that go well past sundown. all this, plus an industry-leading 10-year powertrain warranty.
get something more. get a yanmar. 




go further with greater fuel efficiency.
powered by earth-friendly, efficient but powerful diesel engines, yanmar tractors provide the versatility to handle any job around your property with ease.
learn about our engines

do more with extreme versatility.
there’s a tool for every job and we engineer our tractors to work with attachments to get your jobs done.
explore attachments


less down-time with proven reliability.
we produce all major drivetrain components to ensure perfect fit, balance, and dependability. plus, enjoy peace of mind with our 10-year limited powertrain warranty.
see our warranty

save time with enhanced productivity.
our tractors are easy to operate all day long. with yanmar, comfort is never a tradeoff with productivity.
explore tractors





your land. your tractor.





deciding which tractor and attachments to buy can be daunting, but it doesn't have to be a chore. request your buyer's guide to help you select the best tractor based on the types of jobs you plan to do, the size of your property, and the conditions in which you'll be working.
request the guide




a love of the land and a passion for the environment has guided yanmar for more than 100 years. our story began with one simple and powerful tenet: “to conserve fuel is to serve mankind.”magokichi yamaoka, founder of yanmar





find a dealer
our family of yanmar dealers is committed to providing you with the machines you need for every job and to keep them running smoothly.
search dealers

 



 facebook
 linkedin
 instagram
 

let's stay in touch
join us for the latest news, product info, and special offers delivered straight to your inbox.
signup for emails




tractors

sa series
yt2 series
yt3 series
ym series
sm series
build my tractor



attachments

grading & leveling
vegetation management
digging, lifting & moving
seeding & planting
tillage
hay harvesting
snow removal



utvs

diesel utvs
gas utvs



accessories 


resources

your buyer's guide
a landowner's planner
spec sheets
tractor quick reference guides
tractor tips
parts & service
frequently asked questions



about

find a dealer
exclusive offers
our history
yanmar engines
10-year limited powertrain warranty
#1 ranked product quality
performance link technology
contact us







 yanmar tractors
copyright © 2025. yanmar america corporation. all rights reserved.


privacy
terms of use
accessibility
gray market
site index
site map
site by spinutech
 




go to top of site 



we use cookies to improve your experience on our website. we share information about your use of our website with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. by continuing to browse the website, it is assumed that you agree to the use of cookies.  accept use necessary cookies only see our privacy policy  close













