





jojo's photos




















 









featuring pictures from oswego speedway
"home of the supermodifieds"



 this site is dedicated to the heroes and hot shoes of 
    oswego speedway. located in upstate new york, oswego has a rich history of 
    open wheel racing and has sent some of it's best drivers off to the 
    indianapolis speedway. for over 50 years it has produced great racing, 
    friendships, and fun. with this site i hope to show you some of that through 
    my amateur pictures. i try to update after each race so come back often. 
    thanks for stopping in and don't be afraid to sign my guestbook. 


view my guestbook
sign my guestbook








 






















































 











land of the freehome 
of the brave



mike ordway fulfills life long dream of winning oswego international classic 200















 


 take my poll at:
and the winner is???: htmlgear.com







mike ordway and clyde booth finally realize a dream by winning 47th 
      annual budweiser international classic 200























what is virtual thunder?



virtual thunder is a game played against actual 
    racing events. play your favorite racing series including isma, srl, and msa and 
    even your own home track including oswego 
    speedway! players visit the site before each scheduled event 
    and make qualifying and race finishing predications. when the actual event 
    is over and the results have been posted, players return to the site and see 
    how well they scored against the event and see if they won any prizes and 
    it's free to play!









 visit stan's race gear for a safe ride 
    to the finish line! 











this site designed and maintained by wing side up 
enterprises. all content herein is protected by copyright law and may not be 
copied, reproduced, or used without expressed written permission of webmaster or 
owner. we like to share so if there is something you like contact us here: 
wing side up enterprises or
jog's racing photos 

 










