
 


brookridge morgans, breeding classic type morgan horses in dun, cream and silver dapple dilutions




















 




 



 brookridge morgans began as a 
			childhood dream of mine. like many young girls, i collected model 
			horses; one of my first was the breyer black stretched morgan, a gift from my grandmother. involvement 
			in the model horse hobby eventually led to the real thing- first 
			with a friend's morgans, and later with the purchase of my morgan 
			mare reminiscing in 1984.  
			the brookridge ideal is the morgan of classic "old type". this curvy, 
			full-bodied, pretty headed, unmistakably morgan 
	horse is reflected in my  
	artwork and 
	equine sculpture and, hopefully, in the morgans that i breed. i appreciate the older morgan bloodlines of all families. 
			my training philosophy uses positive 
			reinforcement, which results in horses with willing, 
			cheerful attitudes. the brookridge morgans live the majority of 
			their time outside, as 
			nature intended, barefoot and in the company of 
			the herd.  
	
	
	
	
			i am deeply involved with colorful morgans and enjoy 
	researching and writing about breeding programs and bloodlines related to the various colors 
	present in our breed. my articles currently appear in our breed journal, 
	the morgan horse

	magazine. older articles appeared in simply morgan,
	classic morgan admirers, the rainbow morgan horse association 
	newsletter, just about horses, and many other equine publications over the 
			last 40 years. 
			many of my articles for the morgan horse magazine can be found here. our 
			morgans are pictured in five books on equine color: sponenberg's equine color genetics, lesli kathman's the equine tapestry, jeannette gower's horse color explained, 
			vera kurskaya's horse color explored and the textbook the horse 
			(evans et al).  i maintain two educational websites about color in the morgan breed: morgan colors and 
			the 
	silver dapple 
	morgans project. i edited the 
	rainbow morgan horse 
	association newsletter from 1996-2016, and also served as editor of the georgia morgan horse club newsletter. 
			i am semi retired equine artist who sculpts and paints as well as 
			creating eye-catching equine advertising and website design.
	
	my very handy husband jim built most of our farm himself, including our lovely

	barn. our extended family includes 
	the new owners of
	horses we've owned and/or bred and our canine companion
newton. 
	
	sit back and relax as you explore our website. i love to take pictures, so there is a lot to 
			look through, over many many years. 
			even better, come see our morgans in person.	
	we welcome your visit, and so will the horses. give us a call or
	email today! -laura behning 


			brookridge news

december 13, 2024- when you are down for the count with a pinched nerve in your back, all you can think about (besides the pain) is "how will i take care of my horses?" it just adds to the stress of the whole situation. 
			jim has been helping, but he has a full-time job so i have been struggling by myself a lot. the other issue was getting my horses' feet done. i am passionate about this so can't just "let it go". magic was in need of his 
			first hoof trim and although i pick up his feet every day, i am too sore to maneuver around and hang onto the foot (on a wiggly baby) to trim it properly. i did get a little done yesterday while he was lying down- until 
			he woke up, lol! sherri larson farmer gave me the contact info for a barefoot trimmer who happens to live just 5 minutes from me and had a cancellation today so she could fit me in (thank you sherri for the referral!). 
			taylor brandon you are a godsend! taylor spent two hours on charli and magic- she is a perfectionist! magic was initially resistant to the idea of a stranger hanging onto his feet, but by the time taylor finished with 
			charli (who, like all my adult horses, is "old lady proof" lol) he had accepted that she wasn't here to cause him any harm. 
			bless you taylor for your patience in giving magic the best first hoof trim experience he could have possibly had. local friends, i highly recommend taylor for all your hoof trim needs!
			magic is available to the perfect home, 
			please inquire if interested. 
			you can see more pictures of him on his web page.

october 12, 2024- this morning at 6:15 am charli delivered her 4th foal, a good sized silver colt 
			whose barn name will be magic (registered name automagical). 
			proud papa is our 35 year old stallion positively's pride. 
			magic has his mama's cream gene in addition to his silver gene. he is available to the perfect home, 
			please inquire if interested. 
			every birth is a miracle and we are always grateful when things go well! pictured at one week of age, october 19, 2024. you can see more pictures of him on his web page.

september 20, 2024- kate cabot and her four year old gelding thunderous (ks bluestem the old guard x coral forest) have had a fun summer driving in new england, culminating in their win
			at the gmha fall cd today at training level. seeing a horse bred 
			here succeed - not only in competition but as his owner's "horse of a lifetime" (her words)-  
			i am so thankful that thunder is
			in your good hands, kate. huge thanks goes to trainers larry poulin, linda poulin, and kaylee angstadt as well. i am so looking forward to the further adventures of thunder and kate!
 gone gold (adiel's casino gold x kennebec topaz) october 27, 2002-july 25, 2024. 
			it took me a long time to make this update. i was just heartbroken. on july 25th our sweet palomino gelding roadie joined his dam topaz 
			at the rainbow bridge. he had fought chronic laminitis for many 
			years. he is very much missed and our farm will never be the same 
			without him and his mother. a bit of them both will live on via 
			their descendants, including roadie's daughter, our own positively 
			charmed (charli) and many others here in the us, in canada, the uk, austria and australia. you can read more about the life of roadie- whose name 
			would prove to be very prophetic- on his web 
			page here.

kennebec topaz (june 25, 1992- june 24, 2024). our beautiful buckskin mare is together again with 
			her breeder, the late margaret gardiner and all the wonderful 
			kennebec morgans that have gone before her. we are sad, but grateful to have known her. she leaves quite a legacy both here and abroad. 
			to read more about topaz, please visit her page here. 

site updated: december 22, 2024
brookridge morgans
jim and laura behning
75 glass spring rd.
covington, ga 30014 
(770) 385-1240 
click to email us at morgans@mindspring.com

 

 









 











learn more about the very rare silver dapple gene 
		at the 



		silver dapple 
morgans project.    




 
to learn more about color in the morgan breed, visit
the 
morgan colors
website. 




		join the morgan colors group on facebook



moon cycles























 ©copyright 1995-2024
		 website design by behningart

		 no part of this website may be reproduced without permission.




