



blood information; blood test results, blood disorders & blood transfusion



























 
      


   
























what's new
media info
we need
about us

link to us


























 


search


bloodbook.com
















  up front 





navigate bloodbook.com




what does it all mean?




the blood business




chapter titles & outlines




the hippocratic oath


  blood
        information 



general
        blood info




blood facts




donor requirements





blood diseases  






blood disorders




cholesterol overview




blood products




blood substitutes




medicare - transfusion




medicare - blood tests




blood banking







blood types




blood type facts




blood from our parents




blood compatibility




blood typing systems




world abo blood types




countries and peoples







rare blood




rare blood types




rare blood disorders




rare blood type chart







bad blood




fda recall/withdrawal




congressional report








blood recall notices




tainted blood links




fda inspection guide




typical legal resolution






  giving & getting blood



blood
        transfusion




transfusion chronology




blood transfusion guide




informed consent




transfusion reaction




regional transfusion risk




transmitted diseases




donor requirements




reaction death notification




physician's dilemma




african-american need




the safest blood 







autologous
        blood




autologous blood basics




blood donation procedure




autologous overview




storage of your blood




self donation guidelines






  blood testing





personal blood testing




preparing for testing




interpreting your tests




testing/sampling kits




donated blood tests




blood testing order




reference/range chart






  links





useful links  






supplemental links




health info on the web




links to medical schools






  resources





glossary of blood terms




abbreviation glossary




units of measure




recommended reading




blood safety article




health/blood newsgroups




freedom of information act




chapter titles & outlines




a word about spelling




working bibliography






  forms and paperwork





informed consent form




donation interview form




directed order form




directed consent form




autologous consent




blood bank order form




hiv test consent form




hiv continuing consent




medicare abn form




blood testing order








 help and community





favorites/bookmark help




tell a friend about us




search bloodbook.com




navigate bloodbook.com




browser compatibility




participate in bloodbook




make us your home page




link to bloodbook.com




membership at bloodbook




become an affiliate




the news from bloodbook




facts that we need


















recommended
            reading



amazon.com treats our
            guests fairly, fast
            and low prices. we
            recommend amazon.com
























































visit the
            bloodmobile
            website - schedule a
            
            bloodmobile donation







red gold: the epic story of
            blood - pbs/bloodbook special









st. joseph™ aspirin -
            "pump your blood"
            song from happy days










iron rich foods - 
bloodbook feature
              special article




you are visiting
        	bloodbook.com, a web site dedicated to the exchange of accurate
          blood information and health
          information as controlled by your blood as revealed in the results in 
			blood tests. nothing here is to be viewed as medical advice. only a
        licensed and caring physician can advise you on matters pertaining to your health..... no
        web site and not bloodbook.com!
red gold: the epic story of blood
the blood information here is
        not a science fair project. every word is carefully researched, and designed to support,
        not to replace, the relationship between you and your physician or other qualified health
        care professional. we present a carefully recommended reading list, 
click here. red gold: the epicstory of blood


        latino blood donation ::
        
        hispanic blood donation ::
        hispanic blood 
        centers
our hope is, as you digest the
        information presented on bloodbook.com, that you become aware of the benefits of personal blood testing, at 
		least annually, if possible,
        and also that you consider autologous blood
        donation and storage alternatives. beyond that, we seek to present, in an easy-to-use
        format, useful and accurate facts about blood, the blood supply and closely related
        subjects. 
if you need
        blood
        information, bloodbook.com is here for you!
continuing confidence in the
        blood supply is imperative. 'facts' related to blood safety issues seem to
        substantially change every week. there is confusion, doubt and fear.
        mistakes having disastrous consequences are made and go un-reported
        every day. adding to the chaos, is a
        perplexing message from the media. while every day we are assured over and over that the
        blood supply is "safer than it has ever been," on those same days we may see
        such things as:

















".....the public is
            provided insufficient information on the risks of blood and blood products..... ; the fda
            has not effectively managed regulatory review of blood issues..... ; after the aids virus
            emerged as a threat to the blood supply, fda still has not developed an effective system
            for communicating blood product recalls to pharmacists, doctors or patients.....; the size
            of plasma pools for fractionated products can increase the risk of infectious disease
            transmission." 
            - "protecting
            the nation's blood supply from infectious agents: the need for new standards to meet new
            threats." - committee on government reform and oversight - approved and adopted -
            06/25/1996 [view full text here] "..... in fact, the real risk of contracting a
            viral disease may be more like 1 in 5,000 - which is 1,000 times greater than the odds of
            dying in an airplane crash. put another way, if airlines were allowed to set an
            'acceptable safety standard' equivalent to that of the blood supply, there would be at
            least one fatal crash a month in the u.s." 
            - business
            week - scrubbing the blood supply 11/15/1999 [full text available here] 
"..... in the past, a person with blood
            type o negative blood was considered to be a universal donor. it meant his or her blood
            could be given to anyone, regardless of blood type, without causing a transfusion
            reaction. this is no longer a relevant concept because of a better understanding of the
            complex issues of immune reactions related to incompatible donor blood cells." 
            - mayo clinic healthoasis - ask a physician 08/09/2000 [view full text here] 
"we are urging all veterans to be tested
            for hepatitis c. eight percent to ten percent
            of veterans tested positive for the disease in a survey of 26,000, making the potentially
            deadly illness four to five times more prevalent among veterans than the rest of the
            population." 
- veterans health administration -
            advisory bulletin 04/05/1999 [view
            article here] 
editors note: the above linked page has been revised by
            va/vfw, without notation, and moved to an unknown url. linked above is an image of the
            page, courtesy google.



and then we may
        find this typical recall/withdrawal order
        from the fda. what should we believe? who has our best interests at heart? 
these articles and
        reports and others like them, available for years, but not spoken of, are the reason for
        bloodbook.com. we are alone! 
now for a little more about
        blood and a view of our frame of perspective. 
pbs series - red gold: the epic story of blood
sloshing around inside each of us is a
        couple of gallons of a precious fluid. we don't think much about it until there is a
        problem, then we realize the real value of our blood. there is no replacement for human
        blood, though researchers are hard at work around the world looking for a viable blood substitute. modern society depends on
        blood,
        donated by humans. it is just that simple. 



worldwide five to ten percent of the cases of hiv
        infection are transmitted through the
        transfusion of infected blood or tainted blood products. some of the other severe
        diseases that can be transmitted  
by transfusion include viral hepatitis
        c and b, syphilis, malaria and chagas' disease.  
annually, worldwide, bad
        transfusions cause an estimated 8 to 16 million hepatitis b virus infections, 2.3 to 5
        million hepatitis
        c virus infections and 80,000 to 160,000 hiv infections.
although the
        blood 'industry' is ultimately responsible for the safety of the blood supply, in every
        major nation, the government, or a quasi government agency is responsible for regulating
        this important big money 'industry.' 
we at
        bloodbook.com strongly believe that the
        blood manufacturing industry must be made to conform to high standards and quality control
        requirements comparable to those of pharmaceutical companies or other similar industries,
        and must continue to be objectively regulated and monitored by government. 
as we see it, there is still one
        great blessing; the united states federal government is not directly
        involved in the blood
        business. it oversees and regulates, but, as of this writing, it does not manage.
in all fairness, we are fully
        aware that the fda has a nearly impossible task. on one end, congress and their constituents
        are pushing and pulling and pointing fingers. on the other end of the problem, there is an
        ever-increasing and ever more sophisticated demand for a perfect blood supply. further,
        making matters worse, is the burden of testing
        blood
        for often "unknown" diseases..... fast!

in the united states, licensed
        establishments collect
        donated blood, process and distribute blood and blood products. engaged in
        interstate commerce, they are therefore regulated by federal law. there are, however, many
        blood related enterprises not involved in 'interstate commerce' that are not licensed.
        these blood donor centers, and related facilities, must register with, and like licensed
        establishments, be inspected by, the united
        states fda (food and drug administration). they are, by statute, subject to the same
        standards as are the licensed establishments performing the same functions. there is often
        a marked difference in licensed and unlicensed facilities.   red alert






              pharmacy shelves are stocked with do-it-yourself home tests for
              blood glucose, blood cholesterol paternity tests and pregnancy
              tests. orasure technologies inc., makes and sells a 20-minute,
              at-home test that screens for two hiv strains using a swab device
              that tests saliva, awaiting the fda. 




the blood collection centers
        that you drive past, with your windows up and your car doors locked, with those persons
        'sleeping' on the sidewalk, are inspected and approved by the united states food and drug
        administration, an agency of the united states government. yes, each one is inspected and approved. they are collecting
        blood that my own family might use! 
the use of blood products is also not entirely risk free.
        there is a risk of infection with serious blood
        borne diseases such as with transfusion. advances in science and technology promise
        much needed higher standards of safety in
        blood collection. hyper-accurate tests, that in
        some cases act more quickly, will better protect the blood supply.   free cord blood bank 
for those who need a blood
        transfusion, the risk of transfusion problems
        is far less than the risk of dying or becoming more seriously ill without that
        transfusion.
bloodbook.com has hundreds of
        articles and links on all of these subjects. we are working as fast as we can to post
        these on this web site for every visitor to access. we invite you to become a member of bloodbook.com so that we can better keep
        you up to date on this complex subject. 
we receive a great deal of blood
        information (and gossip) each day. the bloodbook.com rule is: if it cannot be verified as
        having originated from a reputable source, it will not be posted on bloodbook.com until it
        has been legitimately cleared. we invite worthy contribution
 





information on
			college and 
			getting a good job


west nile virus - questions - answers - blood supply


west nile virus - unanswered questions for the media




welcome to
        bloodbook.com. 
        don't forget to visit
        realscrubs.com
        for hospital medical scrubs! 









                  


 























home  ::  privacy ::  user agreement  :: 
    compatibility ::  make us home  ::  tell a friend  ::
     link to us  ::  guestbook













we invite you to participate in bloodbook.com. if you
    know of accurate and dependable 
    information about blood transfusion, safety, diseases, storage, collection, or blood
    donation, 
    we invite you to let us know. send an e-mail to the bloodbook.com suggestion
    box. 
thank you for
    visiting bloodbook.com. 
information
    for life 






legal
      & copyright © 2000-2013 bloodbook.com. all rights reserved worldwide. 
      bloodbook.com is an independent commercial enterprise and maintains no 
      relationship with any medical or civic institution. if you have questions or 
      comments about this web site please e-mail: .
 

 






 
    
 


    


         last updated 03/22/2013   bloodbook.com 





