








criminal defense lawyer | fort pierce, port st. lucie, vero beach | law office of brian h. mallonee







































 homeprofilepractice areasdui & criminal traffic chargesdrugs & narcotics chargeschild pornography chargescomputer solicitation of a minorcriminal defense appealsfederal crimes & chargesjuvenile offenses & criminal defensepost-conviction reliefprobation violations & defensessex crimes & chargesstate crimes & chargesviolent & gun crime chargescase resultscomputer and sex crimesdui and criminal trafficdrug and narcotics chargestheft and property crimesviolations of probation (vop) / miscellaneous crimesviolent and gun crimesblogcontact




pay now(772) 464-1991financing(772) 464-1991pay nowfinancing 



criminal defense attorney & board certified criminal trial lawyertrial lawyerfort pierce, port st. lucie, vero beach, stuart, & okeechobeewe are the premier criminal defense & dui law firm on the treasure coast. we apply client-specific strategies to make sure your story is told -- the right way.creative. aggressive. results.defending people the right way happens from a position of strength, not weakness. we pride ourselves on defending criminal cases from a position of strength by incorporating creative motion practice, mastery of criminal law, and intuitive trial judgement.
we will defend a serious criminal case in any venue in the nation. our office is in downtown fort pierce, florida, so you will usually find us in a 19th circuit courtroom in st. lucie, indian river, martin, or okeechobee county.
mr. mallonee is a seasoned criminal defense attorney and is av-rated by martindale hubbell. he is also a board certified criminal trial lawyer.
our office has delivered countless victories in and out of the federal and state courtrooms in fort pierce, port st. lucie, vero beach, stuart, and okeechobee for more than 25 years.
we urge you to read about how our previous clients facing criminal charges rate our work, or to read about a few of our big wins here.
if you or a loved one needs a criminal defense lawyer and a criminal trial expert, you are welcome to reach out and give us a call. our phone number is (772) 464-1991.possession of firearm by a convicted felon – not guiltydrug trafficking & gun charges droppedfederal child pornography charges – outright acquittalaggravated assault with a firearm – charges droppeddomestic battery – charges droppeddui (2nd within 5 years) dropped after winning motion to suppresscapital sexual battery – not guiltycharges dropped | possession of cocaineaggravated assault w/ deadly weapon –  charges droppeddui – charges droppedcriminal defense lawyer & dui attorney  creatively & aggressively defending cases in  port st. lucie, fort pierce, vero beach, 
stuart, & okeechobee, floridacriminal defense & dui lawyer brian mallonee is dedicated to defending people accused of dui and criminal offenses. his successes are well documented and his certifications, awards and accomplishments speak for themselves. 
these certifications include the following:

board certified in criminal trial law – the highest recognition awarded by the florida bar, certifying lawyers as experts and specialists.
avvo rating of 10/10, or superb – a leading independent lawyer rating and review website.
av® rated by martindale-hubbell  – a peer-review designation indicating that a lawyer has reached the height of professional excellence.

we are here for one reason -- to fearlessly defend good people accused of crimes at the highest skill level in the world of criminal defense.  we invite you to look into our reputation as a criminal defense firm and then give us a call. most people find us after they ask around for the top criminal defense lawyer or best dui lawyer in fort pierce, port st. lucie, vero beach, stuart, and okeechobee, florida.
our office is located on south indian river drive near the saint lucie county courthouse in downtown fort pierce.call now(772) 464-1991schedule a free consulationattorney brian h. mallonee 
legal ability and ethical standardsthe martindale-hubbell® av® preeminent™ rating is a valuable legal credential. when choosing among attorneys, a martindale-hubbell® peer review rating™ of av® preeminent™ is a credential that indicates that an attorney has undergone a strenuous process whereby members of the bar and judiciary evaluate attorneys on both their legal ability and ethical standards.verifiable case resultsst. lucie, indian river, martin, and okeechobee countiesdui case resultsdrug case resultstheft case resultsvop & miscellaneous 
case resultscomputer sex crimesviolent crimeswhat others have to say about brian h. mallonee





 			if you want someone to understand and fight for you, brian mallonee is the only choice.			read moreread less 
charlotte bireley
 11/23/2024









 			brian and cassie literally worked together to save my life. i was looking at a minimum of 10 years and up to 25 years in prison. i was a repeat offender who struggled with mental health illness and substance abuse disorder. i was ready to give up on life. however, they chose to believe in me and see the good in me. thanks to their efforts i was given treatment via mental health court rather than prison. i’m now 2 1/2 years clean. i travel the country meeting with state agencies and legislators on the importance of restorative justice. i work with lawmakers to find viable solutions that work to rehabilitate rather than just punish. there isn’t any other attorney you would rather have to fight your case. every single dollar was well spent. if you’re looking for an attorney that will offer you up to the state because they are cheaper, then this isn’t your team. but if you want someone who is prepared to fight for you in the trenches then this is who you want. i’ve been in and out of the system my entire life with over 10 years in the florida department of corrections. never have i had counsel who fought for me as hard as they did. they believed in me when i didn’t believe in myself. brian and cassie are top notch. i promise you will not be disappointed.			read moreread less 
daniel collins
 10/01/2024











 			the office of brian mallonee and his whole team took care of my case throughly and successful. they were with me every step of the way and we had a great outcome. cassandra kept me informed every way possible way and was communicative. this team is hands down the best team in fort pierce and st. lucie county. i highly recommend brian and his team. it wasn't easy and alot of hardwork, but we did it. thanks for all the effort and success in my case.			read moreread less 
william kramer
 8/13/2024









 			one of the best attorney’s fort pierce has to offer! cassandra is the sweetest woman i have ever met. they solved my case within a few months and were by my side every step of the way. i’ve had countless heart to heart conversations with cassandra and heather. they listen to understand and not just respond. they even set aside time to assist me in things that have nothing to do with my case. these people truly care about you, your well being and future. i can’t express it enough how driven and dedicated this office is to what you have going on. brian is meticulous in his work and goes above and beyond in fighting for you. these folks truly changed my life for the better.			read moreread less 
lexi jo
 5/09/2024











 			i can’t thank heather and cassandra enough for their compassion and empathy. from the minute i stepped into mr. mallonee’s office, they made me feel as if we’d been friends our entire lives. getting phone calls just to see how i’m holding up and checking on my well-being meant more than i can put into words. thank you to both of you lovely ladies, i’m sorry we met under these circumstances, but you both hold a special place in my heart. thank you mr. mallonee for your dedication to my case and seeing it thru that i ended up with the best possible outcome. it is because of you that a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders and that my future will be that much brighter! if you’re looking for the best, look no further. brian, cassandra and heather — thank you again, for everything!			read moreread less 
marissa martin
 4/12/2024









 			i would like to express my most sincere thanks for the most professional representation for my nephew, deon. you stuck by him through the years in dealing with this stressful case. this week i admired your composure , work ethic and most of all your excellent reputation. thank god for your knowledge that my nephew was found not guilty! you’re the dream team g.o.a.t. again thanks, may god continue to bless you and your team⚖️ 🏾			read moreread less 
gloria dekle
 2/16/2024











 			case dismissed! that was the great news i received two days ago from brian. i'd heard he's good, but this news exceeded all expectations. i was arrested and charged with possession of methamphetamine when the police found it in my glove compartment. i was floored, because i was certain i had not placed it there. i had a nagging feeling i knew who did, but couldn't prove it. the car is in my name. i knew i needed an attorney, but not just any attorney. i had been to prison before and this would be serious if i was convicted. i researched the reviews of several attorney's, and was impressed by what former clients had said about brian and his legal assistant cassandra. i took the plunge. it was one of the best decisions i've ever made. i called and spoke first with cassandra. had she not identified herself as brian's legal assistant, i'd have sworn i was speaking to an attorney. smart and sharp, competent and thorough. she is who sold me on this incredible team. upon hiring them, cassandra wasted no time diving in to every aspect and detail of my case. she called me often with questions regarding the traffic stop. she watched the body cam videos, researched controlling case law on point with how long the stop was allowed to take, then handed over her findings to brian. brian reviewed the evidence and found several ways the ft. pierce police department had bungled the traffic stop and subsequent investigation of my case. he wrote an incredible suppression motion on my behalf that the state attorney would have a hard time responding to. in fact, in the end, they didn't respond at all. they capitulated. they knew they couldn't win. they dismissed my case. look, this what i really want prospective clients to understand. you can hire an attorney who will save you a few bucks, or go with one of the several legal mills who will do little work and sell you out for the best deal they can get you. but when that happens remember i warned you. lastly, but far from a footnote to this story, is the hidden gem in the office. her name is heather. she is the office administrative assistant. she is the backbone. heather is a competent multitasker who coordinates all the tedious nuances and smoothes out the headaches, seemingly effortlessly, which makes the office run like a well oiled machine. it is because of heather that brian and cassandra are free to plow forward with your case. take heed to all i've said. you won't regret your decision. hire team brian before it's too late!			read moreread less 
daniel eldeen
 2/07/2024









 			they were fantastic i was being accused of a crime i did commit and they got it resolved for me in 24 hours they are the best law office i’ve ever worked with			read moreread less 
jonathan ruth
 1/11/2024











 			brian and cassandra worked effectively together to help get my son’s case dismissed. i can’t thank them enough for all of their support and confidence during this hard time. if you need someone that will do whatever it takes to help you this is the place.			read moreread less 
michelle hoyle
 12/18/2023









 			"exceptional legal representation! mr mallonee, cassandra and heather made me feel like i was part of their family. from our initial consultation to the successful resolution of my son’s case, mr mallonnee and his staff demonstrated an unparalleled level of expertise, professionalism, and dedication. if we had any questions or concerns they immediately responded and answered our questions. i really feel they went above and beyond with their support throughout the entire process which i believe sets them apart from other law offices. if you're seeking a knowledgeable and reliable lawyer with a fantastic staff, i highly recommend mr brian mallonnee. five stars well-deserved!"			read moreread less 
irma villarreal
 11/18/2023











 			me and my relatives recommend and trust attorney brian maloney very highly. we are pleased and impressed with the team including atty whitney. brian is definitely a “fighter” for his clients. he fought hard for my relative and we are tremendously thankful. brian is an excellent attorney, who is professional, courteous and thorough. he explained all our options for my relative’s case. his staff are friendly and very helpful. thanks cassandra and heather. i give a big “thumbs up” to heather. she’s such a wonderful person, so compassionate and caring. she’s truly amazing, an absolute joy to work with. she was the liaison between mr. mallonee and our family. on the day of the trial she was so supportive. on the morning of the trial she came just to give me a hug. she’s a people person. she was always courteous and patient. she ensured she relayed all our messages to mr. mallonee and she answered our questions and had mr. mallonee call us when she didn’t have the answer. thank you very much brian, whitney, heather, and cassandra.			read moreread less 
amb beh
 11/18/2023









 			there will never be enough words to express our gratitude towards brian and his fantastic legal team! one day, reading these same reviews just like many might be doing today, we made the decision of reaching out, and from the very 1st call we knew we were in good hands. i have worked with a lot of attorneys in my field of work and also in personal matters, and i can say that brian, cassandra and everyone in their office make the difference. i am profoundly thankful for brian's legal expertise and the way he magnificently handled my fiancé's case. not only because of the immense knowledge of the law and the system, but mostly for how much they genuinely care! i cannot express how impressed and grateful i personally am for everything you did for us. cassandra, you are a blessing!! thank you for always showing both of us from the very first call that we were in the best hands! to anyone searching for an attorney in psl, please know, brian is the best, personally and professionally ! thank you, thank you, for caring, for every word you shared, for every prayer, for all you did. thank you!			read moreread less 
mary romero
 10/18/2023











 			wow .. it's not easy to find the right words to express my heart felt gratitude and now deeply in bedded love respect and appreciation for brian casandra and their entire professional expert team .. i came to you guys in so much trouble on my second dui a violation of probation warrant out for my arrest also facing a very great possibility of prison time feeling so broken confused and scared and you guys from jump comforted me not with promises but with honesty guidance wealth of knowledge and expertise . you guys are phenomenal at what you do . you guys didn't only help me with my legal issues but changed my life for ever by also helping become a better person more aware of my actions and a much better decision maker .. i want to thank you guys once again from the heart for exceeding by far my every expectation and helping me resolve all my legal issues and giving me my life back . me and my fiance are forever grateful . love you all and wish you much prosperity ... misses cassandra special thanks to you also . to anyone looking for legal representation for a dui law office of brian mallone is your greatest shot of navigating safely trough that storm and worth every dime . give them a call you wont regret it .			read moreread less 
g brathwaite uprising property services
 10/18/2023









 			brian and cassandra absolutely saved my life. they fought for me for almost two years and i received an amazing outcome. they absolutely saved me from years in jail. there is no one else i would use for my legal battles. even when i was initially in jail cassandra talked to me daily letting me know what was going on. i loved this law team and everything they did for me. thanks again guys!!!			read moreread less 
danny cannon
 10/18/2023











 			to brian and staff , i am writing to express my deepest gratitude for your exceptional legal expertise and dedication in handling my case. your unwavering commitment and relentless efforts played a pivotal role in securing the outcome i had hoped for – the charges against me have been dropped. from the very first moment i reached out to you, i was impressed by your professionalism and the way you handled every aspect of my case. your deep understanding of the legal intricacies, your strategic thinking, and your ability to navigate the complexities of the legal system were truly remarkable. your guidance and reassurance provided me with the strength and confidence to face this challenging period of my life. throughout the process, you exhibited not only your legal prowess but also a genuine care for my well-being. your frequent updates and clear communication ensured that i was always well-informed about the progress of my case. your attention to detail and dedication to building a strong defense strategy were truly commendable. i cannot express enough how relieved and grateful i am for the outcome you were able to achieve. your relentless pursuit of justice has given me a new lease on life, and i can now move forward with renewed hope and optimism. thank you once again for your exceptional legal representation. your skills, dedication, and compassion have made an indelible mark on my life. i will always be indebted to you for your efforts in helping me regain my freedom and reputation. please convey my gratitude to your entire team. your combined efforts truly make a difference in the lives of your clients, and i am fortunate to have had the opportunity to work with all of you. wishing you continued success and all the best in your future endeavors. i look forward to crossing paths again, hopefully under much happier circumstances. with sincere gratitude, kc			read moreread less 
keith campbell
 9/18/2023









 			brian and cassandra are incredibly knowledgeable and thorough. they are diligent through every step of the process for the best possible outcome. would absolutely hire them again!			read moreread less 
sara elizabeth
 7/22/2023











 			great staff. take care of alll your needs			read moreread less 
ralf ski
 6/04/2023









 			i would definitely recommend this law firm! a special thanks to brian, cassandra and heather for their knowledge, professionalism and hard work to get me the best possible outcome for my case. mistakes are a part of life and this team of hard working professionals get it and get the job done! thanks again for all of the help i received from your firm!			read moreread less 
vincent cerrone
 5/23/2023











 			brian, cassandra. and heather were a blessing from the lord! we have spoken to several different attorneys throughout this ordeal, but none have been as profesional and yet courteous and understanding as they. you cannot ask a question that they will not try their best to address, and they will in no way make one feel uncomfortable or inferior. they made a difficult situation much more bearable, and they are easily accesible and promptly respond to calls. emails, etc... we never once felt like they were treating our loved one like another "case" but that they were committed to do everything legally possible to ensure the best outcome one could expect. finding a profesional who loves people and their work, more than a paycheck in these days is not an easy task, but we are convinced that god put it all together! so brian, we thank you for your expertise, and sincerity from day one. we would not hesitate to recommend you to anyone. cassandra, we almost felt like we knew you when it was over, sad in a way, because we considered you a friend. such a joy to deal with, always answering calls or emails, going out of your way to help our loved one! heather, you brighten any day because you are always positive and cordial, and never once answered in an abrasive or unkind way. not much more we say other than, "thank you all so much!" any person who finds himself/herself in a bad place with the law would be making a wise decision by reaching out to brian h. mallonee!			read moreread less 
paula goins
 4/01/2023









 			thank you for your assistance on my case no one let me know what really was going on with my driving privileges.			read moreread less 
sean bacchus
 2/14/2023






read more reviewsfree dui survival guidebrian mallonee has successfully represented hundreds of good people charged with dui for more than 20 years. download his dui survival guide if you want more information on what you might expect while being prosecuted for a dui in florida.download nowmake sure your story is told -- the right way.schedule a free consulation




law office of brian h. mallonee 
130 s indian river dr ste 302
fort pierce, fl 34950 
 
phone: (772) 464-1991
 
directionsquick linkshomeprofilepractice areascase resultsreviewsblogcontactfinancingpay nowareas of focusstate crimes & chargesdui & criminal traffic chargesprobation violations & defenseschild pornography chargescomputer solicitation of a minorsex crimes & chargesjuvenile offensesappealsfederal crimes & chargesdrugs & narcotics chargesviolent & gun crime chargespost-conviction reliefserving these florida countiesindian river:
sebastian
vero beach
gifford
fellsmere


martin:
hobe sound
jensen beach
stuart
indiantown


st. lucie:
fort pierce
port st. lucie
 
okeechobeethe hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience. the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. © 2006 - 2024 law office of brian h. mallonee. all rights reserved.site by think different designs.

homeprofilepractice areas← backdui & criminal traffic chargesdrugs & narcotics chargeschild pornography chargescomputer solicitation of a minorcriminal defense appealsfederal crimes & chargesjuvenile offenses & criminal defensepost-conviction reliefprobation violations & defensessex crimes & chargesstate crimes & chargesviolent & gun crime chargescase results← backcomputer and sex crimesdui and criminal trafficdrug and narcotics chargestheft and property crimesviolations of probation (vop) / miscellaneous crimesviolent and gun crimesblogcontact
 
 



















