



dehlendorf & company - real estate brokers and developers of residential subdivisions in columbus, ohio.











dehlendorf & company





real estate brokers and developers of residential subdivisions in the central

ohio area


since 1972




home
constuction - dehlco construction services.  restore, remodel, reinvent
past 
      projects
brokerage services - if you 
      are looking to buy or sell your home or property check to see how we can 
      help you with our discounted services.  we have over 35 years of 
      experience.

sagamore pond -
      31 lot subdivision in violet 
      township, fairfield county east of saylor road on the north side of stemen road.  these large lots (up to 1+ acres) have all utilities and are thoughtfully deed restricted to protect property values.  many cul de 
      sac and pond lots.  side load garages will be required.  design your own home for 
      construction by a bia builder member.  prices start in 
      the $90's

auld ridge-
located in licking county, south of granville this community will feature 54 home sites on 163+/- acres, with 24.5 +/- 
      acres of common area open space. auld ridge will offer the ultimate in 
      privacy, a boulevard entrance passing a tranquil pond, traffic rotaries, 
      and home sites ranging from 2.2 to 4.4 +/- acres. 
phase ii now available with great wooded 
      walkout lots available!!!  
notable completed projects:  
timber creek- 
      a spectacular  100-acre site
      featuring 60 acres of woods, 65' of topography, and over 4,000' of
      frontage on the lobdell creek. just southeast of johnstown. homesites from 
      $44,600. lot sizes from 2.8 to 7.7 acres. northridge and johnstown 
      schools. 30 minutes from downtown.  sold out!

clear creek crossing-
the ultimate in privacy. a
      gated community of 14 wooded homesites overlooking the blacklick creek.
      lots from $119,900. lot
      sizes 1.0 to 1.6 acres. gahanna schools. all utilities. 
      sold out!
the wright farm- 
another beautiful site just
      south of johnstown, with great views across the raccoon creek valley.
      features include: walk out basements, 14 acre private park along the banks of
      the creek, 25 minutes from downtown. homesites from $47,000. lot sizes
      from 3.0 to 7.5 acres. johnstown schools. sold 
      out!

bennington highland- located 
      in licking county 7 miles northeast of johnstown on rt. 62. many wooded
      lots, nice views. lots range in size from 1.6 to 3.2 acres. homesites from
      $37,000. northridge schools. 35 minutes from downtown. 
      sold out!
the border place- 
      we are 
      currently offering lots for sale in phase 1 of this  318-lot 
      community located in pataskala, ohio. 
      licking heights schools. all utilities.  sold out!  
      for homesite information please contact 
      maronda homes.
jefferson country club- 
located in jefferson township. franklin county, ohio.  
      previously owned and developed by principals of dehlendorf & company and 
      others.  the dehlendorf family are founding members.
kylemore- 
a 40 lot development located in
      pataskala. licking heights schools. from $33,900.  
      sold out!
muirfield village- 

      located in dublin, ohio.  muirfield limited.  the general 
      partner of muirfield limited was owned (in part) by the founder of 
      dehlendorf & company.
wedgewoood country club- 
located in liberty township, delaware county, ohio.  
      all lots and all memberships sold out.  the dehlendorf family are 
      founding members.

wolf creek- 
       
      a private trout fishing club located in coshocton county which also offers biking, bird watching, cabin rentals, fly fishing, hiking, hunting and limited spin fishing. 

406 e. johnstown rd - a spectacular completely renovated farm house located in the heart of gahanna on ~2.5 acres.

dehlendorf & company
	        7459 spanish bay ct
            blacklick, oh  43004
email




other products & services we offer











land planning

historic renovations

 commercial construction


looking for financing??  for 
      some truly great financing options click the mortgage center link:

 
dehlendorf & company and affiliates has been involved in 
      the development of over 10,000 single family lots.
principals of dehlendorf & company had an interest and role in the 
      development of the muirfield village golf & country club community in 
      dublin, ohio, the wedgewood golf and country club community in liberty 
      township, delaware county, ohio and the jefferson county club community in 
      jefferson township, franklin county, ohio.
dehlendorf & 
      company has played a major role in developments from ohio to massachusetts 
      to california to florida.   
  contacts 
  matthew dehlendorf-
      development, lot sales, brokerage services  michael b
      dehlendorf- land acquisition
laura dehlendorf-
      office manager  click here to learn more about our past projects 
         
       
dehlendorf & company 
ph. 614-554-4661
email  
       




although the information contained herein is thought to 
      be accurate neither dehlendorf & company or any of its affiliated 
      companies guarantees its accuracy or completeness.




?2009 dehlendorf & company.  
        all rights reserved


lacoste women shoes
nike shox 2010
nike air force one 25th
timberland classic boots
timberland mens boots
lebron vii
paul smith uk





