




















glass shower enclosures & medicine cabinets - century bathworks






















































 


















product brochures and price books
photo gallery
products

frameless shower doors

glasstec series


semi-frameless shower doors

centec series


framed shower doors

brassline series (brass)
lucette series (aluminum)


medicine cabinets


product care & information

diamon-fusion®: shower door glass coating
showerguard®: shower door glass coating
shower door care and cleaning
measuring guides
spec sheets and installation guides
product warranty


about us

our history
sales team
contact century
careers


blog
find a dealer
 











 


https://www.traditionrolex.com/28 
for residential and hospitality use

emailfacebookinstagramyoutube1.800.524.2578 











 


 


 





century bathworks glass shower enclosures & medicine cabinets





century bathworks glass shower enclosures & medicine cabinets 


 
frameless shower doors




semi-frameless shower doors





 
framed shower doors



 
medicine cabinets










for over 60 years, century bathworks has been the home to a selection of high-quality glass shower enclosures and medicine cabinets, which few, if any competitor can match. it’s a business built on your specifications with a wide array of glass choices, hardware choices and decorative finishes to meet your specific needs and desires. there’s a reason why we’re known as “the innovators.” we were the first with the semi-frameless sliders and safety clip concepts that have become industry standards. that innovation continues today with top-quality, installer-friendly medicine cabinets. need a different size? no problem. century can build it for you.








 



find a dealer 
protects the glass from the build up of soap scum and hard water deposits and reduces the cleaning time by at least 50%.
learn more 






 



care & cleaning 
how to care for your century bathworks aluminum, brass and glass shower products.
learn more 








 



measuring guides 
download appropriate form as a guide and return it to an authorized century bathworks dealer.
download guides 






 



spec sheets & installation guides 
find spec sheets and installation guides for your century bathworks product.
download guides 








 



diamon-fusion 
protects the glass from the build up of soap scum and hard water deposits and reduces the cleaning time by at least 50%.
learn more 






 



showerguard 
showerguard® glass is permanently sealed for lasting beauty with minimal care.
learn more 















i’ve been meaning to send these pictures of the grid works enclosure that you fabricated for us. the enclosure fit perfectly as usual, but i have to commend production on the b-70 window cover. they went above and beyond fabricating that item.


russ




i have been selling century bathworks shower doors and medicine cabinets exclusively for 25 years. the quality and diverse product lines are unmatched. century’s customer service is superior, their response is always quick and they are always eager to help me succeed.


patti o’neill




it is our opinion that century produces the highest quality enclosures in the industry. their sales staff is very knowledgeable and always very helpful with the design of shower doors for all applications and openings. they are a great company to work with!


joseph zuppardo




we could not be happier with the final result. our house was built in 1926 and it has the style and charm but two of our bathrooms needed updating. thank you for doing such a great job. i will highly recommend you to all my neighbors, colleagues and friends.


scott h






















  


1.800.524.2578 




© copyright 2025 century bathworks, all rights reserved.




































