



 






sacred merkaba techniques – the dance of love and light


















































































home
about

what is a merkaba?
founders
love energy techniques


classes

beginners at home recordings
experiences in enlightenment classes
activator class
starfire healer class
teacher class


articles
products

recordings & techniques
sacred healing salves
books
crystal teraphim pouches
love energized essences


store
contact us
français














what is a merkaba?
a merkaba is a love oriented dance of energy that expands the size of the consciousness in one’s light body to a love-love light body so one may activate 7 merkabas from the angelic to solar sun level in this universe and experience multiple dimensional levels simultaneously… read more 


founders
ga ra and za ra are the sacred names of the founders. ga ra cognised the sacred merkaba techniques in 1997 as gary smith and was joined by za ra in 2012 when they began co-teaching their sacred merkaba love energy techniques… read more 


love energy techniques
hear wisdom to self heal your emotional body. learn techniques that enable you to attain and retain enlightenment. activate multiple merkabas. consciously experience visiting higher dimensional levels of consciousness in this universe… read more


classes
we teach one to activate 2 merkabas in our activator classes, 4 merkabas in our starfire healer classes, and offer advanced wisdom on how to activate 7 merkabas in our teacher classes… read more

















love is an energy
love can be either conditional or unconditional. all 3rd dimensional love is conditional. all 4th and higher dimensional level love is unconditional. read how you can use your 3rd dimensional brain to access the energies of unconditional love that open your 4th dimensional mind… read more 


articles
our articles section contains various subjects that ga ra has written in order to explain the esoteric secrets about different aspects of life from teraphim, sacred beeswax to the reason why one dreams of falling from a great height and wakes up before hitting the ground… read more 


sacred healing salves
our unique balms are created with ancient healing recipes where unity consciousness healing energies of unconditional love are infused into the ingredients during a series of ceremonies. special power prayers and healing mantras are included in this unique package for self healing one’s body and mind… read more 


weekly love fest
sacred merkaba love energy techniques practitioners world-wide gather together online every month with the founders to expand their consciousness in various ways with the energies of unconditional love… read more

 

recordings
we offer our love energy techniques basic at home seminar series of recordings to those who wish to move on to experiencing activating one or more of their merkabas, or simply for personal enjoyment. we also offer other recordings by our founders and unique soothing musical recordings… read more 
 


see all products
for our entire product line of healing products such as recordings and techniques, books and healing salves, enter our online store… click here! 


 
 

guided time travel adventures
experience guided time travel adventures giving one the unique opportunity to energetically bond with 4 record keeper crystals.



 

 




recent articles

are you an ancient one?
karma and stress cause 99% of health problems
seer stones, speaking stones and record keeper crystals
jupiter’s amazing auroras of unconditional love energies
our unconditional love energizing healing chamber
 
free love energy technique	
add love energies to your brain’s 3rd dimensional energies of happiness so you may enjoy your mind’s 4th dimensional energies of joy with our free love energy technique. email us and we will send you the free technique.
email us 
love in action	
our charitable work focuses on healing, feeding and educating vulnerable and destitute children in south african shanty towns.
read more 

subscribe
sign up for our newsletters and announcements

email address *

first name *


leave this field empty if you're human: 


 



                     © sacred merkaba techniques & gary smith, 2024
                









































