






















iml - home











image/svg+xml




institute of machine learning and neural computation







sciencepassiontechnologytugraz logologo of the tugraz




 iml








menü
institute



about uscontactteamopen positionsbilai jobsinternimage/svg+xmlteaching



winter semestersummer semesterprojects and thesesimage/svg+xmlresearch



institute research interestsinstitute research projectsinstitute publicationsinstitute software projectsimage/svg+xmlpeople



prof. legensteinresearchteachingprojectspublicationsprof. peharzteachingpublicationsprof. kernteachingpublicationsprof. aurenhammerteachingprojectspublicationsprof. maassteamimage/svg+xml
















			© tugraz/iml
		






















welcome to the
institute of machine learning and neural computation
at tu graz
the institute of machine learning and neural computation was founded in 1992
(formerly named institute of theoretical computer science) to investigate fundamental problems in information processing such as the design of computer algorithms, the complexity of computations and computational models, automated knowledge acquisition (machine learning), the complexity of learning algorithms, pattern recognition with artificial neural networks, computational geometry, and information processing in biological neural systems.
its research integrates methods from mathematics, computer science and computational neuroscience.
in education this institute is responsible for courses and seminars that introduce students into the basic techniques and results of theoretical computer science. in addition it offers advanced courses, seminars and applied computer projects in computational geometry, computational complexity theory, machine learning, and neural networks.















					news
				












					article in nature communications 16, article no. 1243 (2025)
				



february 2025: thomas ortner, horst petschenig, athanasios vasilopoulos, roland renner, špela brglez, thomas limbacher, enrique piñero, alejandro linares-barranco, angeliki pantazi & robert legenstein
rapid learning with phase-change memory-based in-memory computing through learning-to-learn
link to article
 









					article in nature communications 16, article no. 342 (2025)
				



january 2025: yujie wu & wolfgang maass
a simple model for behavioral time scale synaptic plasticity (btsp) provides content addressable memory with binary synapses and one-shot learning
link to article









					new name of institute
				



1.january 2025: "new name of institute"
we happily announce that the name of the institute changed from
"institute of theoretical computerscience" to
"institute of machine learning and neural computation" 
also changing the short version from igi to iml
this webpage is now accessable under
https://www.iml.tugraz.at and under
https://www.tugraz.at/institute/iml









					fwf portrait
				



oktober 2024: "inspiration is one of the most important components"
robert legenstein is developing intelligent computers based on the human brain.
https://scilog.fwf.ac.at/en/magazine/inspiration-is-one-of-the-most-important-components (en)
https://scilog.fwf.ac.at/magazin/inspiration-ist-eine-der-wichtigsten-zutaten (de)







more news ...








to top










image/svg+xml





information about the institute




news




article in nature communications 16, article no. 1243 (2025)




article in nature communications 16, article no. 342 (2025)




new name of institute




fwf portrait










				contact
			

image/svg+xml



institute of machine learning and neural computation
inffeldgasse 16b/i
8010 graz
phone: +43 (0) 316 / 873 - 5811
office.iml@tugraz.at

head
univ.-prof. dipl.-ing. dr. techn. robert legenstein









legal notice, privacy policy


accept all cookies
save preferences

  cookie-categories:
    functional
analysis
marketing

  we use cookies in order to be able to provide you with the best possible service in the future. in the privacy policy you will find further information as well as the possibility of withdrawal.









