

















home | st. innocent/firebird  videos, audios & books






 










 
 


 





 











 
 





































firebird videos, audios & books
 st. innocent monastic community
 redford, michigan











menu
home
contact
firebird products
dvds


i. videos/dvd's in english

ve-1a. life of st. innocent of alaska
ve-2. orthodoxy in alaska, liturgy in anchorage
ve-3. pilgrimage to holy russia
ve-4. kursk korennaya icon feast
ve-5. russia: beautiful & faithful
ve-6. under the protection of grace
ve-7. trinity-sergius lavra monastery
ve-8. moscow: pages of history
ve-9. the spirit of st. petersburg
ve-10. how to make an orthodox prayer rope
ve-11. how to make orthodox prosfora
ve-12. dormition monastery
ve-13. orthodoxy sunday vespers
ve-14. lecture: yugoslavia, met. christopher
ve-15. lecture: abp. nathaniel
ve-16. ascent to heaven
ve-17. what is the proskomedia?
ve-18. romanovs: life of st. elizabeth
ve-19. the great church: christ the savior cathedral
ve-20. andrei rublev icon museum
ve-21. speculation in paint
ve-22. ancient russian icons
ve-23. orthodox st. petersburg
ve-24. pskov men's monastery
ve-25. entrance-oyatskaya women's monastery
ve-26. st. xenia: her tomb & smolensk church
ve-27. bp. irineu, consecration liturgy
ve-28. bp. irineu, consecration vespers
ve-29. bp. irineu, consecration, banquet
ve-30. bp. irineu, consecration, complete

ii. videos/dvd's: divine services in russia

vs-1. siberia: holy cross feast
vs-2. in a russian country church
vs-3. evening echoes from a russian cathedral
vs-4. millennium celebration
vs-5. voronezh services
vs-6. moscow liturgy
vs-7. consecration of christ the savior cathedral

iii. videos: performances in russia

vp-1. siberian folk theatre

iv. videos: in russian

vr-1. romanovs: life of st. elizabeth
vr-2. ancient russian icons
vr-3. andrei rublev icon museum
vr-4. speculation in paint
vr-5. let your face shine upon us, o god
vr-6. spiritual life in art: 5 artists
vr-7. the church: orthodox life in russia today
vr-8. orthodox world: 3 programs
vr-9. father: st. john of kronstadt
vr-10. in memory of matushka fekla
vr-11. holy week & pascha
vr-12. dormition feast, pskov monastery
vr-13. pskov-pechersky monastery
vr-14. nativity-konyevits monastery
vr-15. entrance-oyatskaya monastery
vr-16. entrance-optina monastery
vr-17. st. varlaam of khutyn monastery
vr-18. valdai-iveron icon monastery
vr-19. protection-tervenicheski monastery
vr-20. st. alexander svirsky monastery
vr-21. old valaam monastery
vr-22. novospaski monastery, moscow
vr-23. the great  church of russia, moscow
vr-24. christ the savior cathedral
vr-25. orthodox st. petersburg
vr-26. smolensk icon church / st. xenia
vr-27. st. xenia's tomb, smolensk cemetery
vr-28. kazan cathedral, st. petersburg
vr-29. prince st. vladimir church, spb
vr-30. st. nicholas-theophany cathedral, spb
vr-31. job the long-suffering church, spb



cds


a1. the 150 psalms of david
a2. a treasury of orthodox prayers, vol.1
a3. daily prayers & annunciation akathist
a4. communion preparation prayers
a5. akathists, glory to god & resurrection
a6. akathists, holy communion & jesus christ
a7. treasury of orthodox prayers, vol. 2
v8. akathists, st. xenia & st. seraphim
v9. life of st. mary of egypt
a10. akathists, st. herman & st. innocent of alaska
a11. akathists, st. nicholas & st. john the theologian
a12. indication of the way, by st. innocent
a13. journey back to the 2nd & 3rd century church
a14. what men live by, by leo tolstoi


books


b-1. the orthodox church & society
b-2. orthodox saints: lives & icons
b-3. daily prayers
b-4. the orthodox church's vision of unity
b-5. christmas play w/carols for children
b-6. the artistic unity of the roc
b-7. dancing in the presence
b-8. visions of love & life & beauty


pamphlets


p-1. holy matrimony
p-2. holy baptism
p-3. holy confession


orders
about orthodoxy





































firebird
videos, audios & books 
producers of multi-media educational materials
about the orthodox faith and practice
 
a ministry of the st. innocent monastic community
9452 hazelton, redford, mi  48239-1138
website: https://stinnocentmonastery.org 
 
 31 years of service: 1992-2023
 

























❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ 
welcome to our website!
 
(please be patient while we finish constructing our new site & installing a shopping cart.)
❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈ ❈




















about our mission
firebird videos's mission is to create a variety of high-quality educational materials, especially dvd's (videos), about the orthodox christian faith and practice, and its diverse cultural expressions, for educational use by those who are already orthodox, and for mission outreach to those who are seeking to learn more about the historic 2,000-year-old church established by christ himself. firebird's ministry also seeks to assist people who wish to enhance their own personal prayer/spiritual life, by providing audio recordings of chanted prayers and psalms, and dvd's of divine services. these also provide a service to the sight-impaired, home-bound, elderly and those who live far from an orthodox church.
about our company
firebird is an educational ministry of the st. innocent monastic community in redford, michigan. firebird produces and distributes dvd's (videos), audio recordings (cd's), books and pamphlets about different aspects of the orthodox church — its faith, history, practices, sacred arts, liturgical and spiritual life, saints' lives, and its different ethnic and cultural expressions.  creating and distributing these educational items is our primary ministry. we are america's primary producer of: orthodox videos in english; audio recordings of chanted prayers, akathists and psalms in english; divine services in russia; and a supplier of videos made in russia about the orthodox church. we intend for our work to express the unity-within-diversity of orthodox christianity, and to contribute to promoting unity in america among the different ethnic expressions of the one orthodox faith.
about our products
as of may 2018, we offer 112 items: 87 dvd's and vhs videos; 14 audio recordings; 8 printed books and 3 pamphlets.

a. videos: dvd's & vhs
our diverse 24 dvd's plus 63 other vhs videotapes in english and in russian range in subject matter from the life of st. innocent of alaska; to divine services in russia, alaska and michigan; to how to make orthodox prayer ropes and prosfora; to the history, sacred arts, monasteries, churches and other places in russia; and to the present day life of the orthodox church and her faithful in russia. we have produced english voice-overs of 9 of the outstanding russian-made videos about the orthodox church that we distribute. most of our english videos and divine services are available on dvd. our future new dvd's will focus primarily on providing overall general education about the orthodox faith, in our long-term series, "what in the world is the orthodox church?"



b. audio recordings
we offer 14 audio recordings. these are our own all-english productions, that include the complete chanted psalms (orthodox study bible translation) in a set of 4 cassettes; and 8 cassettes of chanted prayers and akathist hymns; and the indication of the way into the kingdom of heaven, written by st. innocent of alaska. we are in the process of converting these recordings from cassette to cd.



c. books
our 8 books make the orthodox faith understandable and accessible to the thoughtful reader.

d. pamphlets
our 3 pamphlets enable you to take advantage of the valuable educational mission opportunity that occurs at weddings, baptisms and first confessions, by clearly explaining the meaning of the major elements of each of these 3 sacraments / mysteries.

























our company profile
firebird videos, audios & books is a michigan non-profit 501(c)(3) corporation founded and incorporated in june 1988 (originally with the name of russian treasures, inc.), whose purpose is to produce educational and religious materials. in february 1992, firebird videos, audios & books began producing videos, audios and books, as a legally registered michigan dba (doing business as), of russian treasures. in 2007 the irs officially changed our name from russian treasures to st. innocent monastic (religious) community, of which firebird videos, audios & books is a legally registered michigan dba. 
firebird videos is guided by the board of directors of the st. innocent monastic community, comprised of priests and lay people of diverse backgrounds.
the head bishops/metropolitans of a number of ethnic jurisdictions of the orthodox church in north america gave their blessings and endorsement of our work, especially for the development of the two new video series for orthodox education we have begun: the lives of orthodox saints and what in the world is the orthodox church? (to read the narration texts for the latter's first four programs, click here: https://stinnocentmonastery.org/whatintheworldistheorthodoxchurch 
 
 

























why the name "firebird"?
our name is derived from one of the most popular of all russian folk tales — the firebird. the story is about a simple and humble maiden whose embroidery work was the most beautiful in all the world.  she rejected all offers of riches and glory for her handiwork.  one day a wicked sorcerer came to the maiden, disguised as a handsome youth, trying to lure her away with promises of untold wealth and marvels, to embroider for him alone.  when she refused, he turned her into a firebird, and, turning himself into a falcon, carried her away.  but the maiden wanted to leave something of beauty behind, and so, as she died in the falcon's claws, she shed all of her magnificent feathers, which floated down to the earth.  however, they were no ordinary feathers, but magical ones, which only those who love beauty, and who seek to make beauty for others, can see and admire.  
firebird videos, audios & books is dedicated to making beauty for others, and to making known the profound beauty that exists in the orthodox church: in all aspects of the unsurpassed splendor of her divine worship and wealth of her prayers; her icons, music, architecture and other sacred arts; and the beauty of holiness found in the lives of her saints, and in the spiritual depths of the orthodox faith.





















st. innocent of alaska monastic community
visit: https://stinnocentmonastery.org 

educational and spiritual articles about the orthodox faith
to see our numerous articles about the orthodox faith, please go to the "articles," "saints lives," and other 7 sections on the st. innocent monastery website: https://stinnocentmonastery.org  as of february 15th, 2020, there are 107 articles of varying lengths: essays, saints' lives, prayers, meditations about many different subjects.
















powered by orthodox web solutions
home | back | print | top





















