



sprinco usa -- recoil solutions


















home
recoil management systems
plate+™
recoil springs
machine gunner's lube™

ar platform

buffer springs
extractor springs
ejector springs
gas rings
extractor spring inserts & o-rings
flat wire magazine springs


distributors / international sales
contact























❮
❯





welcome to sprinco usa
welcome to sprinco usa! our pledge to you is a bottom line commitment to customer satisfaction, exceptional quality, and unequalled service.
our recoil management systems are the finest on the market. they actually make a difference... ask any of the top shooters that use our product!
enjoy looking around our site and if we can help you out, e-mail or call us! best of luck to you and your shooting!








what makes our springs unique
all of our springs are constructed from certified chrome silicon wirestock to iso 9001:2015 quality standards to withstand extreme heat and highly cyclic rate. the certification rating ensures a consistency in the parent material of 95%,
					which translates to repeatable consistency in performance & function. certified valve quality chrome silicon wire is used in very high stress applications such as, nascar, formula one, moto gp & pro stock racing motor valve springs. it is
					not uncommon in some of these applications for valve springs to see 15,000,000 compression cycles in one race. it is this extraordinary capability that makes chrome silicon wire the obvious choice in our spring production vs. music wire or
					17-7 ph used in oem springs and by most aftermarket competitors. in addition, all of our chrome silicon buffer springs are heat treated, stress relieved, and dual-stage shot peened in separate post winding treatments. we also treat each
					spring with a proprietary, deep-penetrating, re-micronized (to .3 micron particle size), inhibited, molybdenum-disulfide (mos2) formulation to eliminate 90% of all mechanical wear on the spring. the combination of materials & processes
					result in a loss of no more than 5% in spring efficiency. the minimum anticipated duty cycles of our buffer spring designs are in excess of 1,500,000 cycles.
we take our extractor springs one step further with the addition of cryogenic processing. this computerized, ultra low temperature process (-320â°f) increases the strength & wear life of the parent material through a change in
					microstructure resulting in less retained austenite and more uniformity in grain structure.
why cryogenics for the extractor spring and not our other springs? due to the size of the extractor spring, high stress cyclic rates and asymmetrical temperature exposure, premature wear and or shortened spring life can occur. cryogenics
					effectively combats these issues giving the spring a very predictable & uniform performance within the operation of the weapon cycle.
while we really don't know how long our extractor springs will last, round counts in excess of 200,000 rounds (ongoing) are documented on a single extractor spring. we have 5-coil extra power, 4-coil enhanced power, and extra power .308
					dual spring sets in our comprehensive extractor spring lineup below. neither our extractor springs, nor any other commercially available extractor springs are shot peened due to the unfeasible cost of manual labor and wire fixturing of such
					tiny springs in a complex process.





sprinco usa

					orders: 1.800.397.9530
					inquiries: 512.331.8797
					fax: 512.331.9172

					email: info@sprinco.com

					7804 danz blvd.
					austin, tx 78724
				

tactical springs, llc

					orders: 1.866.515.2715
					inquiries: 512.926.3100
					fax: 512.331.9172

					email: info@tacticalsprings.com

					7804 danz blvd.
					austin, tx 78724
				





international orders
we do not accept any individual orders outside the united states or its territories. we ship strictly to united states and u.s. territory addresses only. export of the commodities described herein is strictly prohibited without a valid
					export license issued by the u.s. department of state, office of defense trade controls, prescribed in the international traffic in arms regulation (itar). we are unable to ship these items to foreign addresses, including apo/fpo addresses
					for deployed service members.
reloading international (miken, inc.) (retail & commercial) and ranier arms(retail) are authorized exporters of tactical springs llc / sprinco usa products. please go here for contact information.















proudly made in the usawe support our troops





home page |
distributors/international sales |
contact |

returns |
privacy policy |

 e-mail sprinco usa |
























