























home | vetmedin uk


















      skip to main content
    
















main navigation



                        home
                                            




                        dogs with mvd
                                            




                        dogs with dcm
                                            




                        resting respiratory rate
                                            




                        about vetmedin®










 

























give them more time with vetmedin®
the only licensed medication for asymptomatic heart disease in dogs. proven to keep dogs symptom free for longer.1,2






 














welcome to vetmedin®
vetmedin® is prescribed by vets to treat heart disease in dogs, specifically mitral valve disease (mvd) and dilated cardiomyopathy (dcm).keep reading to learn more about mvd and dcm, how vetmedin® can benefit your dog, and what else you can do to help them. 











 






your dog has been prescribed vetmedin®, find out more below.


















mitral valve disease (mvd)
has your dog been diagnosed with mvd? find out everything you need to know about mvd and what you can do to help your dog.





learn more



















dilated cardiomyopathy (dcm)
has your dog has been diagnosed with dcm? find out everything you need to know about dcm and what you can do to help your dog.





learn more



















how vetmedin®  can help
still have some unanswered questions about treatment? discover answers to frequently asked questions.





learn more



















resting respiratory rate (rrr)
it is helpful to regularly measure your dog’s resting respiratory rate at home. watch our how-to video for more information.





learn more







 




















are you a veterinary surgeon or nurse?
the boehringer academy offers unlimited access to hundreds of free educational resources for veterinary professionals, including independent cpd webinars which are available to view on demand at your convenience. 


visit site





 







references





[1] boswood, a. et al. effect of pimobendan in dogs with preclinical myxomatous mitral valve disease and cardiomegaly: the epic study – a randomized clinical trial. j vet intern med. 2016;30, 1765-1779.




[2] summerfield, n. et al. efficacy of pimobendan in the prevention of congestive heart failure or sudden death in doberman pinschers with preclinical dilated cardiomyopathy (the protect study). j vet intern med. 2012;26(6), 1337-49.






























vetmedin® contains pimobendan. uk: pom-v ie: pom. advice should be sought from the prescriber. further information available in the spc or from boehringer ingelheim animal health uk ltd., rg12 8ys, uk. tel: 01344 746957. email: petsuk@boehringer-ingelheim.com.vetmedin® a registered trademark of boehringer ingelheim vetmedica gmbh, used under licence. ©2025 boehringer ingelheim animal health uk ltd. all rights reserved. date of preparation: may 2024. can-0130-2023. use medicines responsibly.








footer


terms of use


privacy policy


cookie policy


sitemap




©2025 boehringer ingelheim animal health uk ltd.









welcome to the vetmedin® website for dog owners
vetmedin® is a prescription only medicine. this site is provided as an information service for owners of dogs prescribed vetmedin® by a veterinary surgeon.please choose one of the following options to continue:



                  
                  my dog has been prescribed vetmedin®


                    
                    my dog has not been prescribed vetmedin®










