





home - spellmann and associatesspellmann and associates
































806.282.8311


















toggle navigation














home
speaker
videos
contact














 

the most engaging speaker i’ve ever seen…

learn more about eric



 

check out his award-winning videos!

watch now










let me know when eric releases new videos!












make the most of your online marketing!


check out his amazing videos!






topics he is frequently asked to speak on include




how to rank well on google

learn more




using social media profitably in business

learn more




how to generate leads with your website

learn more













who is eric?
eric has established himself as a leader in helping customers meet their online goals through practical, hands-on-application. in addition, he is a featured speaker at a number of national technology conferences. his unique style appeals to all levels of audiences. he is often hired to convey technically challenging topics to non-technical people. he is often labeled a "technology evangelist."
his free online marketing videos continue to go viral with over 1.7 million views and climbing.








eric spellmann is a featured speaker at a number of national conferences. his online marketing video series is one of the most popular on the subject and tens of thousands of fans follow his national video blogs. below are quotes taken from evals from some recent conferences:



"eric is an excellent presenter with a close sensitivity to our client base. his open and sharing "giveitallaway" style of presentation is very much appreciated and respected."

"eric does an awesome job! i love his off-the-cuff examples that help reinforce what he is teaching."

"eric always has practical, usable techniques. some he learned the hard way so i don't have to!"



download eric´s press kit










 | 2021 - all rights reserved  |  privacy policy



follow eric:








website design and marketing by uci digital




scroll







