






nrg resources inc. | safety and technical consulting and training services to the natural gas, propane, and fuel oil industries.






















416-819-5352















home
about me
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 















fairwell from nrg resources 
dear valued customers and esteemed industry partners,
it is with a deep sense of gratitude that we announce the closure of nrg resources inc. and the retirement of it founder and owner, rod corea, who has had the privilege of serving as a leading provider of safety and technical consulting and training services to the natural gas, propane, and fuel oil industries. 
throughout our years of operation, nrg resources has strived to provide unparalleled expertise and comprehensive training for industrial users of hydrocarbon fueled appliances, as well as contractors and technicians seeking guidance on working with larger input fuel-fired appliances.  it has been our unwavering commitment to ensure safety, technical excellence and customer satisfaction.
we are filled with a deep appreciation for the trust and support our clients have placed in us.  it is their loyalty and partnership that have propelled us forward, making nrg resources a respected name in the industry.  we want to express our deepest gratitude to our clients and students through the years.  your trust, collaboration, and unwavering support have been the driving force behind our success.  we are humbled by the opportunity to have served you and proud of the contributions we have made together.  may the knowledge and experiences gained from our time together serve as a solid foundation for your ongoing success.

 

register for a course










based in thornbury ontario canada, nrg resources inc. became federally incorporated in 2003. a new company, nrg grew out of a sole-proprietorship, fuel safe, and is built upon years of experience in the fuel-fired appliance service industry and training industry.
the owner of nrg resources inc., rod corea, actively organizes and works with a network of industry experts to solve clients needs related to fuel equipment and fuel training across canada.
rod is a gas technician 1, oil burner technician 1, liquid propane fitter and petroleum mechanic 1/2/3 certificate holder with 40 years experience in the oil and gas industry – 12 years of which he was employed at the technical standards and safety authority (tssa) as a fuels safety inspector, training program developer, and training consultant. he has taught technical training courses to over 7,000 technicians.
rod has written or co-written and delivered the following training programs:

gas technician 1 manual and training program
gas technician 2 manual and training program
gas technician 3 manual and training program
gas pipe fitter manual and training program
union gas g.3, gp, gut-2, gut-1 training programs
oil burner technician manuals for the oil institute of learning
obt-3/-2 manual and training program for skilled tradespersons
oil pipe training manual for mechanical contractors association of ontario
fuel gas safety course and imt training programs for ontario power generation
gas technician update workshop handbook for csa / tssa
oil burner technician update workshop handbook for tssa
home study video program for oil burner technician update workshop
the fuel safe manual: a handbook for the fuels safety workshop
foreman course for the national association of union schools and colleges (nausc)
steward course for the national association of union schools and colleges (nausc)
p.i.p.e.s. rigging course for the national association of union schools and colleges (nausc)

nrg resources also provides consultation services including safety audits, training assessments, and development of preventative maintenance procedures and check lists.  see the nrg resources inc. instructor profile for rod corea here.










thornbury, on, canada416-819-5352





 
























