


the institute of classical five-element acupuncture

































home
   |  
  training opportunities
   |  
  treatments
   |  
  faculty
   |  
   testimony
   |  
   payments
   |  
  articles & media
   |  
  mailing list
   | 
  contact


















patient consultation seminar


patient consultation seminar with neil r. gumenick and hilary skellon november 17 - 18, 2023 at the institute of taoist education and acupuncture, in louisville, co. click here for more information and registration.

» register here



















beginning the journey™

beginning the journey™ is a two-day in-depth introduction to the heart and soul of classical five-element acupuncture, appropriate for practitioners and non-practitioners alike.

presented by professor neil r. gumenick, m.ac. (uk), l.ac., dipl. ac.

15 ca category 1 ceus and pdas pending


"this course brought light and faith back into my life. neil is honestly the best teacher i have ever had the honor of meeting and learning from."
                 
  ~ renee wright, l.ac.


"great course, by far the best ceu class i have ever taken. the level of knowledge, enthusiasm, and engagement with the students was a breath of fresh air. i would recommend the course to anyone interested in seriously and authentically deepening their practice and themselves."
                 
  ~ thomas flach, l.ac.



» click here for more information







the wisdom of classical five-element acupuncture



in-person graduate training with neil r. gumenick and hilary skellon featuring diagnosis of clinical patients, pulse diagnosis, spirits of points, practitioner/patient rapport..and more!

14 ca ceus and pdas approved

» click here for more information









the classical five-element acupuncture program



is it for you?

click above to watch the video


one year - 8 online and 2 in-person monthly weekend modules
ca category 1 ceus and pdas pending approval

the classical five-element acupuncture program
newly revised format - the program is a one year, part-time comprehensive training for licensed acupuncturists, physicians, and students of asian medicine. read what graduates say at the bottom of this page.

watch this 3-minute video on the program and hear professor gumenick and graduates (m.d. and l.ac.) share their experience of this life-transforming work.
» click here to watch the video

» click here to request an application







advanced, post-graduate study



classical five-element acupuncture graduate seminar
perfecting the art
the classical five-element acupuncture graduate seminar is an opportunity to refresh your memory and your senses as we cover all aspects of five element practice: clinical practice with patients, spirits of the points, pulse feedback, point location, interviewing skills, treatment planning, sensory exercises to sharpen diagnostic skills. join neil gumenick, eliot ivanhoe, and mary mccullough and re-experience the magic of being together in this work.


» click here for more information










a more united world
a 3 1/2 hour streaming video that proposes a method for individuals, groups, and governments to find unity and take action to address the problems of the planet. narrated by neil r. gumenick

» click here for more information










five-element acupuncture treatments, theory and practice
about five-element acupuncture treaments and the private practice of neil r. gumenick.

acupuncture treatment faqs
common questions and answers for current and prospective patients.
  











neil r. gumenick (m.ac. (uk), l.ac., dipl. ac.) is founder and director of the institute of classical five-element acupuncture inc. in santa monica, ca. he holds three degrees and an advanced teaching credential from the college of traditional acupuncture (uk), awarded by professor j.r. worsley. the american association of acupuncture and oriental medicine (aaaom) recently honored him as a pioneer and leader in oriental medicine. neil has been in private practice since 1981 and is a frequent speaker at national and international symposia, a teacher at numerous acupuncture and oriental medical schools, and  a columnist for acupuncture today.    » more...









visit us now on facebook!


the institute of five-element acupuncture, inc. is proud to announce that you can now find us on facebook. please visit our page now and like us to show your support and  keep up with our many events and other institute news. we thank you for your continured patronage.
» visit us on facebook


join the mailing list!
get the latest institute news and program announcements delivered straight to your inbox!





















the spirits of the points
download professor neil gumenick's latest articles on five-element practice.  both part 1 and part 2 are now available.
» click here to download






















covid 19 update
in-person treatment now availabile
march 2021 update: in-person treatments are again available, with full safety precautions observed.

 in the interest of public safety during the covid 19 epidemic, neil is also available for remote treatment (telemedicine). to arrange an appointment, contact us below or call (310) 453-2235.
»  click to see what patients are saying about remote treatment
» click here to contact us about a remote appointment





beginning the journey™ ecourse available

the complete ceu and pda approved beginning the journey course is available online as an ecourse from our friends at net of knowledge.
» click here for more information and registration




classical 5-element trainings online 
with net of knowledge


we are thrilled to announce our classical five-element acupuncture training online courses (ceu and pda approved) on net of knowledge, a new learning platform built for the tcm community, with a global vision and mission to spread this valuable integrative health knowledge. here are our current course offerings and the links to access them:

» *newly added* point location, advanced command points distal to elbow and knee
» detecting and removing energetic blocks (series)
» in the clinic (series)
» point location: command points (series)
» point location: non-command points (series)
» the spirits of the points (series)
» components of the initial examination (course)
» beginning the journey™





celebrating 1st cetn international acupuncture symposium in sao paulo, brazil


i am so grateful to have had the honor of presenting "the heart and soul of five elements" at the 1st cetn international acupuncture symposium in sao paulo, brazil on november 30-december 1. i could not imagine a more gracious, warm, and open hearted group of participants and staff. muito amor e obrigado a todos!
~ professor neil
» click to view the image larger






the institute proudly announces the graduation of
the classical five-element acupuncture program,
class of 2018-2019
» click here for more information on the upcoming program








listen now!
new audio recordings by neil r. gumenick


in this 47 minute presentation, presented live at the 2016 pacific symposium, professor neil r. gumenick explains the basics of classical five-element diagnosis - the concept of the causative factor of disease, the 4 pillars of diagnosis, and the spiritual dimension of treatment.
» click here to listen to part one now







now available: professor gumenick's video
window of the sky points


watch neil's inspiring 27 minute talk, recorded in a recent beginning the journey™ seminar, on windows of the sky - some of the most powerful and spiritually enlightening points in all of acupuncture. when used correctly, these points can literally release patients who are stuck in an internal "prison" and open up a pathway to freedom.

learn when, why, and how to use them, as well as the deep spiritual meanings of each point.
» click here to access the video for free







continuing education certification

we are pleased to announce that all current institute live seminars and programs have been approved for continuing education credit by the california acupuncture board, the nccaom, and have been approved for ama pra category 1 credits™ sponsored by the american academy of medical acupuncture.
» click here for more information on our continuing education courses





watch nature of spirit & nature of bliss videos now
our thanks to road to bliss for posting two videos by with neil from a few years back. view them now on youtube!

» neil r. gumenick on the nature of spirit
» neil r. gumenick on the nature of bliss













spirits of the points series
  the work of a truly wholistic practitioner is to address the needs of patients at all levels. the majority of patients, aside from their physical symptoms, are often also imbalanced at the levels of mind and spirit. every acupuncture point has a name, translated from the ancient chinese characters, which suggests the mental and spiritual connotations of the point. this course will cover the names, meanings, and uses of spirit points on all 12 meridians, as well as the ren (cv) and du (gv) channels.

» spirits of the points - full course - 6 sessions / 12 ceus
» session 1 - spirit level blocks
» session 2 - fire meridians
» session 3 - earth meridians
» session 4 - metal meridians
» session 5 - water meridians
» session 6 - wood meridians


























this program was, by far, the most valuable training i have had in acupuncture and oriental medicine. patients tell me that this medicine touches them at the deepest levels they ever experienced with any system of medicine. the program was exceptional beyond what i had ever imagined.
~ brian bender, dacm, l.ac., dipl. ac.

eye opening and awesome. most profound is the emphasis on treating the spirit - not something i ever knew was possible with this modality.
~ sun-ling chen, m.d.

i cannot overstate how important this program is. it truly brings healing and connection, empathy and rapport back to the field of medicine.
~ andrew lee, m.d.

simply stated: the best 5 element experience in the world. it deepens all knowledge in acupuncture.
~ washington bryan, m.d.


beautiful! i feel i got exactly what i was looking for and more. i now know the pure five element style of treating patients and i know how rare and precious it is!
~ courtney bird, oriental medical student

i knew this would be an amazing, life-changing experience when i signed up, but this program has far surpassed my wildest imaginations. not only have i learned the practical skills to be the healer i always dreamed of being, but the personal growth i have gained in developing these skills has spread to all areas of my life.
~ ming dooley, l.ac., class of 2014-2015

very profound information, made applicable with excellent teachings, lectures, supervised patient examinations, and wonderful feedback.
~ bob lifson, m.d., class of 2013-2014

this course transformed my practice and my life for the better. it has resulted in much better results for my patients and a much greater sense of satisfaction in my work. i very highly recommend this program.
~ bruce eichelberger, omd, l.ac., class of 2012-2013

excellently designed program that has truly changed my life. i had tried running away from acupuncture numerous times in the past, but somehow i was always being pulled back. now i understand that it was because i had to study this. i was meant to practice five element acupuncture.
~ ryan chu, l.ac., class of 2012-2013

this course opened my eyes and my heart to a beautiful and profound side of acupuncture i never knew existed. it helped me connect with my patients on a deeper emotional and spiritual level i had never reached before. i strongly recommend this course to any practitioner who truly wants to transform the lives of their patients and themselves.
~ richele walters, l.ac., class of 2010-2011

life changing program! such dedication from beginning to end. iï¿½m proud to be an institute graduate! thanks for providing the support and guidance to become a five element practitioner.
~ robin paravecchio, oriental medical student



 
 






amazing! i canï¿½t believe how much iï¿½ve learned. by far the most fun school iï¿½ve ever attended. even though it was rigorous and structured at every step, it was satisfying at a deep level. i now feel i have a new vocation that i could happily practice my entire life.
~ mark oï¿½keefe, oriental medical student

most of us want a bonded colleagueship, a mentor-- or two or three, a vocabulary shared between us and those we value, and, feedback and collaboration when needed.  neil gumenick's classical five element acupuncture program creates an intimate community, a safe forum for all to see and be seen. it is at this foundation we grow as true healers. without it, we are technicians. to get there, you cannot rely on webinars and article perusing nor short weekend courses. you must delve into the experience of what it means to be a true healer. what neil has to offer is deep, concise, meaningful, experiential and potentially life-changing. if you are ready to take the next, deeper step, this program is for you. you will evolve. you will grow. you will be supported. you will be welcomed into the village you hoped existed. the classical five-element community is a rare and beautiful gem. the results your patients receive are immediately tangible and the payoff for you is literally priceless.
~ mary mccullough, l.ac., class of 2013-2014

i am glad i stuck it through 4 years of tcm school to finally learn 5 element acupuncture in this program. i feel i can finally practice the medicine in a way that resonates with me and treats the whole person, including their spirit, which is more important than anything most of the time. neil, you are an engaging and amazing teacher! thank you for your dedication and sharing of wisdom!
~ lindsay kohn, l.ac., class of 2012-2013

there is nothing more gratifying than having a mentor in my life. in this program, neil is truly carrying on the tradition of this medicine by teaching it the eay it was taught to him by the founder, j.r. worsley. this is a most noble act and i am proud to continue as his student. i am eternally grateful.
~ georgina leszkay, oriental medical student, class of 2012-2013

the classical five-element acupuncture program is the real deal! the curriculum is comprehensive; the instructors are generous and knowledgeable, and the medicine itself is very profound. after practicing western medicine for over 25 years, this elegant style of medicine has renewed my passion for the healing arts.
  
  i had taken other five element acupuncture courses before enrolling in neil's program, and there is simply no comparison when it comes to quality and integrity. i am confident i will have the necessary knowledge, experience, and support to practice five element acupuncture in its pure form when i graduate from this course.
~ elizabeth tukan, m.d. phoenix, az class of 2007 - 2008 

  » click for more testimonials...








home
    |   
  training opportunities
    |   
  faculty
    |   
   testimony
   |  
   payments
   |  
  articles & media
    |   
  mailing list
      |   
  contact  











the institute of classical five-element acupuncture inc.
4170 commonwealth ave., culver city, ca 90232
phone: (310) 453-2235 ~ fax: (310) 453-2236
www.5elements.com



 


