
















cincinnati west sc | cincy west night at fcc 2-aug 27th $5 tickets!













































login
register




















open registrations/links



cincy west night at fcc 2-aug 27th $5 tickets!







academy juniors - spring 2025 

player interest form (fall24/spring 25)
(non-cwsc players looking to tryout for fall 24/spring 25)
 
tryout registration (fall24/spring 25)


next gear sale will be online. more info coming soon! 



hhhh







we will have another gear sale that will be online only. you will have three options for pick up. 1. pick up at re during a winter training session. 2. pick up at ohhs during a training session. 3. pick up gear at vj on announced date/time slot. more information coming soon! 


gear sale







new player interest form



new player interest form







ready for a change? ready to be challenged? paying way too much money? 
check out one of our training sessions to see what we offer! you might just like it!
fill out the player interest form and we will invite you to a session. see you soon! 
if you have any questions, please reach out to kevin spraul 
 


new player opp 2024







supplemental tryouts 



link







click here to register for supplemental tryouts
*note: supplemental tryouts are scheduled individually. each player that registers is contacted separately to schedule a date/time to join a team practice as their "tryout".
there will not be a date scheduled for a group tryout. you have to register to be scheduled for supplemental tryouts.  



supp t;ryouts









what's happening at cw?






2023 pics on facebook: @5v5 color blast soccer tournament






why cincinnati west? 




      why cincinnati west?
    







cincinnati west soccer club is one of the fastest growing youth soccer clubs in the area because of our unique and strong focus on being team and family friendly while still meeting the soccer...
  




















jan bennett



fffff







  jan bennett - hof something to be proud of...



color blast!


cb







color blast! 



cb







5v5 color blast july 2025 save the date!  this tournament sells out! 
this is a fun 1 day tournament. all games played in one day. younger ages earlier in day, older age groups end their games under the lights.
all teams welcome, parent led teams, friend teams, coach led teams and club teams etc. 
you don't want to miss the color blast celebration! check out the face book page for pics and videos. 
5v5 color blast soccer tournament
"color blast" celebration = throw the colored powder and get messy! all teams gather in front of the dj (at a specific time chosen by the tournament) and start the countdown to the color blast celebration! at that time the kids squirt their colored powder on one another! watch the fun begin!
 


cwsc news


cm







cw affiliates







cw non-profit:donate


cwdonationbutton updated







       jbmf donation


jb donation letter for website







jbmf logo










winter futsal skills training


cwsc night at fcc







mojo team app cwsc


mojo







thank you vega




      vega announcement
    







thank you vega... cwsc corporate sponsor
we at cincinnati west soccer club are excited to announce our new sponsorship with vega. starting in the fall of 2023, this partnership will provide each club...






2024 calendar


2023 calendar


field status



cwsc







valley junction - open 4/14
 



dravo park - closed 4/11
 
miami whitewater (mw)
513-728-3551 ext 383







renegade


















© 2025 cincinnati west soccer club. all rights reserved.

© 2025 demosphere international, inc. all rights reserved.














