






picture perfect pools | commercial pool renovations and repairs in florida

































home
services

pool renovations
craft work
pool equipment
site management


projects
about us












 















picture perfect poolsflorida commercial pool renovation contractors

more information










pool renovationsresurfacing, conversion of a standard gutters to an infinity pools and solve leaks in all commercial high rise parking garage property’s.

more information










craft worktile, coping, pavers, fountains and all design work done by our professionals.

more information










pool equipmentpump room renovations, collector tanks, ladders, handrails and all code compliance needs.

more information










site managementproper procedures, safety precautions and professionalism.

more information










recent projects:

 

renaissance hotel, boca raton, fl



who we are:

we are picture perfect pools, a trusted business that has been running for over 25 years. we are a fully licensed and insured company that specializes in all of your residential, community and residential pool needs. we are based in south florida and work throughout the state. we have been brought in for special assignments across the country and internationally. no job is too big for us and we have references and success to prove so. we meet all county, city and hrs code requirements.
we have been recognized as a leader in the commercial pool industry. we are the leading high rise consultants and specialist in south florida. customer satisfaction is how we measure success. we know that doing right by customers and clients. in today’s market that is a huge plus when dealing with a contractor.
whether you are looking for a basic resurface or a complete redesign, picture perfect pools  is dedicated to fulfilling all your swimming pool remodeling needs. no project is too large, too small or too difficult for the tri-county’s leading remodeling company. picture perfect pool’s extensive experience consists of a wide variety of types of projects. and no matter who built your swimming pool, picture perfect pools can help you remodel it.
 
commercial pool pros

parking garage/ high rise condo professionals
certified diamond-brite applicators that use proper procedures
deck restoration
waterline tile installers
step-tile installers
depth markers & no diving
marker installers
pool parts & equipment
all work done within county, city and health department specifications











pool renovations

resurfacing, conversion of a standard gutters to an infinity pools and solve leaks in all commercial high rise parking garage property’s.






craft work

tile, coping, pavers, fountains and all design work done by our professionals.






pool equipment

pump room renovations, collector tanks, ladders, handrails and all code compliance needs.






site management

proper procedures, safety precautions and professionalism.










recent projects:








lake point tower, north palm beach, fl
~ see more








lakes of delray, delray beach, fl
~ see more








renaissance hotel, boca raton, fl
~ see more








ocean colony condos, lauderdale by the sea, fl
~ see more







why choose us?
we are industry-leading commercial pool builders dedicated to delivering high-quality, custom pool designs tailored to your specific needs. our emphasis on pool site safety precautions and adherence to code compliance sets us apart in the industry. from pump room renovations to collector tank upgrades, ladders, and handrails, we provide comprehensive solutions that ensure your pool operates safely and efficiently.
if you’re a property manager, architect, or general contractor looking for reliable commercial pool equipment services, contact us today to learn how we can help you optimize your pool facility. let us handle the technical details, so you can focus on delivering a top-notch experience for your guests.








get a quote now:

phone

email

or use form opposite.
fully licensed and insured.license #cpc053894







name


email address


message






15 + 11 = 


submit







 










facebook


copyright © 2003-24 picture perfect pools, inc. all rights reserved. 




















