


killifish - maintenance, breeding, conservation >> killi.co.uk



















toggle navigation








home (home)

killifish species 

african annual fish
nothobranchius
callopanchax

african non-annual fish
aphyosemion
epiplatys
fundulopanchax
scriptaphyosemion

asian killifish

south american annual fish
austrolebias
cynolebias
megalebias
moema
plesiolebias
pterolebias
rachovia
renova
simpsonichthys
spectrolebias

south american non-annual fish
pituna
rivulus

lampeyes

species list



killifish care 

foods and feeding
drosophila (fruit flies)

introduction
drosophila food
housing and handling
care regime
feeding to fish
troubleshooting


paste food recipe
culturing paramoecium
culturing whiteworms
culturing grindal worms
mosquito larvae as fish food

breeding and maintenance
hatching annual fish eggs
killifish breeding techniques
plants for the killi-quarium
how to keep nothobranchius



other 

killifish books
killiblog


buy killifish


















all about killifish











 





killifish as a group comprise over 700 species from most regions of the world. some are easy to keep in the aquarium, others are difficult. most are brightly coloured, others, have fascinating behaviour. this site contains the basics on how to keep killies, fish photographs and breeders tips and my own killiblog. this site currently contains 435 pictures of 188 different species. check out the most recently added killifish images.







killifish photos
cyprinodon alvarezi nematolebias whitei malenothobranchius eggersi  kigongo tan rb 05-43nothobranchius albimarginatus kiparanganda tan 97-40.nothobranchius flammicomantis kisaki tan 95-5.nothobranchius rubripinnis tz 83-5scriptaphyosemion geryi abuko femalerivulus tenuis villa hermosanothobranchius sp. messalo river mzhl 05-12 a splendid male

killifish for salekilli.co.uk is funded by its visitors. when you buy through links on our site we may earn an affiliate commission. for more info see terms and conditions.
the killifish encyclopedia: basic care and breeding by grady, t. r. -paperback
sydney, 2***, australia
au $46
store home view all listing about us faq contact us  menu fiction non-fiction other add our store to your favorites and receive exclusive emails about new items and special promotions!sign up if you are not completely satisfied with your order please contact us before leaving any feedback. we will be happy to hear from you and will help you sort out any issues the best way to contact us is directly through the ebay messages system the killifish encyclopedia: basic care ... more


bulk pack of 5 - fish floating spawning mop killifish rainbowfish breeding sp
glenfield, 2***, australia
au $50
your are buying 5 units spawning mops are used to facilitate breeding. spawning mops are made up of many strands of wool or yarn and are designed to mimic densely planted areas in the wild  egg scattering fish swim into the spawning mop and deposit their eggs. the eggs stick to the spawning mop and can be removed and hatched in another aquarium away from predatory fish who may otherwise eat them                 official ebay store... more


bulk pack of 10 - fish floating spawning mop killifish rainbowfish breeding s
glenfield, 2***, australia
au $95
your are buying 10 units spawning mops are used to facilitate breeding. spawning mops are made up of many strands of wool or yarn and are designed to mimic densely planted areas in the wild  egg scattering fish swim into the spawning mop and deposit their eggs. the eggs stick to the spawning mop and can be removed and hatched in another aquarium away from predatory fish who may otherwise eat them                 official ebay store... more

more killifish for sale
killifish care
generalisations on keeping killies are somewhat few and far between, as these fish inhabit such a wide range of environmental niches worldwide, and have therefore adapted to very wide range of conditions. many people have an idea that these fish are difficult to keep, and whilst there are some easy killifish species, there are many that can test the skills of the most experienced fishkeeper. actually most killifish are quite easy to keep, especially in a species tank (i.e. not a community tank), and the 'difficulties' are more related to breeding them.
however the following generalisations are largely true

killifish don't live very long
killifish only eat live food (or frozen live foods)
killifish don't thrive when housed with other species

so, to succeed at keeping killifish, and to answer the generalisations above, you'll need to: 1) continually breed your fish, 2) continually breed (or collect/buy) livefoods, 3) keep one (or more) tank / species. all of this is time consuming and takes up space. successful killifish care is not hard, but requires a significant commitment in time. however, unlike many hobbies, there is very little expense required beyond buying starter cultures of livefoods and the eggs/fish themselves.
this website details many of my experiences in killies: hatching eggs, breeding methods, culturing livefoods (grindal worms, whiteworms, fruit flies etc, see foods and feeding)
types of killifish
the majority of killifish maintained in captivity hail from southern and central america, africa and asia with limited numbers from southern europe, the middle east and north america. by far the most popular, largely due to their intense colouration, are the annual fish of east africa and south america, and the non annual fish of west africa and central america.


annual killifish
annual killifish are those that live (usually) in temporary waters: pools that dry up on a regular basis. as such, these fish have to cram their life cycle into as a short a period as possible, hatching, growing and reproducing in a few months only. the best examples are the nothobranchius species of south and east africa, and the (formerly) cynolebias species of south america. the eggs of these fish have adapted to survive in the mud of a dried up pool, and are ready to hatch when the wet season starts.


non-annual killifish
species that live in permanent waters are far more akin to other fish species, and are perhaps less of a challenge to the new killikeeper. the best known non-annual killis are the aphyosemion and fundulopanchax of west africa, and the rivulus species of south and central america.


killifish conservation
due to the fact that many killifish species inhabit a very small geographic area, they are particularly susceptible to extinction by habitat destruction. numerous species are thought extinct, for example nothobranchius steinforti has not been found since 1976, despite extensive searches. others, such as nothobranchius capriviensis are likely to be lost by construction projects that remodel the landscape in which their temporary pools would occur. it is the aim of many killifish keepers and societies to maintain captive populations of as many species as possible, to safeguard against future extinctions. for this reason, it is imperative that fish with known collection data are not cross bred with other similar-looking fish, as this may result in sterility in captive populations.

what's new on killi.co.uk


how to keep nothobranchius: my view on the best ways to keep nothobranchius: reducing aggression, raising enough females, and having spare males for the community tank in your living room
major site revamp for 2019! after a while in the wilderness, killi.co.uk is back, with a new mobile/tablet friendly design. there are a lot of new photographs to come, nomenclature updates and blog posts. old features, such as the breeding reports, have been brought up to date; if you've bred a killifish recently, why not fill in a report
brand new blog posting nothobranchius furzeri 2008 a description, photos and video clips of my latest furzeri hatching.
new nothobranchius description. two localities of notho, previously referred to as aff. rubrippinis have been described as nothobranchius cardinalis
brand new blog posting nothobranchius sp. messalo river mzhl 05-12
new nothobranchius species - pictures of the newly collected zakouma national park strain of nothobranchius rubroreticulatus




killifish for salekilli.co.uk is funded by its visitors. when you buy through links on our site we may earn an affiliate commission. for more info see terms and conditions.
bulk pack of 3 - fish floating spawning mop killifish rainbowfish breeding sp
glenfield, 2***, australia
au $35
your are buying 3 units spawning mops are used to facilitate breeding. spawning mops are made up of many strands of wool or yarn and are designed to mimic densely planted areas in the wild  egg scattering fish swim into the spawning mop and deposit their eggs. the eggs stick to the spawning mop and can be removed and hatched in another aquarium away from predatory fish who may otherwise eat them                 official ebay store... more


aqualog killifish of the new world dr l seegers (english & german)hardback book
cranbourne, victoria, 3***, australia
au $100
although in the 70s and 80s it was the "dark continent" of africa which continually provided new and beautiful killifishes never before seen, since then it has become increasingly apparent that south america is also home to killifishes which are in no way inferior to their old world cousins in terms of interesting behaviour and coloration. in the last few years not only new species, but also several new genera, have been discovered there. at present a total of 36 different genera are known from ... more


funny fish mug gift introverted but willing to discuss killifish coffee cup
warehouse in the us, australia
au $33
funny fish mug gift introverted but willing to discuss killifish coffee cupproduct details .this high quality 11oz. ceramic white mug has a premium hard coat that provides crisp and vibrant color reproduction sure to last for years. perfect for all hot & cold beverages the highest quality printing possible is used. it will never fade no matter how many times you wash it material: 100% ceramic print both sides dishwasher and microwave safe high gloss + premium white finish printed in the u s.a ... more

more killifish for sale









general information

food and feeding
breeding and maintenance



species information

african annuals
african non-annuals
south american annuals
south american non-annuals
list of all species
search



main genera

austrolebias
aphyosemion
epiplatys
fundulopanchax
nothobranchius
rivulus
simpsonichthys



other information

links
killifish blog
killifish books















© killi.co.uk 1999-2025  |  terms and conditions











