











simulationx | system simulation software


































    skip to main content



























contact |
                    historical financial information
                         |
                    media library |
                    


english


français
日本語
中文
korean














industry solutions


aerospace & defense

acoustic performance
industrial metaverse
part manufacturing

automotive

acoustic performance
vehicle safety
industrial metaverse
body chassis manufacturing

electric vehicles
energy
heavy machinery

industrial metaverse
virtual manufacturing
virtual proving ground




products


procast

die casting
sand casting
investment casting
mega casting

pam-composites
pam-stamp
simulationx

vehicle systems
fluid power systems
energy systems

va one

exterior acoustics
interior acoustics
space structural dynamics

virtual performance solution

crash and safety
airbag development
battery safety
strength and dynamics
seat design

ic.ido
sysweld
cloud-based virtual prototyping


customer stories

support & service


training
support
service
customer portal 


events
news
blog

company


who we are
partner network
management
responsibility
worldwide


join us













home


                          products
                      



















quick links



                            
        
                        simulationx

            
    



            

libraries available in simulationx 
highlight software features 
featured resource 
contact us 








simulationx
multi-domain system simulation software












modern mobility & machinery products are complex, connected, and dynamic systems. they consist of a multitude of components and subsystems, usually based on diverse technical domains, and are increasingly fitted with sensors and controls. their dynamic interactions have a significant impact on safety, performance, and comfort.
with esi's simulationx software, engineers model, simulate, and analyze the behavior of all parts of the technical systems comprising mechanical, hydraulics, pneumatics, electronics, thermal, and control systems. comprehensive component libraries with application-oriented model elements ensure that they have the right tools available for each task.
discover vehicle systems          discover fluid power systems          discover energy systems



























simulationx user conference 2024: watch recordings now!





dive into digital innovation and system simulation technology with industry experts at the simulationx user conference 2024. this hybrid event features keynote talks, success-driven user presentations, networking opportunities, and exclusive updates from the simulationx team.
event highlights at a glance

keynote talks: explore transformative digital solutions.
user presentations: learn from industry success stories.
exclusive updates: insights from the simulationx core team.

for more details on abstract submission and participation, visit the event page:










watch now!













what is the value of the full system simulation software simulationx?





robustness & transparency

improve the robustness and reliability of your products by extending test coverage through virtual testing.
make design problems transparent by foreseeing unexpected effects and malfunctions very early.
validate, optimize & access system performance as you move along the timeline.
rich user experience with powerful tools, comprehensive libraries, easily accessible interface, extensive e-learning, and direct support.





costs & time saving

shorten development time by using virtual models to quickly test the effects of various design changes.
save design and iteration costs by front-loading design changes and validation of their impact and maximize the roi.
reduce physical prototyping efforts and thus related cost and time.
carry out extensive simulation-based experiments to identify potential design problems early, when the cost to change is small.













list of engineering libraries available in simulationx!
 
access a broad range of specific libraries and simulation models - all on one platform.











general


















signal blocks


















mechanics


















power transmission (mbs)


















power transmission (2d)


















power transmission (1d)


















electronics


















electro-mechanics


















magnetics


















pneumatics


















hydraulics


















thermics


















thermal-fluid


















acoustics (1d)


















vehicle pneumatics


















batteries


















belt and pipe conveyors


















electric energy storages


















bowden cables


















green city


















hvac and power generation (basics)


















heat transfer


















vehicle drives


















hydraulic-brake-systems


















hydraulic lubrication


















hydrogen power


















generic interfaces


















combustion engines (detailed)


















ship energy systems


















system reliability analysis


















subsea


















synchronizers


















vehicle transmissions


















torsional vibration analysis


















driving maneuvers























"over the next 10 years, industries must advance to larger, more complex systems. tools like simulationx allow us to model these vast systems."
francisco chinesta
scientific director, esi group















what are the software features that system simulation and modeling engineers appreciate most?
these are the main simulationx software features that empower customers to shorten development cycles and front-load decisions on design changes by visualizing the state and performance of the whole system or parts of it:





open

based on the modelica language standard for ultimate modeling freedom
easily extendable and smoothly connectable via functional mock-up interface (fmi) to other cax tools, effectively supplementing product development workflows and processes
seamless integration of scripting via python






flexible 

50+ modeling libraries for a wide variety of industry use cases
token-based licensing accommodating changing project requirements
tailored software packages for starters, operational & advanced users





intuitive

modern user interface providing intuitive modeling and simulation experience 
powerful, customized visualizations via diagrams and 3d views for multi-body models and animations
streamlined process execution for all parts of the system





accessible

600+ realistic stock models allow you to get started immediately
abundant training & learning material for quick onboarding
easy support access from domain experts
 customized services for fast and easy adoption and integration into existing workflows















develop next generation mobility types with full virtual vehicle modeling and simulation





virtual prototyping and virtual testing are crucial in today's mobility industry because of their ability to meet increasing market demands and ensure products adhere to industry requirements and quality standards. when integrated into the design and engineering process, these tools enable customers to deliver innovative and scalable products. simulationx leverages the power of 1d modeling, allowing for early design changes and validation. this approach ensures that results are transparent and accessible at any point in the development process.
by modeling and testing subsystems and other parts of the system like propulsion systems, energy, hvac, electronics, and sensor systems as a whole, simulationx facilitates comprehensive vehicle development.
learn more about simulating vehicle systems




























improve control, precision & effectiveness of fluid power systems 






the complexity of fluid power systems is inevitable due to the involvement of fluid, mechanical, electrical, thermal & control systems all together. depending on the application and industry, hydraulic or pneumatic systems are used to deliver high precision, faster response time, and high power density. in today’s mobility and machinery industries, fluid power systems play an important role in building versatile, durable, and reliable products.
with a legacy of modeling hydraulics & pneumatics systems accurately for years, simulationx has a wide area of applications covered, spanning various industries. modeling mechatronic systems in heavy machinery with hydraulic actuators and control units is one of the strong areas of simulationx.
learn more about simulationx for fluid power systems




























identify, what is the best system-level strategy for effective electrification & energy management






complex requirements concerning energy efficiency, renewable energies, and electrification demand a solution approach that is safe, sustainable, and cost-effective. especially automotive electrification technology is an emerging global trend. producing, storage & distribution of energy using alternative energy sources like solar or hydrogen is gaining recognition in energy grids, the commercial and industrial space, as well as in heavy-duty transportation.
 simulationx delivers tailored solutions for ev battery range prediction, energy management, green hydrogen & alternate energy sources with its comprehensive library support and continuous development towards newer and innovative energy solutions.
learn more about electrification & energy management





























what is the value of the system simulation tool simulationx and which common application examples exist?












demo: introducing simulationx - multi-domain system simulation




















simulationx webinar: predict & optimize system performance early in design




















simulationx release webinar: simulationx 2024 short release highlights




















blog article: enhancing aerospace development with model-based systems engineering






















ready for a license?
 
request a quote
 






looking for more information?
 
request a demo












share







share

facebook


twitter


linkedin







about esi
                esi group, a part of keysight technologies, provides reliable and customized solutions anchored on predictive physics modeling and virtual prototyping expertise.  acting principally in automotive, land transportation, aerospace and defense, and heavy industry, esi software enables engineers to simulate mechanical designs, smart manufacturing processes, and human-centric workflows to make better decisions earlier in the product lifecycle. keysight is an s&p 500 company delivering market-leading design, emulation, and test solutions to help engineers develop and deploy faster, with less risk, throughout the entire product lifecycle.
                
                for further information, go to: www.esi-group.com.
                


follow esi 










© esi group 2025

cookies policy
product and solution cyber security
software terms of use
data privacy terms for clients

terms & conditions for esi professional services
privacy & terms of use
legal












