


jack russell terrier club of america jrtca - national breed club and registry



















jack russell terrier club of america

preserve, protect and work the jack russell terrier


dig in







home
join
jrtca

about the jrtca
real jack russell
puppies and breeders
available puppies
member benefits
register/record
local clubs
rescue
why support us?
jrtca state reps
breed standard
download forms
code of ethics
homestead project
donate homestead
board of directors
contact jrtca


breed

russell rescue
jrt profiler
history of jrt
jack talk
working terrier
working certs/awards
certificates
medical
pictorial guide
jrt research
jrt health registry
glossary
memorials


advice

frequent questions
aggression
house breaking
submissive urination
separation anxiety
training tips
training articles
buying a puppy
jack facts
breeding
coat types
grooming
rough coats
jrts and children


fun

choice photos
natural photos
dirty dog photos
holiday photos
main photos
home photos
caption contest
vote for best caption
view caption results
caption pictures
games/quizes
jrt stories
jrt links
youtube videos
recommended books


trial

trial schedule
national trial
sponsor nationals
trialing 101
events

conformation
racing
go-to-ground
agility
obedience
trailing/locating
youth
super earth
gtg vs super earth
challenge awards


rule book
beginners guide
measure height


store
members
sites






the jrtca is the national breed club and registry for thejack russell terrier in the united states.

							the purpose of the jrtca is to protect and preserve the unique characteristics and working heritage of this great little terrier.  join our club.
						




search








jan 2, 2025 - jrtca 2025 trial schedule posted
dec 15, 2024 - jrtca 2025 calendar is now available


	like us on facebook        follow us on instagram











what is the jrtca?

our purpose as the largest jrt club in the world is to protect and preserve the unique characteristics and working heritage of this great terrier.




the right dog for you?

many dog owners are completely overwhelmed by the demands of a jack russell terrier, leading to the dogs being abandoned.




looking for a puppy?

the jrtca breeders directory is an advertising tool that jrtca breeders use to promote their kennel and terriers.




the real jack russell terrier

are you confused about the differences between the jack russell terrier, the parson russell terrier and the russell terrier variants?






get to know the jack russell terrier club of america





what is the jack russell terrier club of america?







the jrtca is very much a community.  never before have i met the quality of people and the people that are so dedicated to their dogs.


about the jrtca
membership benefits
why support us?
join





jrtca national terrier trial







the largest gathering of jack russell terriers in the world. you don't know unless you go where your terrier stands against the best!

national trial
trial schedule
trialing 101
trial events







jack russell terrier racing for beginners







jack russell terrier racing is a popular event sanctioned by the jrtca.


jrtca racing
trialing 101
trial schedule
join





field work with your jack russell terrier







if you live with a jrt, you already know you live with a working dog.

working history
certificates/awards
working certificates











trouble with training?

browse our helpful training articles about aggression, separation anxiety, house breaking, shyness, crate training and much more.




jack russell terrier rescue

these non-profit rescue organizations may be able to assist you in the placement or adoption of a jack russell terrier.




jack russell terrier trials

an fun introductory guide to a jrtca sanctioned terrier trial including what to expect, what to bring and how to enter various events.




jack russell terrier museum

the purpose of the jack russell terrier museum and crawford library is to document and illustrate the history of the true jack russell terrier.








the real jack russell terrier - what's in a name?

								the working structure, brain and heart of the real jack russell terrier is what gives this terrier the astounding character, athleticism and versatility that make it a great companion.
							


							the real jack russell terrier may be any height between 10" and 15" (at the shoulder), it may vary in coats, markings, type, and for sure personality... they are all real jack russell terriers.  there is no "ideal"... the "ideal" is what suits their owner for what they want/need to do with their terrier.  that is the uniqueness of this diverse terrier.  the diversity within the jrtca breed standard is what makes the jack russell terrier suitable for a variety of working and performance abilities - in contrast with the narrow, cosmetic breed standards of many show breeds.
						
the "russell terrier" and the "parson russell terrier" are both variants of the jack russell terrier made into "separate breeds" by the american kennel club (akc).  they are nothing more than variants of the original jack russell terrier as always supported by the jrtca.  the jrtca standard includes the full range of sizes needed for earth work. it is to be known our standard is to allow a terrier to follow the red fox to ground. the dog needed the drive and structure to mirror the agile intelligent fox. the jack russell terrier had to be able to outsmart the fox and have the courage to do so for the handler as a team.

continue reading







jack russell terrier photo galleries
a jack russell can be equally contented bolting a fox or chasing a toy in your living room, or equally adept at killing a sock in the living room or a rat in your barn.




choice photo gallery


								the choice photo gallery consists of jack russell terrier photos selected by the jrtca webmaster.
								




dirty dog photo gallery


									the dirty dog photo gallery shows jack russell terriers in the dirt and mud.
								




natural setting photo gallery


									the natural setting photo gallery show jack russell terriers in a natual setting (woods, etc).
								













become a member of the jack russell terrier club of america

support the preservation and protection of the jack russell terrier.




facebook
instagram
pinterest
youtube





© 2025 jack russell terrier club of america. all rights reserved.p.o. box 4527, lutherville, md 21094-4527(p) 410-561-3655(f) 410-421-7081














