






dtd html 4.01 transitional//en">






hampton roads publishing company - books for the evolving human spirit











hampton roads publishing company





 

















 

hampton roads publishing
			distributed by red wheel/weiser
			65 parker street, suite 7
			newburyport, ma  01950
978-465-0504
			1-800-423-7087
			fax:  978-465-0243






 



mailing list signup: 

 



 

sign
  up for the mailing list to receive notifications of new titles, special offers,
  and more. this list is never sold or spammed. simply enter
  your email address and click the enter button!


 



				type the name of any book or author to find quickly:    









				in the spotlight
			




				insights blog
			






coming in october:
peace in the present moment
by eckhart tolle, byron katie, michele penn (photographer), and stephen mitchell (foreword)
for the first time ever, the words of best-selling authors eckhart tolle and byron katie appear in one breath-taking book. with selected quotations from a new earth and a thousand names for joy, this stunning gift book combines selected wisdom from two of the most popular spirituality writers of this century with vibrant photos of nature's most colorful gift, the flower.
conceived by award-winning photographer michelle penn, who was personally influenced by one of the central metaphors in tolle's teaching--the flower, this volume contains over forty full-color photos of flowers wedded to the core teachings of tolle and katie. each flower and corresponding quote provide valuable insight into such key concepts as living in the moment, gratitude, nurturing the soul, and much, much, more.
this is a gift book that will be embraced by those who have been touched by the teachings of both of these spiritual luminaries.
order now!





   




the big book of christian mysticism: the essential guide to contemplative spirituality
by carl mccolman
in popular usage, "mysticism" typically refers to new age or eastern forms of spirituality. however, the mystical tradition is also an important component of the christian tradition. at its heart--and much like its expression in other faith traditions--christian mysticism is an ancient practice that incorporates meditation, contemplation, worship, philosophy, the quest for personal enlightenment, and the experience of divine presence.
this volume is a comprehensive introduction and guide to christian mysticism. it is a big book about a big possibility: the hope of achieving real, blissful, experiential unison with god. among the topics covered here are a general introduction to mysticism, the bible and mysticism, the history and types of christian mysticism, biographical sketches of leading christian mystics, and practical instructions about practicing mysticism today.
order now!





 

 






brand-new arrivals



get paid writing online!click to learn morebeyond vengeance, beyond duality:a call for a compassionate revolutionby sylvia cluteloving in the moment:moving from ego to essence in relationshipsby gina lake, m.a.why i am a buddhistby stephen t. asma, phd 




recent releases



kick-ass creativity:an energy makeover for artists, explorers, and creative professionalsby mary beth maziarzthe big book of soul:the ultimate guide to the african-american spiritby stephanie rose birdevery moment matters:savoring the stuff of lifeby john st.augustine 



b

hampton roads top 10

top ten bestsellers from our online bookstore for the last  days specified
 
1)  messiah's handbook: reminders for the advanced soul by richard bach
 
2)  midnights with the mystic: a little guide to freedom and bliss by cheryl simone and sadhguru jaggi vasudev
 
3)  eyes of an angel: soul travel, spirit guides, soul mates, and the reality of love by paul elder
 
4)  ruby: a novel by mary summer rain
 
5)  the excuse me, your life is waiting playbook: with the 12 tenets of awakening by lynn grabhorn
 
6)  curious lives: adventures from the ferret chronicles by richard bach
 
7)  soul journeys: my guided tours through the afterlife by rosalind a. mcknight
 
8)  dear god! what's happening to us?: halting eons of manipulation by lynn grabhorn
 
9)  induced after-death communication: a new therapy for healing grief and trauma by allan l. botkin, psy.d. and r. craig hogan
 
10)  the little soul and the sun by neale donald walsch browse the bookstore



insights blog


monday, jul 13
a grief observed: remembering carol
a troubled column by john whitehead 

» read entry
friday, jul 10
california dreamin’: how the state can beat its budget woes
a little outside-the-box thinking… 

» read entry
thursday, jul 9
genome project leader is selected to head nih
a believing scientist is chosen for a top administrative post 

» read entry
monday, jul 6
something absurd in between
michael ventura column 

» read entry
wednesday, jul 1
finally, mr. senator
franken finally gets to take his seat 

» read entry
 visit blog page





home . bookstore . calendar . submissions . contact us
the parkinson's protocol review . old school new body . custom keto diet plan . sugar defender . mend the marriage system . the smoothie diet reviewliv pure review . the smoothie diet review . his secret obsession . puravive review . the ex factor guide review

all content © hampton roads publishing company
  to report a problem with this site, email webmaster@hrpub.com

