








music teachers of hyde park – an alliance of independent music teachers









































 




skip to content



music teachers of hyde park
an alliance of independent music teachers
menu and widgets




home
about us
find a music teacher
mthp calendar
events for students
mthp artist series 2024-2025
photo gallery
 

artist series news enjoy great music played by our own wonderful artist-teachers.

contact us to find out more about mthp, please contact info@mthp.org

student events mthp sponsors many successful events for our students – recitals, workshops, concerto day, and chamber days, and even music camps during the summer.

paypal paymentpaymentmember dueschoose different amount belowother amount:
 







 

music teachers of hyde park 

serving chicago’s hyde park, kenwood, south shore, and woodlawn neighborhoods

find your music teacher here!
interested in music lessons?  you are in the right place! consult our membership directory by clicking on the “find a music teacher” tab to the left, to view a selection of private teachers at various locations. 
our membership of teachers is as diverse as the music they teach and perform. they each charge different rates and, of course, have different personalities! whether by phone, e-mail, or a free in-person interview, you can get answers to your questions and find the teacher who is just right for you.
the students of our mthp teaching artists take advantage of various learning and performing opportunities provided by our organization.
finally, our teaching artists do perform. whether in their own groups or a local orchestra, you may also find one of us performing at the mthp artist series, a free concert series open to the public and held at the blackstone library.
go on and get started today on your musical journey with one of our fabulous teachers!
please join us for our 25th anniversary celebration saturday, october 26 from 5-7 pm augustana lutheran church5500 s woodlawn avechicago, il 60637
check back here and on our facebook page for updates.









				proudly powered by wordpress			












