     new & used cars prince frederick, md | prince frederick ford                                                                                    prince frederick ford        sales 410-513-9730    service 410-449-7952  parts 410-316-6857      routes 4 and 231prince frederick, md 20678                                          service        map        contact                       prince frederick ford            call 410-513-9730   directions                  home   new   search new inventory   new vehicle specials   in-transit vehicles   quick quote   find my car   model showroom   schedule test drive     pre-owned   certified pre-owned overview   search pre-owned inventory   pre-owned specials   vehicles under 15k   carfax® 1 owner   quick quote   find my car   schedule test drive   ford pickup & delivery   schedule service   tires     trade in   commercial   commercial inventory   section 179     specials   new vehicle specials   used vehicle specials   service & parts specials   service & parts buy now, pay later     finance department   finance application   finance department   black book credit score estimator   ford lease deals   what's my buying power   get-prequalified     service & parts   fordpass   service & parts department   why service with us?   service & parts specials   finance your repair   order parts   oil service   tire service   brake service   battery service   fordpass rewards   ford protect     new ford models   about   about us   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   socially distanced pickup   contact us   2024 ford maverick   our blog   review center   privacy policy                     home   new   search new inventory   new vehicle specials   in-transit vehicles   quick quote   find my car   model showroom   schedule test drive     pre-owned   certified pre-owned overview   search pre-owned inventory   pre-owned specials   vehicles under 15k   carfax® 1 owner   quick quote   find my car   schedule test drive   ford pickup & delivery   schedule service   tires     trade in   commercial   commercial inventory   section 179     specials   new vehicle specials   used vehicle specials   service & parts specials   service & parts buy now, pay later     finance department   finance application   finance department   black book credit score estimator   ford lease deals   what's my buying power   get-prequalified     service & parts   fordpass   service & parts department   why service with us?   service & parts specials   finance your repair   order parts   oil service   tire service   brake service   battery service   fordpass rewards   ford protect     new ford models   about   about us   hours & directions   meet our staff   careers   socially distanced pickup   contact us   2024 ford maverick   our blog   review center   privacy policy           




    






    inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       






                                          disclaimer                                                                                                    disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                           







financing
get pre-approved










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory           choose your vehicle     edge        ecosport        escape        bronco        bronco sport        expedition max        explorer        f-150        ranger        super duty f-250 pickup        mustang        mustang mach-e          
     

why prince frederick ford?
ford dealership in prince frederick, md
our dedicated sales team boasts years of experience in meeting our customers' needs with excellence. take advantage of our online inventory browsing, request additional vehicle details, arrange a test drive, or explore financing options at your convenience!
more about us

      





f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 40 straight years.
it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. 
find yours


       
welcome to prince frederick ford, your go-to ford dealer serving prince frederick, california, dunkirk, solomons island, and all throughout southern maryland



we see a new ford in your future! here at prince frederick ford, we pride ourselves in placing our local blue oval emblem shoppers behind the wheel of their favorite new ford model. from the latest fords, reliable used vehicles, and fully-inspected ford blue advantage models, there is bound to be something in our inventory that will spark both inspiration and new adventures. shop our selection today and then schedule a test drive with a friendly sales representative at your prince frederick, md, ford dealer, located at the intersection of routes 4 and 231 in prince frederick, md, 20678, or call us at 410-513-9730.



learn more



legendary ford lineup

get ready to cruise the gorgeous chesapeake bay coast and the lush surroundings of southern maryland in a new ford! your prince frederick, md, ford dealer stocks the best of the blue oval lineup, which features everything from hardworking trucks, sleek family suvs, efficient hybrid vehicles, and high-performance models designed to stir your soul. our lineup of reliable new fords includes the ford bronco, ford bronco sport, ford ecosport, ford edge, ford escape, ford expedition, ford explorer, ford f-150, ford maverick, ford mustang, ford mustang mach-e, ford ranger, ford super duty series, and ford transit series of vans. not seeing what you desire in our inventory? contact our showroom today and ask about custom ordering your own ford!

shop new




shop pre-owned with confidence


from ford, to chevrolet, to honda, jeep, ram, and much more, your prince frederick, md, used car dealer is stuffed with used vehicles at attractive prices! each listing in our used inventory comes with a comprehensive carfax® vehicle history report detailing key events in the vehicle’s life. our monthly pre-owned specials also house a series of gently driven models ready for new homes.

shop pre-owned


put our finance team to work


once you have decided on your next vehicle, it’s time to determine if you would like to finance or lease. our finance department will work with local, regional, and national lenders to secure flexible and affordable financing to fit your budget. we can even help you rebuild your credit by getting you financed. with quick approvals, competitive rates, and available extended warranties, you can rest assured that you receive the best deal possible at your prince frederick, md, ford dealer. those looking to lease a new ford will also enjoy advantages such as the ability to upgrade to a new ford, utilize the latest technologies found in our world-class ford models, and manufacturer’s warranties to keep you and your vehicle covered throughout the lease term. fill out a finance application today to get started!


get pre-approved



keep moving


punctual, reliable, and comprehensive maintenance and repairs performed by the service department at your prince frederick, md, ford dealer will ensure you get the most out of every mile! our certified technicians are ready to keep you on the road with routine maintenance such as oil changes, battery replacements, tire rotations, and filter changes, but we are also equipped to handle major repairs to your vehicle’s engine, transmission, and drivetrain. our goal is to get automotive maintenance done correctly the first time. that way, you can get back on the road safely, swiftly, and onward to new destinations. schedule a service appointment at your prince frederick, md, ford dealer today!


service center




choose prince frederick ford


ready to get started? we certainly are! visit prince frederick ford today for a test drive!


contact us

         follow us on social media                                              dealership hours      monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday closed             


    although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.we strive to provide accurate information, but please verify options and price before purchasing. all vehicles are subject to prior sale and financing is subject to approved credit. new vehicles: all discounted internet prices exclude tax, tags, and a processing charge of $799 (not required by law). internet pricing may include current promotions, retail bonus cash, college grad rebate, military rebate, retail trade-in assist, conquest cash, or other manufacturer rebates at the time of pricing. ford financing may be required on select models for a portion of the manufacturer rebates. you may not qualify for all incentives. internet sales prices are subject to change as well as manufacturer rebates and incentives may vary based on your zip code. additional manufacturer rebates and incentives may apply to those who qualify. prices are valid based on current ford motor company incentive program time periods, which vary by model. prices exclude taxes, tags and $799 processing charge (not required by law). see dealer for details.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | consent preferences | additional disclosures prince frederick ford | routes 4 and 231, prince frederick, md 20678 | sales: 410-513-9730 |                




















            
                    