





kazior5 – welcome to my home zoo










































































 






home
pet care

dog
cat


pet health
cats vs dogs
pet feed
about me
contact me
 







 











welcome to 
kazior5 
							 



places i get pet feed at the best prices 
							click here 
							 



steps tokeeping pets clean 
							read more 
							 











steps to keeping pets clean



having a nice relationship with an animal can provide you with significant psychological and health benefits.








bathing a dog







it is preferable that you should bath your dog at least once a month. if your dog has an oily coat  then you should take it for a bath at least once a week.






bathing a cat







bathe your cat while talking with her in a nice and calm voice, this is necessary as some cats try to get rid of the tub. be gentle and if it is the first time then do not clean the cat.







read more about steps to keeping pets clean





about me



animals are loved by us all. they have their own world and emotions. having pet animals provide you a unique sense of happiness and pleasure. there are many animals out their which can be kept in this regard such as cats, dogs and rabbits etc. there are many people out there who purchase pets just because of their share love for animals however a very few people know that taming and taking care of animals is a complete science which needs to be learnt.
this little page of mine is dedicated to teaching people about how to take care of their pets. mere cleaning and cutting of the claws does not serve the purpose. there are several other aspects related to animal care as well which people usually do not know about. my aim is to make this page an encyclopedia for animal lovers where people from different countries and background can contact and learn from each other.







2023 is here... so are new discoveries!



gay pawn – adventures of broke guys trying to trick the pawn shop. not the brightest idea but worth giving it a shot. was it, though? see scammers being dealt with the original pawn way.


gay pawn - stream here



czech hunter – another reality like gay series, this time it’s from central europe. watch how economical situation makes straight czech guys try new things in order to get some quick coin.


czech hunter - stream herexempire - stream here



xempire – look no further for your source of the finest gonzo entertainment. this is the home to iconic series of darkx, hardx and other x branded gonzo styled fun!






transcest – the real ftm fun begins here. watch hot transitioned performers living their family fantasy kinks in the most naughty ways!


transcest - stream here





streaming series for 2022








bbcpie – if you are a fan of interracial creampies then you have just found your new home for video content. made in stunning 4k hd quality bbcpie takes a close look at hung black guys creaming white girls.









hot crazy mess – there are always girls with so many daddy issues needing help. there is even a fantasy website built around the issue, where these girls are showing their true face – of depraved naughty deviants.









facials4k stands for girls who love getting facials. this 2021 production is all about girls who are happy to receive load after load on their pretty faces.









footsie babes is your place if you love beautiful girls and well-cared feet, toes and soles. in this series you are about to experience the best of european content.









mom lover network – something true lovers of mom entertainment need to see asap. this brand new series of 2022 is debuting as you read this and it features 8 unique series, all of them featuring world’s most beautiful and kinkiest moms.









milfed – need more of mature ladies? good, because with this series from mile high media you will get the very best of it. watch moms engage in questionable practices in those fantasy, yet real-life driven situations.







in the blog



this little page of mine is dedicated to teaching people about how to take care of their pets.






cats make better pets than dogs



there are many reasons to believe that cats make better pets than dogs and below you will find some of those reasons.













space


first and foremost cats do not require a lot of space to live, they are much smaller than dogs which allows them to live anywhere they can fit.











happy indoors


this is not a problem with cats, it is because cats stay happy indoors and when they want to leave they do so on their own and return home after few minutes.











kittens vs puppies


kittens are easier to look after than puppies, although both of these animals require a lot of attentions during the first few weeks, cats are easier to get through.







contact me


i am open to ideas and your feedback and comments really help me.





animal care is not a piece of cake and any negligence from your part can even cause death of your pet. if you experience anything unusual in your animal then do not try any medication on your own rather consult a vet at the earliest.
my phone number is very much evident on my webpage hence you can always call me too. however do not call me on sundays as this is the only day where i spend some time with my family.


send me a message


































 all right reserved 2017 kazior5  | terms of service | privacy policy | cookies |

 















































