
welcome to oupower.com"over unity power" researchhydrogen fuel, over unity, free energy and zero point energy research


this page deals with over unity power research,


this page deals with over unity power research, hydrogen fuel
on demand, free energy devices, zero point energy, gravity
engines, permanent magnet motors, pulse motors and anything else
that i feel like posting :) it is mainly intended as a means for
me to quickly, freely and easily release my research results and
various projects to the public. the only thing that i
ask, is that you please recognize me as the inventor if
you use or reproduce any of my designs. big oil industry and
other mysterious forces have ruled far too long over the realm of
technology that should be given freely to society. if we want to
make the world a better place, we have to start by giving back to
that which gave us life. we have to start caring for the earth,
more than we care for our wealth.
i started dabbling in this work back when we lived in
harrisburg, pa. that was 1998. i was drawn to it through reading
everything i could on cold fusion research. but i was too poor to
afford the equipment to participate in those experiments, so i
just kept reading. then one day, i read an article on
"perpetual motion" and gravity engines. these were
simple wooden machines with moving parts. now there is something
i can afford to do! so i built some stuff in my basement and
began my little hobby. it has since grown to far more than just
overbalanced wheel research. please explore my links below and
you will see what i mean. i will do my best to cronicle all of my
work for you you to freely follow my progress.


this website is created and maintained by chris--at--oupower--dot--com (fix the address for it to work!)this web site was last updated on: october 18, 2011 02:44pm v7.01warning! many, if not all of the projects described within these pages, contain dangerous and potentially fatal 
consequences if you do not exercise proper precautions and follow standard safety procedures. the owner of this site takes 
no responsibility for injury sustained by anyone attempting to duplicate or utilize any of the information on this site. the 
information here is strictly for educational purposes! -use at your own risk!
click here to go to my youtube channel!!click here to go to our new facebook discussion group! this is replacing the old discussion board!click here to go to our archived discussion boards. please consider donating to help support this website!


please click any project link below to display the contents!my projects     for sale          large drive sockets (3 items)      over unity related projects          coils (10 items)           dc_pulse_motors (6 items)           electrolysis (348 items)                electrolysis basics (10 items)                electrolyzer v5 (21 items)                electrolyzer v6 (33 items)                hydrogen_fuel (38 items)           ou_generators (2 items)           overbalanced_wheels (8 items)           prototype_water_engine (18 items)           van_de_graaff (10 items)      shop projects          brake drum forge (39 items)           clausing 6913 lathe (73 items)           ford 1841-s          foundry (146 items)           gingery lathe (26 items)           rotary phase converter (9 items)           styrofoam_cutting (6 items)           tree journeyman 200r milling machine (53 items)           winding_jig (1 item)           woodgas (7 items)           workshop (91 items)           wvo sucker (5 items)           wvo turk burner (29 items)           wvo ursutz burner (25 items)      some educational and fun stuff          blythe_glass_studio (53 items)           cornwall_iron_furnace_in_pa (36 items)           hopewell_furnace_in_pa (56 items)           the_double_barrel_hydrogen_squirt_gun (39 items)           vintage_moto-ski_snowmobiles (17 items)      various misc projects          lee_crock (1 item) 


other peoples projects     .website guides     adam666     alaskastar     antdavison     aspectus     atlas541     bart west-vl.     bcash4039     beshires1     biggeorge     bigj8550     bill     billyhydrogen     binarybuddha     bobby r     cjmoss     clovisc     cnctony     coffeyw     cperry911     dan dan     dave     deank     drewsky     electrogasman     etownlax     fixaze     gas-mechanic     glenn_aircooled     h2o     herby53     hkyle     hockeyboy3089     hydrocurious     hydrodude12     jaenergy     jake martin     jay     jehu     jjbeamish     kadora     kansashonda     kd7twf     kevinsatterfield     kumaran     kww     linnard     looking in     loster     mark seymour     mkc1962     mos68x     mrdovie     mrgalleria     mzk     nakros     nerd_weed     nickle989     orange_crusader     palic     pertyfly     peterza     pirjar     redriderno22     resident_genius     rnorr002     rs     saisunee     scottc     seamonkey     sebaw     shine_runner01     slipstreem11     sparkgap     spencyg     steve-tee     thespecialist     thirsty     thrival     tj4440     waterbard     waterfireho     weggl     williamssteve     wjbivens     yikesclick here to post your personal project pages on oupower.com ...it's free! 


this website is created and maintained by chris--at--oupower--dot--com (fix the address for it to work!)this web site was last updated on: october 18, 2011 02:44pm v7.01warning! many, if not all of the projects described within these pages, contain dangerous and potentially fatal 
consequences if you do not exercise proper precautions and follow standard safety procedures. the owner of this site takes 
no responsibility for injury sustained by anyone attempting to duplicate or utilize any of the information on this site. the 
information here is strictly for educational purposes! -use at your own risk!
click here to go to my youtube channel!!click here to go to our new facebook discussion group! this is replacing the old discussion board!click here to go to our archived discussion boards. please consider donating to help support this website!









if we can inspire the minds of our
children, they will open doors we never even knew to exist...

now if i can just get a little more hydrogen
into this explosion chamber ......



please share it ...for free

        we are on the edge
           of revolution my friend,
        destroying our home
           as time draws to an end.
        they can't possibly think
           that the money they gain
        will do any good
           once our precious earth has been slain?
        we push to discover
           and strive to find out
        all the secrets of science
           and what life's all about.
        but just when the big break
           or discovery is made...
        they swoop down and buy it,
           yes for silence they've paid!
        they go back to work,
           breathing a sigh of relief
        they've conquered another,
           robbed our future like a thief.
        just how long can this way
           continue to last and go on...
        'til every tree is burned down?
           'til the sky blackens the dawn?
        if we'd just open our eyes
           and see money can't be our goal...
        it's our world we must save
           or we will pay the toll!
        if we discover a marvel
           something to save you and me;
        why can't we just share it...
           simply share it for free?

        copyright © january 2000 christopher t. moore
take care of me or i shall die!

        "take care of me"
           she used to cry...
        "take care of me
           or i shall die!"
        but did you listen
           did you heed?
        did you care
           for any need?
        open your eyes
           and see for yourself
        get down from your perch
           take your mind "off the shelf!"
        you arrogant fool
           don't you know what you are doing?
        don't you realize that in her
           it is yourself that you are viewing?
        what good is your money,
           all your power and fame...
        when there's nothing but dirt left
           you'll have no one to blame!
        so wake up right now,
           put your head back on straight
        because if you haven't yet noticed
           it is nearly too late!

        copyright © july 2001 christopher t. moore





