









grey's point camp | destination campground near the chesapeake bay in topping, virgina – just another rv resort sites site




























 










menu


our resort
home sales
 




book now
(877) 570-2267






photo gallery







 





stay and play by the chesapeake bay!
number of sites: 774   13 rental cabins   open 3/29 – 11/15   call: (877) 570-2267
whether you want to splash, explore, picnic, or relax, grey’s point camp is one of our newest resorts and has beautiful facilities and lots of activities to keep you entertained all season long! let the kids run free at the sprawling water park while you relax at the perfect spot on the beach. take a dip in one of several refreshing pools. rent a kayak or canoe to explore the river wildlife or paddle out on the pond with your friends for a change of scenery. let your toes sink into the sand on the beach or challenge your friends to build the highest sand castle! bring your boat and fishing gear to see who can make the biggest catch in the chesapeake bay. the sundeck begs you to bring out a picnic and a glass of wine to enjoy the afternoon breeze and some relaxation! at this beautiful campground, there’s something fun for everyone.

map & directions
general policies and information





take a virtual tour





rv-micro-swoosh




packed with amenities
whether you’re planning a retreat for the whole family, a group of friends or a getaway for two, there’s no shortage of unique activities to explore. looking for more? our friendly staff can fill you in on all the ways to make your stay a memorable experience.
basketballbike rentalboat docks/marinaboat rampdog parknear beachoutdoor pavilionpet friendlypicnic/bbq areaplaygroundstoreswimming pool








vacation rentals
we do not allow pets in some accommodation types; however, we do allow service animals and a service animal may have stayed in a non-pet rental. pets are welcome. for those who camp with pets, there is a pet fee of $10 per pet per day for our pet-friendly lodging. the fee may vary at select properties. service animals are not pets.




one bedroom / one bath park model. sleeps 6. no pets allowed
queen bed in bedroom, queen sleeper sofa in living area, 2 twin mattress in lofts. full kitchen with service for 6. ac and heat linens are provided. 
take a virtual tourpark model








quaint cabin stays
if you’re not looking to purchase a vacation cottage but you’re looking for your next glamping adventure, book one of our cozy cabins today.
one bedroom cottage: sleeps 6, queen bed in bedroom, queen sleeper sofa in living area, 2 twin mattress in lofts. full kitchen with service for 6. ac and heat. linens are provided.








bring your rv
in addition to our beautiful vacation cottages, we also have spacious rv sites available for short overnight stays or long-term seasonal stays.

back-in value: grass sites with 30/50 amp electric, cable hookup, and a picnic table.
pull-through value: pavement sites with 30/50 amp electric, cable hookup, and a picnic table.
back-in standard: wooded setting with 30/50 amp electric and sewer, cable hookup, and a picnic table. only available for seasonal bookings.
back-in premium: grass or gravel sites with 30/50 amp electric, sewer, and a picnic table. some have a concrete patio. can accommodate any size rv. only available for seasonal bookings.
pull-through premium: grass or gravel sites with 30/50 amp electric, sewer, and a picnic table. some have a concrete patio. can accommodate any size rv.
pull-through elite: pavement sites with 30/50 amp electric, sewer, cable hookup, and a picnic table.





download resort map











×






 







sign up for news & deals 

















thank you

×



thank you for signing up for news and deals from grey's point camp!


close




 









3601 grey’s point road, topping, va 23169
call (877) 570-2267

map & directions

book now
©2025 grey's point general policies and information privacy policy





book now





grey's point camp privacy policy

×



privacy policyliability disclaimer
the information, software, products, and services published on this website may include
inaccuracies or typographical errors. we update and/or change the information provided on
www.rvonthego.com site and our campusa app from time to time. equity lifestyle properties,
inc. ("els") and/or its affiliates and suppliers make no representations about the
suitability of the information, products, software and services contained on this website.
information contained on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. els
and/or its respective affiliates and suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties with regard
to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. in no event
shall els and/or its suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental,
special or consequential damages arising out of or in any way connected with the use of
this website or with any delay in using or inability to use this website, or for any
information, software, products, or services obtained through this web site, or otherwise
arising out of the use of this website, whether based on contract, tort, strict liability
or otherwise, even if els or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of
such damages. because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation
of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply
to you. reservations based on inaccurate information are subject to cancellation at our
discretion.
equity lifestyle properties, inc. (hereinafter the "company" or "we", "us" or "our") is
committed to safeguarding your privacy online. please read the following policy to
understand how your personal information will be treated as you access our various web
sites, e-mails, social media or mobile applications (hereinafter "our sites"). this policy
may change from time to time so please check back periodically.
digital millennium copyright act (“dmca”) notice
if you believe any material available via this website infringes a copyright you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement with our designated agent as set forth below.
equity lifestyle properties, inc.
two north riverside plaza, suite 800
chicago, il 60606
attention: dmca designated agent
webmaster@equitylifestyle.com
please see 17 u.s.c. §512(c)(3) for the requirements of a proper notification. you should note that if you knowingly misrepresent in your notification that the material or activity is infringing, you will be liable for any damages, including costs and attorneys' fees, incurred by us or the alleged infringer as the result of our relying upon such misrepresentation in removing or disabling access to the material or activity claimed to be infringing.
if a notice of copyright infringement has been filed against material posted by you on the website, you may make a counter-notification with our designated agent listed above, provided that such counter-notification complies with the requirements of 17 u.s.c. §512(g)(3). if we receive a valid counter-notification, it may reinstate the removed or disabled material in accordance with the dmca.
this policy will let you know:

1.
what personally identifiable information is collected from you;

2.
what cookies are and how they are used;

3.
who is collecting your information?

4.
how your information is used;

5.
with whom your information may be shared;

6.
what choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of
your information;

7.
how we protect children's privacy;

8.
our policy for the use of images;

9.
what you should know before uploading your own content.




 

1. what personally identifiable information is collected from you?

we collect information about you and from you in various different ways when you
interact with our sites. as one example, some personal information is collected when
you register on our sites, at which time we may ask you for your name, postal address,
email address, telephone number, and other information that we find helpful in order to
provide our customers with the very best service we can.
in addition to registration we may ask you for personal information at other times,
including (but not limited to) when you make a reservation or take advantage of the
other features of the site. for example, if you pay for a reservation with a credit
card, we would collect the account number in order to process the payment. if you
contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.



 

2. what cookies are and how they are used?

as part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, our sites may
use†cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. a cookie is a small
amount of data that is sent to your browser from a server and stored on your computer's
hard drive. several features of our sites require that you accept cookies in order to
work properly. we often use cookies to store visitors' preferences and record session
information.
we use cookies in order to optimize our marketing efforts as well as those of other
third parties, with regard to advertising. these cookies are shared with third parties
such as advertising and social media networks, or other companies, in order for these
entities to be able to yield more efficient use of available advertising inventory.
for these purposes, the cookies are usually placed by the advertising networks and
other media properties we work with. this functionality enables these entities to
remember that you have visited our sites, and this information is then shared with
third parties such as advertisers and data processing and targeting companies.
cookies are also placed by other third parties, such as companies that track, measure
and analyze various aspects of our web site activity in order to help us customize and
improve the web site experience for visitors to our sites, and to provide other third
parties with information about visitors to our sites to help optimize their marketing
efforts.
you have choices with respect to cookies. by modifying your browser preferences, you
have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to
reject all cookies. if you choose to reject all cookies you will be unable to use
those services of our sites that require registration in order to participate. these
services include auto-fill in of the logon form, the ability to book reservations,
and potentially other features of our sites. however, you can still use other
features of our sites even if you do not accept cookies. our sites may also collect†ip
addresses†which can be used to correlate a cookie with your specific computer or device.
please also note that you can opt out of our advertising service provider(s) and other
companies' tracking cookies by visiting the digital advertising alliance located at
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or the network
advertising initiative located at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.



 

3. who is collecting your information?

when you are asked for personal information on our sites, you are sharing that
information with equity lifestyle properties, inc. and its affiliates, unless it
is specifically stated otherwise.
we also work with third-party companies that use their tracking technologies
(including cookies and pixel tags) on our websites in order to provide tailored
advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the internet.
these companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your
interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information
to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications. for more
information about this practice and to understand your options including how to opt
out of receiving these tailored advertisements, please visit the network advertising
initiative’s (nai’s) consumer opt-out page, currently located at
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.



 

4. how your information is used?

the primary goal of our sites in collecting personal information is to provide you,
the user, with a customized and optimized experience and to assist you in communications
and completing transactions with us.
from time to time, we may allow third party advertising networks to collect and use your
information to show you targeted ads (including our ads) on our sites or on other sites
. this typically involves the ad network collecting and tracking certain technical
information (such as your ip address) and web site usage information (such as your
browsing history) on our sites and across many other sites on the web. however, this
does not involve the collection, use, or sharing of your personal contact information,
such as your name or email address. you can opt-out from this type of third party
tracking at any time by going to:

http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp

with respect to security, when we receive certain types of sensitive information such
as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. we have reasonable
security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of
information that we have collected from you on our site.



 

5. with whom your information may be shared?

as a general rule, we will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information
except as set forth below.
we may share information about you within the equity lifestyle properties, inc. family
of companies in order to better serve you and to offer you worthwhile products and
services. we are permitted by law to share with our affiliates identification
information, such as your name and address, and facts about your transactions and
experiences with us (such as your payment history and other transactions on your
accounts with us). unless you otherwise request, we may also share all of the other
information we collect with our affiliates. you may request that we not share this
other information with our affiliates by following the procedure explained in "what
choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of your
information?" below. we will implement your request within a reasonable time after we
receive it.
we may share your information (including personal contact information about you) as set
forth below.

with agents and contractors who help us run our sites or perform other services on
our behalf (e.g., e-mail delivery, mailing list management, analysis, optimization
services, etc.). these companies are only allowed to access and use your information
for the specific task they've been hired to do and are required to keep your
information confidential and secure.
for legal-related purposes (if necessary), including disclosures in connection with
a lawsuit or legal investigation, court order, governmental inquiry, enforcement of
legal rights (e.g., contract terms, intellectual property rights, etc.), fraud
investigation, safety issue, or other similar matter.

we are permitted by law to share all the information we collect, as described above:
(1) with companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, and (2) with other
nonaffiliated third parties such as third parties that assist us with processing or
collecting payments on your account. please be advised that the preferences you express
as described below will not apply to the sharing of information with these third
parties.
unless you request otherwise, we may share all the information we collect, as described
above, with additional types of nonaffiliated third parties, such as firms that offer
products and services of interest to our customers. in connection therewith:
(a) if you supply us with your e-mail address, you may receive periodic e-mails from us
regarding products or services or upcoming events we think you might find interesting.
in addition, from time to time, we make our e-mail list available to other reputable
organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting.
(b) if you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from
us with information regarding products or services or upcoming events we think you
might find interesting. in addition, from time to time, we make our customer mailing
list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think
you might find interesting.
(c) if you supply us with your telephone number, you may receive telephone contact from
us with information on new products or services or upcoming events we think you might
find interesting.
if you do not wish to receive such emails, mailings or telephone calls, you may request
that we not share nonpublic personal information about you with nonaffiliated third
parties by following the procedure explained in "what choices are available to you
regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information" below. we will
implement your request within a reasonable time after we receive it.
we may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to
believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring
legal action against someone who may be violating the terms and conditions or access
agreement of our sites or may be causing injury to or interference with (either
intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, users of our sites, or
anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. we may disclose or access
account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for
administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and
improve our products and services.



 

6. what choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of
your information?

if you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most
of our sites, but you will not be able to access areas or use features that require
registration.
you may also tell us your preferences by:

sending an email to 
opt-out@equitylifestyle.com
.
calling us toll free at 877-570-2267.
writing us at equity lifestyle properties, inc., two north riverside plaza, suite
800, chicago, il 60606, attn: privacy

when you contact us, please be prepared to provide the following information
for each individual:

first name, middle initial and last name
address, city, state and zip code
telephone number (if applicable)
e-mail address (if applicable)




 

7. how we protect children's privacy

our sites are general audience sites. children should always ask a parent for
permission before sending personal information to anyone online. we do not
intentionally collect or share personal information about users under the age of
13. in addition, we will not send any direct email offers to users who indicate they
are under the age of 13.



 

8. our policy for the use of images

all images and/or pictures of properties featured on our sites are our property, and
any unauthorized reproduction, appropriation, or distribution of the aforementioned
images and/or pictures is prohibited.



 

9. what you should know before uploading your own content

if you upload your own content to our sites or via social media, such as comments,
reviews, photos, or videos of your stay at one of our properties, you should note
that this content will be accessible by the public at large, and not just by us.
therefore, you should never upload any content that you do not want others to have
access to. it is also important that you only upload content that is not identifiable
to you personally, such as your email or postal addresses, phone number, names of your
children, etc. you should not upload photos of videos that include people that you do
not know and/or have their permission to use.

eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) notice

rvonthego.com does not envisage the offering of its products and services to individuals located in the european union.
les produits et services offerts sur rvonthego.com ne s'adressent pas aux particuliers situés dans l'union européenne.
rvonthego.com no planea ofrecer sus productos y servicios a individuos que viven en la unión europea.
 







grey's point camp general policies and information

×



general policies & information

policies subject to change without prior notice.
please visit the office for a complete list of policies and procedures.

hours


rv check-in: 2 p.m.
rental check-in: 4 p.m.
rv check-out: 12 noon
rental check-out: 11 a.m.


check-in/check-out

minimum check-in age is 18 years.
guests aged 17 years and under at the time of check-in are considered children.
two-hour early check-in for your reservation may be available for $30. please contact the management office, in advance of your arrival, to inquire about availability.
two-hour late check-out for your reservation may be available for $30. please contact the management office, in advance of your arrival, to inquire about availability.

after hours/early arrival

to inquire about the availability of early/late arrival and/or late departure (requires a half-day rate charge), please contact our front desk prior to arrival at (804) 758-2485.

rate & reservations information

the rates displayed do not include any applicable service fees or charges for optional incidentals.
rv sites and lodging typically accommodate four guests.  a guest fee is added per day to the reservation rate for each additional guest over four.
by using a credit card for a deposit, guarantee or payment, you agree to the following: if i used a credit card for a deposit, guarantee or payment, i authorize mhc property management l.p. to charge any expenses incurred during my stay to that credit card or apply funds i have on deposit with mhc property management l.p. against what i owe.

rv campsites

advance reservations are suggested. a reservation guarantees a site but not a specific site. however we will attempt to accommodate site requests when possible. all reservations are for two adults (ages 18+) and two children (ages 17 & under). up to eight persons and two cars including guests and visitors may occupy one campsite. extra adults and/or children require extra daily fees.
utility and cargo trailers must be parked on the guest’s campsite. boats and trailers cannot park at the marina or on any campsite. you will need to park at other designated areas.
for regular operating season dates a deposit equal to one night camping is required to reserve a site. no reservations will be held without a deposit. a three-night minimum stay is required on premium weekends. oyster festival requires a two-night minimum stay for friday arrivals, a three-night minimum stay for thursday arrivals. 

cottage rentals

check-in after 4 p.m. if available, any check-in prior to 4 p.m. will require a half-day rate charge.
check-out before 11 a.m. if available, late check-out requires a half-day rate charge.
no refunds for early departure, inclement weather or changing to a lesser priced vacation rental.
pets are not permitted in vacation rental cottage areas including the decks and interiors of cottages.
smoking is not allowed in vacation rentals. 
all rates plus tax are based on the following maximum occupancy of overnight guests: one bedroom deluxe (6 persons).
to qualify for a weekly or monthly rate you must stay a minimum of 7 or 30 consecutive non-premium nights. premium nights will not qualify for any discounted rate.
day visitors (4 years and older) must pay the guest fee of $6 per person.
reservations require a two-night minimum (three-night minimum for premium weekends) and a deposit of 50% of the rental fees, payable at the time of reservation.

cancellation policy

in the case of multiple sites booked, cancellation penalties apply to each site that is cancelled or changed. 
no refunds will be issued for early check-out. 
rv campsites: we allow full refunds for cancellations up to 2 days prior to your arrival date for daily and weekly reservations.
rental accommodations: we allow full refunds for cancellations 7 days prior to your arrival date for daily and weekly reservations.
daily and weekly reservations: for cancellations received less than the required notice period prior to arrival, your deposit will be forfeited up to one night rack rate. 
extended stays: for long-term reservations (28 days or longer), we allow full refunds for cancellations up to 60 days prior to your arrival date. for cancellations received less than the required notice period prior to arrival, the deposit amount will be held on account for a future stay.
no refunds for early departure or inclement weather.

visitors

a visitor is anyone who is not registered with the original party. 
all visitors, additional family members and friends are required to register at the gatehouse or office upon arrival. 
all fees are payable upon registration. we allow a maximum of eight persons and two cars per campsite including visitors.
we reserve the right to limit the number of persons occupying and/or visiting a site. grey’s point's visitor fee is $6 per person per day all season (ages 4 & above).

additional charges

rv left on site with utilities $17 per day
rv left on site without utilities $10 per day
sewage dumping service (non-campers) $25

golf carts

the speed limit in the park is 10 mph.
a limited number of golf cart rentals are available on a first-come, first-served basis. rate is $70 (standard carts) per 24 hours, plus sales tax.
golf carts can only be rented to the site reservation holder and must be a licensed adult driver, 21 years or older.
anyone operating a golf cart must be at least 18 years of age and have a valid driver’s license.
golf cart passengers may not exceed the number of manufactured seats on the golf cart.
golf carts may be reserved in advance for handicapped guests with payment required in advance. other restrictions may apply.

private golf cart fee and policy

private golf carts must be the property of the site reservation holder. additionally, guests must provide a declaration page showing proof of current $100,000 golf cart liability insurance, pay the daily fee of $15 in-full at the time of registration or $150 for a season pass.
all private golf cart operators must comply with resort guidelines including a lifted height maximum of 20" ground to floorboard and minimum operator age of 16 with a valid driver’s license (driver permit not valid).
music originating from golf carts must be kept at an unobtrusive volume at all times.
flying or displaying flags or banners from golf carts is prohibited.
outside rental golf carts are not permitted on the resort.
gas powered golf carts are not permitted on-site.

bicycles and scooters

all foot-propelled bicycles, scooters or similar items in use after dusk must have a white light mounted on the front and a red light or red reflector mounted on the back. 
3-wheelers, 4-wheelers, motor bikes, gas scooters, go-carts and minibikes are not allowed to be operated on resort property.

pet policy

domestic feline and canine pets are welcome at the resorts. all other pets must be approved prior to arrival. please clean up after all pets and keep them under your control.
pets must be attended to at all times. 
pets are not permitted on the premises of vacation rental cottages, facilities or water parks. we do not allow pets in these areas; however, we do allow service animals and a service animal may be or have been present. all pets must be on a hand held leash no longer than six feet and when outside, under the control of an adult handler at all times.

boats and boat ramp

use of the boat ramp is included with paid overnight registration.
boats may be parked at the boat ramp for loading or unloading only. after launching, trailers must be parked in designated areas if space permits or you may rent a dry storage space at the front desk.
no boat, personal jet skis or similar vehicle is permitted to be parked on any campsite space.

tents and vans

our permit does not allow us to accept ground tents or vans without water and electric hook-ups.

water park restriction

for the safety of our guests, a minimum height restriction of 48" applies for use of all waterslides. water parks open on a varied schedule, please inquire at time of reservation.

campfires

all campfires must be surrounded by a fire ring and completely extinguished before leaving the site or retiring for the night.

drones

the resorts prohibit any flying device including drones, etc. for the safety of the park and any regulatory requirements.
 
























































































































































































×




our resort
home sales
 





