









homepage - newtown.org
















































































skip to content



































menu 
living here take a tour business listings our schools private schools & daycares recreationbusiness resources why newtown? business directory new businesses commercial propertiesthings to do fairfield hills calendar hosting event at fairfield hills edmond town hall museums and more local businessesbusiness directory








 















 
welcome to newtowngeographically, we're the largest community in fairfield county. ask around, though, and discover how newtown maintains that small town charm for friends & family.


learn more



 


 
edmond town hallmuch more than a theatre, edmond town hall offers office space, a commercial kitchen, full gym, and 2 performance spaces. it's newtown's premier destination for events!


learn more



 


 
unique by naturehome to one of connecticut's remaining 9 boroughs, newtown offers more than a dozen public parks, a state forest, waterfront recreation, and 30 scenic trails to hike. we're unique, by nature.


learn more



 






























explore our community








if enjoying the arts, hiking, cruising down the lake, dining al fresco, or chatting over coffee aren't really your thing, no problem — there's plenty more to do here in newtown.




















living here






what makes newtown so welcoming? it starts with our active and supportive community.







learn more




















business resources






find out why so many businesses choose to call newtown home. hint: it's all about location!







learn more




















things to do






from shops and museums to parks, restaurants, or trails — there's always something new to explore!







learn more

























get in touch






whether it's a question about doing business in town, or you have an idea for an event at fairfield hills, reach out. our friendly staff will respond in a timely manner, or refer you to the right person to assist you. talk to you soon!








  

your name
please enter your name.



your email
please enter a valid email.



your message
please enter a message.




send



message sent!
message failed. please try again.




















follow us








keep up with everything that's happening around town on ig @newtownsandyhookct.





























































































 














subscribe to our newsletter






name last name email (required) *select list(s) to subscribe togeneral interest yes, i would like to receive emails from newtown.org.constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: . you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the safeunsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. emails are serviced by constant contact

















about us






we create and support initiatives to help stimulate economic development and enhance our vibrant newtown community.

























address













newtown municipal center3 primrose streetnewtown, ct 06470 










contact us













office hours: monday – friday10:00am – 4:30pm 














hello@newtown-ct.gov 














(203) 270-4271 




















































newtown is a welcoming member of the western ct tourism district.




















© 2025 newtown.org. all rights reserved.
proudly supported by newtown based map agency and wingcat web design.









 



sign in or register
to save your favourite homes and more

			log in with email        
don't have an account? sign up



sign in or register
to save your favourite homes and more


all log in options        



email


password


forgot password?

 
 log in

don't have an account? sign up



reset password
enter your email address and we will send you a link to change your password.




email

 send reset link
back to login




get started with your account
to save your favourite homes and more
sign up with email
already have an account? log in



get started with your account
to save your favourite homes and more


all sign up options        





emailyou'll use it to sign in, and we'll use it to contact you.


password
can't contain the name or email address
at least 8 characters
contains a number or symbol


sign up
by clicking the «sign up» button you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy already have an account? log in



powered by estatik


















