


home - skillz

 


































































 login to skillz 3.0


















































early skillz
early skillz ground


basic
basic skillz
basic skillz ground


core
core skillz
core skillz ground


extreme
extreme skillz
extreme skillz ground


elite
kamas
double chuks
creative form
traditional form
station breaking
creative breaking
power breaking
capoeira
kung fu
knife
grappling
dynamic kicking
dynamic pad kicking
continuous sparring
point sparring
ninja warrior
ultimate ninja trial
black belt training


signature
creative kamas
creative bo
trick breaking
creative chuks
sword
extreme form
flying kamas
kicks & acro


fit
class 1fundamentals & functional fitness
class 2cardio strength & endurance
class 3strength & stretching
class 4performance & core strength


















home

 about skillz 

skillz experts

faq's

contact us

free life skillz

get started today!





































spectrum skillz
                            

sign up today!
 









start using skillz in your school today! 
                            

get started with skillz! 
                            

get started
 

 
   







 age-specific training
at different ages, kids have different motor skills & levels of intelligence. by breaking kids up based on these scientific facts - and giving them exactly what they need at each level - class becomes more powerful, fun, and easy than ever.

 amazing support
 easily train your staff
 never plan class again!

  find out more!  



 our team / skillz experts
we have got some best instructors available who can help you to implement skillz in your school. skillz experts are available in regions all over the world to help you get started today!

 real school owners and instructors
 years of experience using skillz
 ready to help you get started today!

  meet our team!  



 get started today!
we are happy offer many skillz programs to suit the variety of martial arts schools today. skillz programs are already being used by over 200 schools worldwide and are completely customizable for any martial arts style.

 access to individual or all skillz programs
 access a library of over 1600 martial arts drills
 school downloads and marketing materials available

  get started today!  
  



 
  


welcome to skillz connect!
classes now becomes more powerful, fun, and easy than ever.
our curriculum is infused with the latest understandings in child psychology and development. this means that your martial arts program isn't just a martial arts program any more...it's now a child development course. 
parents value this far more, making it easier to sell, and allowing you to charge higher prices without seeing a drop in enrollments. in fact, most skillz schools see a dramatic rise in their student counts, fast.
				that's because we'll also teach you how to sell the program with our revolutionary approach. you get all this and more when you join the skillz family.  







 


our programs
find best program for your school!  



skillz all access






 
$97 down - $49 / month 
skillz drills
plug-in these age-specific drills to your daily classes and watch your students' excitement soar!

 pick from 8 program options!
 each program contains over 200 drills including warm-ups, skill-based drills, stretches, and end of class games!
 skillz drills work for every martial arts style!  
 start today! 




 
$497 down - $199 / month 
individual all-access skillz programs
these turn-key programs are so easy to implement, that you can launch the program today! 

 pick from 7 program options!
 each all-access membership includes the drills membership, plus your entire curriculum, marketing, and training! 
 skillz all-access works for every martial arts style! 
 start today! 




 

 
$997 down - $499 / month 
complete all-access skillz program
get full access to all of the skillz programs for a complete done-for-you school!

 includes all-access to 15 skillz programs! 
 skillz all-access works for every martial arts style!
 additional benefits include territory rights, seminar tickets, and bonus marketing and business strategies!
 start today! 














 






its easy, its brilliant, it works!

1

select a program you like and explore it!
choose 1 or all skillz programs and get started today! 
  


2

talk to a skillz expert to know more about it!
skillz experts are utilizing skillz programs in their schools. ask an expert! 
  


3

get started today and see the benefits of skillz!
get ready to grow your kids program like never before! 
  














our testimonials
what real school owners say about us?  




  


"makes classes easy to run, fun to participate in, and beneficial for every child..."
"the skillz connect program has been the most efficient and effective age-based curriculum i have used in over 15 years of teaching". ali massa 

  


  


"skillz has ... outstanding class plans, drills, videos, letters, emails, etc..."
" i give the skillz program credit in helping me grow my business from renting out of a gym to having my own space". sonia mendez 

  















 	if you have any questions email us jeff@skillzworldwide.com


email us









about us

after teaching what i’ve discovered to hundreds of school owners worldwide, i went to work creating a done-for-you system that you could just pick up and follow. it covers all of the problems most schools face with kids, and gives you a simple solution that works.
if you have any questions at all, don’t hesitate to reach out to my team and me. we’re here to help. -melody shuman


quick links


programs
about
skillz experts



contact hours


monday: 09:00 - 17:00 
tuseday: 09:00 - 17:00
wednesday: 09:00 - 17:00
thursday: 09:00 - 17:00
friday: 09:00 - 17:00







address:
5543 park st. n
                                st. petersburg, fl 33709, usa



phone:
email support below to schedule a phone call!



email:
jeff@skillzworldwide.com




                            social: 
                            











2025 © skillz all rights reserved.




home
about skillz
skillz experts
skillz programs
contact us











































