





sscs – software and applications for the modern convenience store and gas station.





























  


skip to content




toggle navigationhomeproductsproduct overviewcomputerized daily bookinventory managementpos interfacedirect store deliveriesbookkeepingfood servicefuel managementpromotionsvendorstransaction analysismonitoring cashier activityanalyzing item salesmonitoring promotionsmonitoring questionable transactionsstore staffing analysisfuel salestransaction loghhslotterycentral price booktobacco rebate exportsunray cloud hostingautomotive serviceother servicessupportabout our supportsupport toolscontact supporttrainingaboutabout ussoc 2customer success storiescompany historyroi calculatorcareerseventssscs countrycontactloginrequest a demo
 





sscs homedoug2023-07-24t10:53:14-07:00 

 











software and applicationsfor the modern convenience store and gas station.
our products
since 1981, we've worked with over 15,000 sites, across the us and beyond. 
							 











automate.
the computerized daily book is our flagship back office system. it meets the needs of the modern convenience store or gas station operator by simplifying the challenges of inventory management, and centralizing paperwork in one place. it grows store profits by allowing you to exercise control over every aspect of your business.
monitor.
sift through the information processed in your convenience store or gas station from any internet-enabled device, so that nothing escapes your notice. transaction analysis captures the information recorded at your store’s pos and organizes it into actionable information.standardize.
our central price book app is a cloud-based, scalable enterprise price book system. it allows you to control, approve, update, and transfer prices from one location. transfer information to and from pricing zones by percentage, margin, or dollar amount. easily stay on top of your franchise’s requirements for price book maintenance.
40+ years of successwith a legacy of consistency and stability in the the industry, you can depend on us.
15,000+ systems installedfrom coast to coast and beyond, our software helps all sorts of operations flourish.
hands-on supportwe’re there from your first click of the mouse up until you master our suite of products.




 
 
cdb overview
inventory management
pos interface
direct store deliveries
bookkeeping
food service
fuel management
promotions
vendors
transaction analysis
monitoring cashier activity
analyzing item sales
monitoring promotions
questionable transactions
store staffing analysis
transaction log
handheld software
central price book
other services
support
support tools
contact support
training
about us
our customers
company history
careers
events
contact
customer login
service station computer systems
650 work street
salinas, ca 93901
sales: (800) 972-7727
sales@sscsinc.com
support: (831) 755-1800
support@sscsinc.com
canada customers: (855) 784-0550salinas fax: (831) 422-1463
 
at sscs, our mission is to create customer-driven products of the highest quality. our applications contribute directly to improved productivity, profitability, and success. the excellence that we achieve and deliver to our customers is a direct reflection of the unmatched knowledge and dedication of our employees.

privacy policy




 
 



page load link















go to top




