


ent, allergy & audiology care ny & nj | ent and allergy associates 
















































						ent and allergy associates expands to pennsylvania! click here to learn more
				
-

					learn more
				















careers

book & manage appointment


























									find a doctor
								


									services & conditions
								







services

conditions






									bill pay & patient portal
								







bill pay

patient portal






									about
								







frequently asked questions (faqs)

clinical affiliations





the mount sinai hospital

montefiore einstein

northwell health

cooperman barnabas medical center



senior management team

news & media






find a location




careers

book & manage appointment


site search


find a location












get back to feeling your best
rapid relief for your ent, allergy, and audiology needs


find a location


book appointment



book & manage appointment

















your dedicated partner for comprehensive care








allergy, asthma, and immunology






audiology






balance disorders






ear, nose & throat (ent)






facial plastics and reconstructive surgery






hearing aids






pediatric ear, nose & throat (ent)






sinus & skull base






sleep services






thyroid, parathyroid and head & neck surgery






voice & swallowing disorders





























real-life experiences: hear from our patients
discover firsthand experiences from patients who have found relief and support through our expert ent, allergy, and audiology care.




































 / 








view more










collaborative ent, allergy, and audiology care
experience comprehensive care,  tailored to you
at ent and allergy associates, we're dedicated to providing collaborative care that meets your ent, allergy, and audiology needs. whether you're struggling with sinus issues, allergies, or hearing loss, our experienced team is here to help you overcome your health challenges and live life to the fullest.with over 60 office locations throughout new york, new jersey and pennsylvania access to world-class care has never been easier. our network includes over 450 clinicians, offering a comprehensive range of medical expertise and specialties to meet diverse needs. you deserve nothing less than convenient access and highly qualified care.building trust and confidence with our patients
dealing with health issues can be challenging, frustrating, and even frightening at times. the teams at ent and allergy associates understand how you feel and are dedicated to providing an exceptional patient experience that is comforting, streamlined, and efficient. whether you're here for a routine check-up or to address a specific concern, our physicians are committed to offering you the highest quality care you deserve.it’s important that patients feel heard, understood, and supported every step of the way. our physicians believe in building meaningful relationships of trust with our patients and their loved ones. with our decades of experience and cutting-edge care, you can trust us to provide you with comprehensive ent and allergy services, including diagnosis, treatment, and management of a wide range of conditions.if you're looking for exceptional care that puts your needs first, look no further than ent and allergy associates. put your health in our hands today and experience the difference for yourself!
read moreread less  



							find a location
						



							book appointment
						





















							largest and most prominent ent,  allergy and audiology practice in the country
						
expert care, exclusively focused on your wellbeing








160+


									top doctor honorees
								





175k


									patients seen per month
								





60+


									office locations
								





25+


									years in service
								





450+


									clinicians
								





1.6k


									dedicated staff
								




learn about us



























find a doctor

services

careers

about

news & media

patient attendance policy

manage your appointment

contact us







info@entandallergy.com





(718) 863-9743



































© 1998 - 2025 ent and allergy associates, llp. all rights reserved.




								privacy policy
							


site map


site map



								accessibility
							


								out of network notice
							


								nondiscrimination notice
							

















