















fitness + recreation






















ou homepage
search ou
the university of oklahoma





skip navigation
fitness + recreation






































 





fit+rec follows norman campus closures. therefore, due to impending inclement weather, sarkeys fitness center will be closed on wednesday, feb. 19. we appreciate your understanding. please check ou.edu/far for further opening updates.











member portal | app





















click the link below, to find help to enhance your ou fit+rec fusion member portal experience and keep you connected with everything our facilities have to offer.





 member portal help


















the official app for the ou fit+rec keeps you connected to ou programs, services, and facilities. the app is your one-stop destination for managing your fitness journey with ease. stay up to date with news and announcements with instant alerts and push notifications.
member portal
download ou fit+rec app (apple)
download ou fit+rec app (andriod)
need help? contact us



  

sarkeys fitness center





















in 2003, the sfc received an addition and renovation to create a 150,000 square-foot indoor facility for a variety of programs, services, and equipment to meet the recreational and fitness needs of the ou community.




 more sfc information


















the sarkeys fitness center features eight basketball/volleyball/badminton courts, four racquetball courts, a 1/6th mile indoor track, one large multi-purpose activity room, two weight room areas, a large cardio room with mounted flat-screen tvs, a climbing wall, and a personal training room

fit classes + schedule
sfc hours
sfc membership information
rental/use information



  




















intramural sports





















the intramural sports program at the university of oklahoma aims to provide an atmosphere in which all students, faculty, and staff can participate in fun, yet structured recreational activities. 






 more intramural information


















participation in intramural sports activities can provide individuals with an enjoyable recreational experience, help develop habits that carry over into everyday life, promote wholesome social relationships and sportsmanship, and provide an opportunity for the development of a healthy body and mind.

how to fusionplay
sport event list
intramural sports registration
intramural sports handbook



  

murray case sells swim complex





















whether you enjoy swimming laps, playing around in the water, water aerobics classes, or swim lessons, water is a great way to increase your health and lifelong well being.




 more aquatics information


















the murray case sells swim complex consists of an indoor and outdoor pool. the indoor pool is an eight-lane 25 yard lap pool with a 13 foot diving well with one 1-meter springboard. the outdoor facility consists of an olympic size pool 50 meters by 25 yards with a 13 foot diving well and two 1-meter spring boards.

aquatics parking
aquatics hours
memberships, swim lessons, american red cross trainings
hydro fit schedule




  

life saving skills





american heart association





















ou fit+rec offers american heart association (aha) training, including cpr/aed certification, first aid, and other life-saving courses, to both the ou community and the public, providing essential skills for responding to emergencies and promoting health and safety.




 more information







american red cross





















ou fit+rec offers american red cross (arc) aquatic-based training, including lifeguard certification, cpr/aed, and first aid courses, to both the ou community and the public, equipping participants with essential water safety and emergency response skills.




 more information





 













 fitness and recreation 

          1401 asp avenue, room 170
norman, ok 73019-2142
        


    





accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies
legal notices
copyright
resources and offices
ou report it!

        updated 2/18/2025 by fitness and recreation: fitrec@ou.edu




















