






























    religious merchandise | saint john, in | boric religious supply inc.
  














                  home



  clergy shirts



  albs



  chasubles



  baptism



  reconciliation



  communion



  confirmation



  wedding



  decor



  jewelry



  services



  contact








    


   

 click here for
boric wholesale church & institutional catalog


 address:10951 thiel street saint john, in 46373 email:

boric@boricreligious.com           hours:  tues - fri  9:30-4pm 
                     closed - sat/sun/mon             


     

 




get in touch: (219) 365-4386






    
 





         

 click here for
boric wholesale church & institutional catalog




   nurturing your spirit since 1954      

call us now!







   

religious supply for churches and individuals for over 65 years    boric religious supply inc. 
has provided quality religious products and services 
to churches and individuals since 1954. from clergy shirts to altars, we have what you need for worship products for churches range from altar breads, candles, chasubles, robes, albs, sacramental vessels, paschal candles, chalices, incense and charcoal, ashes and palms, tabernacles, statues, to clergy shirts for priests and deacons, and much more...
  

 







   helping you find faith-based products and gifts individuals looking for faith-based products will find baptism gifts, communion gifts, confirmation gifts, religious jewelry, prayer books, rosaries, bibles, artwork and icons, patron saints items, and statues for home and garden. 


       


 providing religious items and supplies since 1954 boric religious supply was founded by stanley and helen boric in gary, indiana in 1954. although that was the official date of opening a storefront business, stanley and helen were providing religious merchandise to the people of their neighborhood long before 1954. what started out as getting a few people crosses, rosaries and bibles as a favor became something much larger.


   feeling closer to your faith word had spread through the neighborhood that stanley and helen could get the religious materials the people needed to feel closer to their faith. as more and more people came to their door, the borics realized there was a need for an establishment that could handle the growing number of customers. a small storefront was rented in downtown gary.


     



 providing religious items and supplies since 1954 boric religious supply was founded by stanley and helen boric in gary, indiana in 1954. although that was the official date of opening a storefront business, stanley and helen were providing religious merchandise to the people of their neighborhood long before 1954. what started out as getting a few people crosses, rosaries and bibles as a favor became something much larger. feeling closer to your faith word had spread through the neighborhood that stanley and helen could get the religious materials the people needed to feel closer to their faith. as more and more people came to their door, the borics realized there was a need for an establishment that could handle the growing number of customers. a small storefront was rented in downtown gary.





   family-run and -operated for over 65 years by 1970, the business had grown to the point that a larger facility was needed and the decision was made to move the store to st. john, indiana. from 1970 to 1976, the store was located in a small shopping center. in 1976, the property that now serves as our base of operations was purchased. stanley and helen welcomed their daughter helen into the family business in 1979, and she has been a driving force behind the success of the store ever since. helen took over the store in 1990 and is now assisted by her son christopher, who represents the third generation in this proud family business.


   contact us today for information on the item you need we offer many more products than listed, so please feel free to browse our site and search for items that meet your needs. if you have any problem finding what you are looking for, please call (219) 365-4386 
and one of our experienced staff members will be happy to assist you.






      



          

 







     


   phone: (219) 365-4386
 fax: (219) 365 6916



   


address: boric religious supply 10951 thiel street saint john, in 46373
   


email: boric@boricreligious.com


   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy






















































































































  
  share by:












