las vegas hotels: find las vegas hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactlas vegas hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionadd your hotel area hotel rates group hotel rates metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > las vegas homepagelas vegas hotelshotel posts“one of the original downtown motels”“the desert hills motel is located in downtown las vegas on fremont street. with newly ren…”posted by: desert hills motel“all suite hotel near the las vegas convention center”“viva las vegas at the las vegas marriott hotel near the las vegas convention center! stay…”posted by: marriott las vegas“las vegas, nevada hotel”“the beautiful la quinta inn nellis in las vegas offers pet friendly accommodations and ne…”posted by: la quinta inn nellis las vegashotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“caesar's megapalace”member, rob opacki, las vegas - “caesars offers an amazing diversity of amenities…”said about: caesars palace“gaming”non-member, reader - “do not play the machines unless you wanna get raped. tight,…”said about: palace station hotel and casino“never stay here!”member, angela, evanston - “this place is a dump. when i saw it online it looked …”said about: the linq las vegas hotel + experiencereaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » hotel events »(try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for las vegas, nevada!

more than a mega-capital for acres of slots and table games, las vegas ranks as an all-around world-class playground and second home for a-list celebrities, forever adding glitter to existing gambling palaces and rolling the dice for new casinos, hotels, restaurants and other attractions. discovery as a welcome oasis along the old spanish trail in the early 1800s led spanish explorers to call this region "the meadows." the great depression then generated the contemporary boom, as work crews flocked into the area to construct the nearby hoover dam. spirit and potential of the area -- isolated enough for revelry, yet close enough to los angeles for the drive market -- soon attracted organized crime, pioneered in the 1940s by visionary mobster benjamin "bugsy" siegel, opening his flamingo hotel, now the flamingo hilton las vegas. world-class spas, award-winning restaurants with marquee-name chefs, golf, and out-of-this-world shopping are part of the present-day excitement, with more than 130,000 rooms, some with eye-popping décor -- in hundreds of properties from downtown's freemont street experience to the famed las vegas strip and beyond.

we have organized our listings of las vegas' local hotel accommodations into several geographic areas and alphabetically. you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater las vegas area by selecting one of the links shown below. 
to see a map of las vegas and the surrounding area, click here.



browse hotels by location:
·the strip
the world-famous las vegas strip has the largest concentration of hotels. 

·las vegas convention center
the las vegas convention center area, located just a short distance east of the strip, has a large assortment of hotel options. 

·greater las vegas
the greater las vegas area surrounding the strip includes hotels near the casino center, heritage square and downtown las vegas.  

·henderson
hotels in henderson, located just 13 miles southeast of the city center, have convenient access via us-95/93. 

·western arizona
hotels in western arizona, along the nevada state line, in and around the towns of kingman, east kingman, bullhead city and others. 

·las vegas airport - university
hotels near the las vegas mccarran international airport (las) and university of nevada areas are located at the southeast end of las vegas' strip. 

·southern nevada
the resort areas at the southern tip of nevada, such as laughlin and primm, offer many additional hotel options. 

browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide las vegas home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
know before you go: you can find a calendar of las vegas events and other happenings 
in the las vegas eventguide, greater las vegas's online 
interactive calendar.
area facts: according to the 2000 census, clark county is growing at the rate of between 4,000 - 6,000 new residents per month.  the local area code for las vegas is 702. 
« top of pageevents at las vegas hotelsrod stewart rod stewart makes his triumphant return to las vegas performing his hits live in concert… arts - concerts the colosseum at caesars palace (caesars palace)wed 3/12/25 fri 3/14/25 more...barry manilow pop / rock performance… music - rock & metal westgate las vegas resort & casinothu 2/13/25 fri 2/14/25 more...blake shelton performing country music live… music - country & folk the colosseum at caesars palace (caesars palace)wed 2/5/25 fri 2/7/25 more...cirque du soleil 'o' written and directed by franco dragone this show features 74 performers from around the world in an … performance o theatre at bellagio (bellagio resort)wed 1/22/25 thu 1/23/25 more...cirque du soleil 'o' written and directed by franco dragone this show features 74 performers from around the world in an … performance o theatre at bellagio (bellagio resort)every sun every wed more...jerry seinfeld brooklyn born comedian with a unique brand of observational humor.  former star of 'the jerry seinfe… performance - comedic the colosseum at caesars palace (caesars palace) 702-474-4000fri 5/2/25 sat 5/3/25 more...« top of pageadjacent links:cedar city hotelsflagstaff hotelslake tahoe hotelsreno hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse dayarea travel info.anaheim hotelsatlantic city hotelsfresno hotelsinland empire hotelslos angeles hotelsmonterey hotelspalm springs hotelsphoenix hotelssacramento hotelssalt lake city hotelssan diego hotelssanta barbara hotelstucson hotelsyuma hotelsother versions:las vegas guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > las vegas homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the las vegas hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide las vegas are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguideattractionguidemore locations...full map
las vegas hotels:our readers'4 smile favoritesamericas best value inn lake meadlas vegas hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritescircus circus las vegasmandalay bay resort & casinocourtyard by marriott green valley hendersonalexis park resort & spahyatt place las vegashorseshoe las vegasbarbary coast hotel and casinobellagio resortbinions gambling hall and hotelsilverton casino lodgebuffalo bill's resort and casinodays inn downtownclarion hotel & suitesfairfield inn las vegas airporthotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





