





the favell museum – native american artifacts and contemporary western art















































 



skip to the content






 
search



the favell museumnative american artifacts and contemporary western art




 
menu






home
collections
library
visit us
memberships
events / weddings







 search











search for:





close search
 









close menu
 


home
collections
library
visit us
memberships
events / weddings












home




open tuesday – saturday, 10 am to 5 pm, last admission 4:15





native american artifacts – over 100,000 artifacts, illustrating the lives of indigenous tribes from north and south america are on display with the primary focus on native american tribes. collections dating from 12,000 years ago include arrowheads, obsidian knives, spear points, primitive stone tools, native clothing, intricate bead work, basketry, pottery, and more.read more



contemporary western art – among the ancient artifacts, you will find original paintings by many famous western artists, including the original oil “the scouts” by charles m. russell. you will find original paintings by john clymer, frank mccarthy, and many more, who tell in their own artistic style, the story of the west.



gift shop & art sales gallery – the museum gift shop features jewelry, books, glass, and many other fine products from local artisans. the museum gallery features original, contemporary, representational art by 25 artists from across the west – including landscape, plein-air, western, figure, still life, and more in a variety of mediums including oil, pastel, watercolor, acrylic, mixed media





membership – favell museum members enjoy exclusive exhibition openings, receive advanced information on events, and more, all while celebrating and preserving the spirit of our western heritage. members sustain our artistic and educational programs, special presentations, and exhibitions. they also enjoy members-only social gatherings, insider access to collections and events, and unlimited admission to the museum. as a non-profit, your contribution is tax deductible to the fullest extent allowed by law.read more



banquet room – located on the banks of the link river, the museum offers a spacious banquet facility and state of the art kitchen, making entertaining easy for caterers or individuals. warm colors and lighting, along with a gas fireplace, create an inviting ambiance. the museum’s lovely patio area provides a beautiful setting for an outdoor wedding or event. projector equipment, speakers, and wifi are also included.read more







get a glimpse at what the museum has to offer in this informative video by discover klamath.


“a real treasure. the favell museum is a wonderful, classy, small museum of native american artifacts and western art. the collections are remarkable, indeed. a 12,000 year old clovis point; one of the largest arrowhead collections in the world, including a small, but “oh my!” fire opal point; a mind boggling beaded sioux cradleboard; a significant collection of working miniature guns; and on and on.”read more reviews




the favell museum…
is dedicated to the indians who roamed and loved this land before the coming of the white man and to those artists who truly portray the inherited beauty which surrounds us. their artifacts and art are an important part of the heritage of the west. – gene and winifred favell, museum founders


hours
tuesday – saturday: 10 am to 5 pm
no admission after 4:15 pm. if there are no visitors at 4:15 the museum closes. (this allows 45 minutes to tour the museum, we recommend one hour or more.)
sunday – monday: closed



contact us
address: 125 w. main st., klamath falls, or, 97601phone: 541-882-9996email: favellmuseum@gmail.com



























©
							2025							the favell museum



								powered by wordpress							




							to the top ↑ 

							up ↑ 





 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website



























































