











mandarava jewelry, statues and gifts




































check cart 
















home


			statues



				angel statues


				animal statues


				art deco


				asian statues


				buddha statues


				celtic statues


				christian statues


				dog breed statues 


				day of the dead


				dragons


				egyptian statues


				fairy statues


				furry bones


				greek and roman 


				gargoyle statues


				goddess statues


				medieval knights


				skulls and skeletons




			jewelry



				celtic jewelry


				crosses


				dragon jewelry


				egyptian jewelry


				fairy jewelry


				peace signs


				pearl jewelry


				sacred symbols


				skull jewelry


				vintage jewelry


				wedding jewelry


				zodiac jewelry


				earrings


				necklaces 




			gifts



				women


				men


				children


				car access. 


				key chains


				iphone covers


				mugs


				pens


				plush toys


				crystals


				wands




			decor



				ashtrays


				bowls and plates


				candle holders


				desk/office


				incense burners


				jewelry boxes


				mirrors


				photo frames


				urns and vases




			themes



				americana


				ancient egypt


				angels


				animals


				art deco


				asian


				celtic


				dogs


				dragons


				fairies


				gothic


				goddess


				green man


				greek and roman


				medieval knights


				tribal & tikis


				skulls


wholesale







sizzling home decor specials!









jewelry, gifts, home decor and more!


visit thousands of items in dozens of categories, genres and motifs!


shopping for a wedding? browse our beautiful wedding earrings, pearl earrings, swarovski crystal earrings, celtic earrings and more!





egyptian jewelry


take a virtual trip to the museum! visit our extensive ancient egyptian jewelry collection featuring famous ancient motifs:
 king tut, ankhs, pyramids, scarabs and much more!
website design by our friends at 
bizwebery.com
















		enticing specials on jewelry, statues, gifts &
		home decor!






		handmade art jewelry, celtic jewelry, fantasy jewelry, egyptian 
		jewelry and more!from skulls to 
		pearls, gothic to inspirational, our jewelry collection features unique, handcrafted designs that range from
delicate vintage style necklaces to serene oms (aum) to ancient egyptian ankhs to biker skulls! made in u.s.a.
use our jewelry search to discover hard-to-find eclectic designs including 
		chunky handmade rock jewelry, 
		ancient egyptian jewelry, 
		celtic jewelry, fierce
		gothic dragon jewelry, 
		scary skull jewelry and much more!





beautiful angel statues, jesus statues, christian statues and nativity statuesour inspiring collection of religious statuary includes nativity statues, jesus statues, guardian angel statues,
statues of saints and much more. beautifully detailed and hand-painted, these statues make a cherished 
addition to your home--and are especially wonderful gifts for friends in need of inspiration and hope,as well
as inspiring easter and christmas gifts.
looking for beautiful crosses and inspirational christian jewelry? find it in our christian jewelry shop!






dragon statues, dragon gifts and dragon home decorwhether fearsome or whimsical, we've got the dragon statues and dragon jewelry for you! 
hunt down your favorite dragons to find everything from scary, fire-breathing 
dragon monsters, to baby hatchling dragon statues, from purple dragon statue monsters to 
cuddly baby hatching dragons. you'll find something for everyone in our 
dragon statue collection. and don't miss our 
gothic dragon jewelry shop!
	





art deco - art nouveau home decor
romantically 
inclined? we thought so! we've got wonderful new art nouveau home decor, art 
deco home accessories and victorian jewelry and home decor items, old-fashioned 
french-style jewelry boxes, trinket dishes, mirrors and statues . . .
browse 
our beautiful art nouveau items now! and if you love nostalgic jewelry, don't miss our
  vintage jewelry collection and nostalgic victorian and art nouveau jewelry



 
	

fairies, 
furry bones, fairy peeps, mermaids, unicornsand pegasus
statues and giftsfind all your favorite fairy, unicorn and pegasus gear right 
here: fairy earrings, fairy figurines, fairy candle holders, 
fairy home decor and much more - even a fairy chess set!  
don't miss our magical fairy jewelry with  swarovski crystals!
say "hello" to our beautiful fairy jewelry collection!





celtic and green man home decor and gifts 
		incredible celtic and green man themed home decor, 
statues, house wares and gifts- a most unusual and complete collection of celtic, irish and green man designs.
explore our 
celtic jewelry inventory exquisite celtic necklaces, earrings and pendants!





gorgeous serene buddha statues and east asian decorcreate a serene, sacred space in your home with our dramatically beautiful,
exquisitely serene buddha statues! our collection includes beautiful east asian
statues, museum replicas and more. from figurines small enough
to sit on your computer, to large centerpieces you'll love browsing through
the beautifully designed and hand-painted items in our
		eastern wisdom shop.
and don't miss our beautiful buddhist and yoga jewelry.




ancient egyptian museum replica statues, ancient egyptian home decor.from the ancient 
columned halls of karnak to the valley of the kings, we've 
selected the world's most beautiful ancient egyptian museum replica statues, 
egyptian figurines and egyptian jewelry motifs, as well as ancient egyptian 
motif house wares and decor. our egyptian replica statues are 
so authentic, they are offered at museum stores throughout the world. 
excavate ancient egyptian "artifacts" now . . .don't miss our 
		huge ancient egyptian jewelry collection 
		featuring a treasure of pendants, ankhs, pyramids, king tut, and much, much more
	



use our
search feature to find all the fun, fantasy, 
multi-cultural jewelry, gifts and home decor items you've been looking for--and 
many mandarava exclusive items not found anywhere else!

if you are a retailer or seller, don't miss our 
wholesale jewelry, statues, gifts and home decor department



site map -
general information  -
newsletter sign-up -
contact us -
wholesale jewelry, statues, gifts and home decor
 
 




site map
information 
contact us 
wholesale 





mandarava jewelry, gifts & home decor

		mandarava
		560 ne "f" street - ste "a"
		pmb #252
		grants pass, or 97526

		fine gifts on the web since  1999 
		copyright 1999-2022 mandarava 
		mandarava is a registered trademark 
		consumer product notice: with the exception of specifically-designated 
		items (such as children's t-shirts), mandarava products are not intended 
		for children or persons incapable of handling items in a safe manner. 
		

		please see our product safety page 
		for more information on handling mandarava products safely. 


		celtic road™, fairy glade™, egyptian spell™, amber swan™, lotus moon ™,
		
		word one™, skull moon™, black skull moon™, retro rock 
		jewelry™,goddess of my heart™, and scarlet swan™ are all trademarked 
		jewelry lines of mandarava 




