






welcome to the norsemen motorcycle club



































































 welcome 


 ama district 23 chartered club 



 

norsemen motorcycle club
proud sponsor of quality ama sanctioned off-road events in minnesota

 






 
   
 
 




lucky bastard dual sport
dual sport is a type of motorcycle riding which is a mix of private & forest service roadsand off road trails connected with the use of roads. dual sports are suitable for those who desire to develop skills without the pressure to keep-up with the pack. trails range from two track, gravel, minimal pavement, and single track sections.
event date: october 6, 2024

coming soon










mora enduro
the norsemen motorcycle club has been sponsoring the mora enduro in the snake river state forest for over 65 years! this enduro is the only time you can ride the trails in this forest, don't miss it! july 21, 2024 for the main enduro and a youth enduro july 20, 2024 paying youth cross country series points.
view page








trollhaugen hare scrambles
this hare scrambles is held at the trollhaugen outdoor recreation area in dresser, wi. the course includes a woods course and  moto track. don't miss out on the fun june 30, 2024!
trollhaugen memorial race track in dresser, wi will be rocked for this legendary, once a year spectacle! the infamous area 51 will give riders thrills and chills as they try to conquer the hills at the troll. four races for riders of every age, size and ability.
view page















 
 
 
 
 
 
















norsemen mc






 




		
over 65 years sponsoring quality events







events


events
mora enduro
trollhaugen hs
lucky bastard ds


schedules
d23 hare scrambles
d23 mini hare scrambles
d23 enduro
d23 mini enduro
d23 dual sport
d23 trail rides
google calendar


results
mora enduro
trollhaugen hs



got questions?


d23
d23 classes
event requirements
ama memberships
youth ohm certificate
dnr trail sticker


faq
enduro vs hare scrambles
enduro basics
passing etiquette
course marking
fanny pack basics


apps
ama value guide
ama supercross



sound testing


sound testing
sound testing
sound testing data

less sound = more ground
stealth me!
re-packing muffler



get involved


current issues
action alert!
track a bill
telephone protocol
letter protocol


us representatives
us senators
president


mn representatives
mn house of representatives
mn senate
governor



about us


our past
our history
join us
meeting info
community service


our present

trail bosses
club land

adventure trail (kids)






















welcome to the  home of norsemen motorcycle club!
join us for a brand new dual sport ride this spring!
2025 d23 schedules are posted...
trollhaugen hare scrambles june 29
mora enduro july 19 & 20
check out the google calendar
adventure trail for the kids
post your photos on our facebook page






  



 















 
 
 
 




  


  


  




 



 



 





2025 d23 schedule
ama district 23 schedules for the 2025 season.
enduro
youth enduro
hare scrambles
youth hare scrambles
dual sport/trail ride

 



 

 




mora enduro
the mora enduro is held in the snake river state forest and has been for over 65 years. all of the trails are in a closed state forest area, and the only time anyone has a chance to ride some of the best enduro trail in the upper midwest is on the "mora" legendary enduro weekend. pre-entry is recommended. get all the information here
.




 



 



trollhaugen hare scrambles
four races for riders of every age, size and ability. and just like every norsemen event this season, 50cc riders race for free. gate fee is just 10 bucks to see the legends of off road tame the troll. make your plans to attend now! another epic event, we're on! mark your calendar june 29, 2025!


 



 




 







main menu:


home


events


mora enduro

x-rider


trollhaugen hs

x-rider


 lucky bastard ds
norsemen member banquet
google calendar


results


mora enduro
trollhaugen hs


d23 schedules

enduro
hare scrambles
dual sport
trail ride


issues

action alert!
track a bill
telephone protocol
letter protocol
adventure trail
youth ohm certificate
mn dnr trail sticker


meetings

sound testing

stealth me!
sound testing
sound testing data
re-packing muffler


legends

al mathwig
barney larson
dale greenwald
dick bielke
floyd martineau






















calendar
 
d23 schedule and other events
volunteer to help at an event
sync d23 schedule with google calendar or apple ical
there's an app for that!
we need volunteers for event days

scan to volunteer
pay your yearly membership dues online.
dues are due before january 1st
send dues through paypal to administrator@norsemenmc.org


norsemen apparel is here!







current news



d23 membership renewal
ama membership renewal
minnesota off-road laws:

eye protection required
headlight lighted at all times if so equipped
maximum sound level ohv 96 dba @ 20" atv 99 dba @ 20"
minimum operator age under 12 requires supervision by a person of 18 on piublic lands
muffler is required
registration is required
rider education certificate is required under age 18
spark arrestor is required








handy links
  
d23 - mn
d23 rulebook
d23 classes
ama
ama rulebook

mn dnr
mn ohv trail maps

mn government
ohv registration
registration renewal
gilbert ohv park
motorcycle insurance guide

midwest enduro riders

iera - iowa
tctr
golden eagles
northern lites
range riders
straight arrows
gncc
oma
cwira


 






 





norsemen member banquet
rsvp by friday february 14, 2025
mark vanderwerf
612-270-2749
the banquet will be held saturday february 22, 2025 at 5:00 p.m. at prokart indoor racing. get all the information here
great norsemen motorcycle club events coming up for the 2025 season:


new dual sport may 2 - 4, 2025
brand new course and area. information will be posted when everything is finalized. mark your calendar you won't want to miss it!
get all the current information about the event.

ama & d23
ama and district 23 armca memberships can be bought online. please take advantage of this especially with the delay of the season, it dramatically increases the speed of event sign-up. ama membership is $49.00 for individual, $29.00 for youth and $20.00 for a one day. we encourage you to get that paperwork in advance. ama join
ama membership new or renewal
district 23 armca
d23 membership is $50.00 at the event or $45.00 if you enter online
the district has set up a one day mora enduro online entry if you don't have a d23 membership.
one day competition district membership
$15.00 

ama offers a card to save you time and effort
for some time now, the ama has offered to both minors and adult racers the annual release verification card. this allows the adult racer to skip the multi forms at sign up. it allows all minor racers the opportunity to skip the two sided minor release which requires the presence of both parents at sign-up as well.
the card is free, and is issued when the competition membership card has either been purchased or renewed for the entire racing year. the form requires notarization of some signatures. most banks and ups stores offer notary services for free or a nominal fee.

ama annual release forms for adults & minors

**be sure to print the form in color, some of the wording is printed in red and the ama requires that and will not accept black & white. if you cannot print in color, please call ama organizer services at 614-856-1900 and request an original color form be set to you via u.s. mail.

norsemen motorcycle club military service
          

norsemen motorcycle club is quite proud of our members who serve our military current and past. when you see them please thank them for their service.


norsemen mc members serving the military


member
branch
service
conflict


andrea a
navy
2021-present
 


cody d
mn army national guard
2014-present
 


jim a
navy
1990-2014
desert shield/desert storm & operation iraqi freedom


jim g
air national guard & u.s. air force reserve
1980-1985
 


doug d
navy
1989-1994
 


ron g
army
1970-1973
korean



 
 
norsemen apparel is here!

protect your assets
            in case of
          an accident
the ama ramp insurance program is an annual accident insurance plan that ranges from $155 - $345. all members of the ama are eligable for coverage. benefits are paid when a member has elected coverage and paid the required premium and then suffers a covered loss while taking part as a registered rider in an ama amateur or road sanctioned event.
ama ramp insurance program enrollment and information






google calendar
check out the google calendar for all the d23 off-road events. you can save it to your calendar, get directions to events and trail boss contact information all in one place.

 




 

 


 

 





 


 



 






 
 







 


quick links

home page
about our club
contact us
join us at a meeting
privacy
use our sitemap





let's get social!
become our facebook friend. share your photo's and comments on our facebook page by clicking the icon below.

 



get in touch!
everyone is welcome to join us in our meeting on the second thursday of every month at 7:30 p.m. click here for information and directions.
contact information for norsemen mc

po box 72 | monticello | mn us
phone (763) 263-9835
email: jay waalen
web contact: administrator




 



 
copyright 2025 © ~ norsemen motorcycle club ~ all rights reserved

 


 

 



   


 

 

  






