










victory bear – construction products






















































get in touch with us(937) 236-7288jdresel@fukuvi-usa.com 













home

what’s  new?


catalog
products

precast / tilt-up

rustication

rustication
magnetic reveal system


chamfers
bulkhead
drip edge products

single chamfer with drip edge
architectural drip edge
universal drip edge


slab saver
wall joint cover
saw cut cover
insulated panel cap (ipc)


insulation retaining

flex-tite
quick clip
j-channel


forming

flexy form




about

careers
warranties and liabilities
contact





















 



 





victory bear  

 

products 



 



 








declare victory over your toughest construction challenges with victory bear productswhat we do






tilt-up concrete products



our rustications and chamfers produce the cleanest and sharpest finishes in the industry. victory bear is a leader in innovative exterior concrete designs – creating products for now and for the future, that will provide the tilt-up industry with unique profiles. our products provide flexibility to designers to allow for a variety of design configurations in a variety of building types.








precast concrete products



victory bear manufactures a variety of extruded pvc products that are perfectly suited for the precast industry. our reveals and chamfers provide superior finish, allowing significant time and labor savings. our innovative drip edge products allow the user greater flexibility, and our insulated panel cap (ipc) provides easy and effective protection for sandwich panels.








insulation retaining products



victory bear flex-tite insulation clips are quick, easy, and efficient to work with. they provide a finishing touch that is attractive as well as functional. they are designed to save labor in installation, and save energy once finished.








concrete forming products



victory bear flexy form lets you easily form curved concrete walkways, patios with radius corners, and more. the flexy form’s innovative, patent-pending clip system makes it easy to quickly adjust positioning for a wide range of stake sizes. flexy form is made from pre-consumer regrind pvc, and is easy to use, lightweight, and reusable.





















					we are problem solving engineers and manufacturing specialists.  visit fukuvi usa, inc. 


victory bear victory bear products is a division of fukuvi usa, inc., a manufacturer of plastic profile extrusions for construction, industrial, oem, and other applications.
we specialize in partnering with our customers to ensure their products have the best possible form, fit, and function.
from state of the art coextrusion techniques, to onsite processing and fabrication capabilities, fukuvi usa has the expertise to help you meet your objectives.














							© 2018 victorybear.  all rights reserved.						






visit fukvi usa..













