



	welcome - sarasota.wateratlas.org



























                    an edition of: wateratlas.org

presented by: sarasota county, usf water institute


other water atlases

choose a water atlas
chnep water atlas
hillsborough county water atlas
lake county water atlas
manatee county water atlas
orange county water atlas
pinellas county water atlas
polk county water atlas
sarasota county water atlas
seminole county water atlas
tampa bay water atlas







 sarasota county water atlas 











search:


search

















toggle menu




home

discover




discover the atlas
recreational water qualitylearn about water quality conditions that are of special concern to beachgoers, boaters, and fisherman, and how to find out the latest status
bay condition reportsexplore water quality status and trends in sarasota county's 8 major bay systems and their watersheds
creek condition reportsexplore water quality status and trends in 17 coastal creeks and their watersheds
seagrassdiscover the beauty and importance of seagrass habitats, and sign up to help monitor their health
local rainfallview the latest rainfall amounts, radar-based rainfall estimates, or near-realtime rainfall data


stream restorationsarasota county is working to improve the health of its tidal creeks. learn about recent stream restoration projects here.
gulf of mexicoexplore the gulf of mexico's natural wonders, recreation, and water quality
sarasota baylearn about sarasota bay's water quality, habitats and ecology, and recreational activities
watershed tour: phillippi creeka virtual visit to 38 points of interest on the creek and in its watershed
watershed tour: alligator creeka virtual paddling trip to 20 interesting places in and around the creek
more 






























maps / data




browse maps and data applications
advanced mapping applicationthis interactive map brings all water resource-related information together in one place
watershed pollutant loadingview and export model results that estimate monthly pollutant loads for each of sarasota's 9 major bay systems.
real-time data mapperuse this interactive map to find data from continuously-reporting monitoring stations
data downloaduse this tool to graph water resource data and to download data for your own analysis


water quality contour mapsvisualize spatial and temporal changes in important water quality measures
water quality trends/hotspotswater quality: how is it changing over time? how does it compare in different areas? the analysis on this page helps to answer these questions.
more 






recreational water quality map







learn






scallop monitoring





browse learn applications
stormwater npdeslearn how sarasota county and its co-permittees manage stormwater to minimize surface water pollution
flood protectionhurricanes, tropical storms and heavy rainfall can occur any time in sarasota county, making your property subject to flooding
low impact designlearn about techniques for capturing and using rainwater to reduce stormwater pollution and flooding while creating attractive landscapes
scallop monitoringthe abundance of bay scallops is an indicator of water quality. see monitoring results and learn how they are monitored.
regulationscheck this list to find out who to call to report problems or to ask questions about rules, regulations, and permitting


water-related newsbe informed about important water-related news with implications in sarasota county and elsewhere
calendar of eventsuse this calendar to find opportunities for recreation, volunteering, and citizen participation
librarysearch our library of water-related documents, maps, websites, videos and organizations
educational resourcesformal and informal educators and their students will find sources of interesting and useful information on these pages to help them better understand sarasota county's watery habitats.
more 






participate






volunteer opportunities





browse participate applications
neighborhoods & nestlearn about sarasota's neighborhood environmental stewardship teams that are actively involved in projects in their neighborhoods
seagrassdiscover the beauty and importance of seagrass habitats, and sign up to help monitor their health
community resourcesimprove water quality in your community waterways so you can have more birds, more fish – and more fun!


volunteer opportunitieslearn about volunteer opportunities in sarasota county.
report pollutionsee a water quality problem happening? report it here.
contribute historical infowe are looking for residents that have historical information about sarasota county's unique water resources.
more 

















































previous



next











welcome to the sarasota county water atlas
helping researchers, resource managers, and the general public better understand and appreciate florida's water resources.





find a waterbody
 loading page...

















aerials
topographic
streets
national geographic









type the name of a water resource in the box below.

water resource name


search







popular resources
near me






                                gulf of mexico
                                
                            



                                sarasota bay
                                
                            



                                roberts bay sarasota
                                
                            



                                blackburn bay
                                
                            



                                myakka river
                                
                            



                                sarasota bay watershed
                                
                            


find nearby waterbodies




please allow 
                        sarasota county water atlas
                        access to your location.


sarasota county water atlas
                            uses your location to show local water bodies that are closest to your location.  




looking for water resources



unable to access your location information

                        geolocation is not supported by your browser. consider updating your browser or switching to a modern browser to use this feature.
                    

                        permission to access location was denied.
                        
                    

an unknown error occurred trying to access your location. please try refreshing the page.


an unknown error occurred trying to find waterbodies near you. please try refreshing the page.


no waterbodies were found around you.





waterbody on a different wateratlas. 
                








popular resources
































recent news


                midnight pass: what does the science say?
                

                sarasota’s mote marine unveils tech to fight harmful red tide blooms
                

                breach may be main culprit of hurricane debby flooding in sarasota
                

                hot cars and greenhouse gases – how are they related?
                

                state surgeon general dr. joseph a. ladapo issues community water fluoridation guidance
                

view more news 




upcoming events































×
event details





view full event
close


view all events 





photo of the week




sunshine springs & gardens, lake sarasota



view more photos 


featured video









view more videos 





popular tools

library
data download
realtime data and map
advanced mapping
water quality contour mapping





how can you help?

report water pollution
volunteer opportunities
submit a photo
submit a document
contribute historical information





atlas facts
6,419
total number of sampling locations being represented on the sarasota county water atlas









discover

bay conditions
coastal water quality map
creek conditions
stream restoration projects
water quality
sarasota seagrass
briarwood stormwater treatment
local rainfall



maps / data

advanced mapping application
water quality
real-time data mapper
pollutant loading
contour mapping
rainfall estimates
latest rainfall
tidal stream assessments
spatial library



learn

low impact design
watershed management plans
flood protection
scallop monitoring
oysters
water-related news
stormwater npdes
calendar of events
digital library
sarasota captured
oral histories
education
educational resources
regulations



participate

volunteer opportunities
nest
community resources
sarasota seagrass
report pollution
coastal watershed wiki
contribute historical info
add to library



about

an edition of wateratlas.org
about the atlas
contact us
accessibility
disclaimer
privacy
connect with us










                the usf water institute is committed to ensuring that our websites conform with accessibility support guidelines for people who need to use assistive technologies. 
                we are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility standards. 
                view our accessibility statement for more information.





		    copyright © 2001 - 2025  usf water institute, school of geosciences, college of arts and sciences, university of south florida
















