     nissan dealer in birmingham, al | used cars birmingham | serra nissan                                                                   serra nissan        sales 205-856-2544     service & parts 205-856-2544   finance 205-856-2544       1500 center point pkwybirmingham, al 35215                           service        map        contact                      serra nissan                call 205-856-2544   directions                  home   new   new inventory   virtual showroom   value your trade   lifetime warranty   serra promise   new 2023 nissan ariya   nissan model showroom     used   used inventory   value your trade   find my car     certified   about certified   view certified inventory     specials   new specials   manufacturer specials   certified pre-owned specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   nissan college graduate program   nissan military program   current specials     shopping tools   shopping tools   schedule test drive   value your trade   finance application   credit problems?   payment calculator   what's my buying power   get pre-qualified with capital one     service & parts   service department   schedule service   express service   service and parts financing   parts   nissan tire store   why service here?   online tire store   car rental   one to one rewards   brake service   battery service   express service   tires   oil change     about us   about us   hours & directions   why buy from us   meet our team   join our team   espanol                     home   new   new inventory   virtual showroom   value your trade   lifetime warranty   serra promise   new 2023 nissan ariya   nissan model showroom     used   used inventory   value your trade   find my car     certified   about certified   view certified inventory     specials   new specials   manufacturer specials   certified pre-owned specials   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   nissan college graduate program   nissan military program   current specials     shopping tools   shopping tools   schedule test drive   value your trade   finance application   credit problems?   payment calculator   what's my buying power   get pre-qualified with capital one     service & parts   service department   schedule service   express service   service and parts financing   parts   nissan tire store   why service here?   online tire store   car rental   one to one rewards   brake service   battery service   express service   tires   oil change     about us   about us   hours & directions   why buy from us   meet our team   join our team   espanol               






   686 vehicles available    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      new used certified    any year  any make  any model search       new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search       new used      search       





      search new inventory     search used inventory        










search new














search pre-owned














schedule service














shopping tools














facebook 














¡hablamos español!






                                 disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                                    disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                                                          

      

 welcome to  serra nissan
serra nissan is your top-notch new nissan dealer with used cars in birmingham, al, serving tuscaloosa and hoover, al! our dealership serves as a one-stop shop for all your automotive needs while providing the epitome of exceptional customer service. when you meet our team, you’ll realize that you are their number-one priority, and they are committed to finding the perfect car for you at the perfect price. that’s why we have a 30-day low price protection guarantee and a 3-day love it or leave it exchange policy. 
more about us

 
           
                      

come to serra nissan for stellar selection and service
if you're a birmingham, alabama, motorist in need of an affordable, high-quality automobile, you can easily find the car, suv, or truck that meets your needs at serra nissan. whether you're in the market for a new or used vehicle, we have an automobile in stock that will fit you perfectly, and our world-class team won't stop working for you until you drive off our lot in your new nissan. shop with us, and you'll see just how much fun you can have buying your next automobile.

shopping with us is easy
at serra nissan, our goal is to make sure that every customer who walks onto our lot is able to find the automobile that meets each and every one of their needs. we provide a stellar selection of the newest nissan automobiles available, so whether you're interested in a pathfinder, altima, rogue, armada, frontier, maxima, murano, sentra, or titan, we have something in stock that will fit you like a glove.
in addition to our outstanding inventory, we also offer the serra promise, a set of perks that guarantees you're able to buy the car that's right for you. if you find that your nissan just doesn't fit your needs, you can bring it back and exchange it thanks to our 72-hour exchange promise. if you want to trade in your current vehicle, we offer a no-hassle trade promise to buy your car regardless of its year, model, or make.
thanks to our best-deal promise, you'll always get the most affordable price available for your automobile. if you're able to find one of our new or used models with the same features for a lower price, we'll either top that price or provide your first monthly payment.
servicing your nissan
we know that reliable transportation is a must if you want to fully enjoy your life, and when you buy a car from us, we believe it should run like new for years to come. when you schedule a service appointment with us, our skilled technicians will use advanced diagnostics to find out exactly what's wrong with your automobile. if it turns out that you need a repair, we will use genuine nissan parts to make sure your car performs how it should.
we offer a no-appointment-necessary express service option for drivers with busy lives, and every express visit includes a multipoint inspection so you can catch and fix small problems before they get out of hand. also, when you buy one of our new models, your vehicle is covered by a lifetime limited powertrain warranty, giving you peace of mind whenever you go for a spin.
visit us today
when you're ready to buy your next nissan automobile, the professionals at serra nissan are ready to serve you. we are the leading new and used nissan dealer in birmingham, alabama, and our outstanding sales, finance, and service professionals are here to take the stress out of purchasing your perfect automobile. come see us today!


                  | serra nissan | 1500 center point pkwy, birmingham, al 35215 | sales: 205-856-2544 | contact us  | privacy | sitemap | nissanusa.com             















 








                       