



















ardmore baptist church | baptist church in winston salem



































































































who we are
historynurturing faithour storiesour staffemployment opportunities
connecting
new here?pastor’s blogsunday evenings: all together ardmorewednesday mornings at abcthe speaking in parables podcastmembers
ministries
past worship servicesmissions
encourager churchj.l. wilson welcome househandicrafters
youth ministrycollege ministrystephen ministers
preschoolquickbitsservinggivingcalendar 











ardmore baptist churchconnecting people with jesus christwho we are
historynurturing faithour storiesour staffemployment opportunities
connecting
new here?pastor’s blogsunday evenings: all together ardmorewednesday mornings at abcthe speaking in parables podcastmembers
ministries
past worship servicesmissions
encourager churchj.l. wilson welcome househandicrafters
youth ministrycollege ministrystephen ministers
preschoolquickbitsservinggivingcalendar






 










 





 







 



 






have you ever found yourself wishing for more? maybe you’re looking for a place to call your own, one where you’re welcomed wherever you are in life and faith. maybe you’re looking for others that can understand just what you’re going through.visit us


search for:



who we areour vision and values






christ centeredlearn more






biblically groundedlearn more






relationally guidedlearn more






ministry drivenlearn more


see where ardmore baptist is




making a difference


our ministries
planning a first-time visit?you’ll never feel like a stranger at ardmore baptist! our members will be ready to greet you at the door, get to know you, and talk with you about the church and everything it has to offer. meet with our ministers, join our worship services, and be sure to visit with our hospitality ministry for some fresh homemade bread!
our sunday services focus on sacred music and traditional worship. together, we lift our hearts to god through music, prayer, scripture, and the spoken word. come as you are--all are welcome to join!visit




 



all people are called to serve god and god’s people; all are called to be ministers working to achieve the purposes of god.

god at work


a cup of change 02.13.2025


a cup of change 02.06.2025


a cup of change 01.30.2025


a cup of change 01.23.2025


quick linksfirst time visitors
ministries
education and formation
giving
minister on call



ways to connect

facebook
instagram
spotify
youtube
mail




contact information501 miller street winston-salem, nc 27103info@ardmorebaptist.org336-725-8767 





designed by nu expression of winston-salem | 2017






 
contact / locationcontact info


123-456-7890
123, new lenox, chicago il 60606
info@yoursitename.com


gathering times


saturday:
5:30pm
sunday:
8:00am, 9:15am, 11:00am





				preschool enrollment			




registration for the 2025-2026 preschool year begins on february 16 at 9:00 p.m. for current and church families. registration for new families begins on february 23 at 9:00 p.m. the registration form and fee are due upfront to hold your child’s spot. classes tend to fill up quickly, so enroll early!





			×			





				our preschool classrooms			





our goal is for your child to grow in their love for jesus, to nurture their kindness for others, and help them grow in all developmental areas. the classroom environment is seen as the third teacher. special attention is given to the materials and resources in each class. your child will be given the opportunity to learn with authentic and natural materials. we use the nc foundations for early learning and development as a guide and resource to define the skills and abilities we want to support in the learning experiences we provide for young children. children are active hands-on learners. children will explore through music, art, literature, science, math, sensory play, outside play, and circle time. we also have chapel and musicare each week to plant the seeds of faith in your child and nurture their growing relationship with jesus christ.





			×			





				get involved			

your child’s love of learning starts with your support! we offer plenty of opportunities for parents to volunteer and take an active role in their child’s preschool experience. many special days are planned throughout the year and we encourage you to attend and become part of the ardmore preschool family. join us for events such as our fall festival, pancakes and pajamas day, spring program, art show, and much more.


			×			





				building relationships			

you and your child are more than another name on a student list–when you enroll in preschool classes with us, you’ll become part of the ardmore preschool family. we believe strongly in building relationships between families, classes, the church family, and our community. 


			×			





				christ centered			

jesus matters! we believe jesus christ is god in the flesh. he is the heart of who we are as individuals and as a church. he is the source of our identity and the cornerstone of our faith. christ is the inspiration and enabler for all we do, including worship, bible study, and ministry. our beliefs, teachings, and actions are guided by our faith in jesus christ and his ever-filling love and grace.


			×			





				biblically grounded			

the bible matters! the bible bears witness to god’s saving power and work. it is a constant source of direction and provides a relevant framework for living our faith. learning and studying god’s word is vital for spiritual growth.


			×			





				relationally guided			

people matter! our relationship with christ and others cannot be fully separated, and both should be sought out, developed, and nurtured. therefore, we encourage the development of relationships in our church, our community, and our world and seek to lead others into a living relationship with god. as faithful followers of jesus christ, we seek to do as he did by taking people seriously and treating them with dignity and respect.


			×			





				ministry driven			

ministry matters! the love of jesus christ compels us to put our faith into action and serve as channels of his love and grace to others. we strive to encourage and equip each person to utilize their god-given talents, passions, and resources to build relationships and so transform our local and global communities.


			×			



 



x
 




































