




sam felder – freelance web developer































menu
close




sam felder

freelance web developer







home
about
contact


home
about
contact








 

sticky post



april 7, 2020

harnessing the power of social media


developing an audience for your website using social media
if you are running a business, then it is necessary to have a social media platform to promote your business. if you didn’t begun using this platform, then it is necessary to start using and it is must. normally, most of the small businesses are using these social media platforms to develop their business like in facebook, instagram, linkedin, twitter and pinterest to support and grow their businesses. these kinds of platforms are very effective in the growth of your business. in detail, many of the people find different businesses to showcase or sell their products and services through social media networks.
6 reasons why should use website using social media for marketing
it will take your business out of the world through the social media website – where the different platform will support you in getting your business out of the world. by exploring in social media it will allow you to develop the relationship and create the opportunity with your targeted audience also where you can gain the followers to your business profile. it also makes connection and engages you with the people who will know about your company and they also will be engaged by seeking your updates on the products of your company. additionally, now people who had business with you in past will be inspired more and tell other people about your services and products you offer via sharing it in the social mediascost effective social media marketing – using different platforms and networks likely it may affect the organic content of yours as you will get lost in the scuffle. for this reason, only you are advised to take the advantage of advertising opportunity which is offered by many networks to promote your business, content, special deals or effects and products or offers through social media advertising which is relatively economical.popular social media – actually you don’t need to be a devoted reader of blogs or a pro in technology or in digital marketing just you should know what is what that’s it. according to pew research center approximately only 65% of people using this platforms or networks to promote their business. for small businesses majority 1.5 billion monthly users are using facebook which means fb is the platform where your business will be promoted soon and it will reach the people soon according to your targeted audience.all demographic ages reach the social media marketing – these social media platform marketing reaches almost all kind of age groups and many of the people is active in social media platforms. in the survey between 2005 – 15 people from ages 30 to 49 has increased and started using social media networks. where it will promote your business to all age groups and easily you can develop it via social networking which is more visible.social media inspires two-way engagement – where in this it allows you to control to be more informed about the targeted audience and the means. in this you will be able to know about the audience interest and you can work according to their feedback. always engage your followers or customers by asking those questions and ask them to share their opinion, ideas and thoughts. through this you will come to know your business in deeper level and know your business better. if you able to offer a quick response, then your business will be developed and reaches the customers immediately.you can share loads of info about your business through social media networks – in different platform of networks it will allow you to share the more information’s about your business to your customers. the reason for using social media is it will allow you to post up to date about all your services and products also about your future event in the platform so that you can engage your customers and followers via social media networking. moreover, this allows your profile and activity on the social media to be public and it increases the visibility of the users to your social media networks. this will also index your profile in the google search and it will be very useful and easy for the people who ever search it and it will reach them soon where this is cost effective and it helps to grow the business soon and it will be featured in the search engines to promote your business, services and products via social media networking so it increases and develops the audience also.
grow your business through social media networking
the main power of online social media marketing is for an expandable growth and this social media network get you those elite to directly target the valuables through call in action. it has the power to get online marketing by posting eye capturing posts or random status updates which will gain the attention of the audience and it will let you to grow your business soon. whether it is a small business or large industry social media will expand your business and connect it to the audience immensely in the social media platform by connecting you with them by sharing, comments and likes for the post.
marketing strategies to grow your business are
you must individualize your audience.examine the competition with other business.wisely choose our social media platform.determine the goals properly.
popular social media sites to develop your business are
facebook, twitter, linkedin (xhtmlpro published a nice article on this), google+, hoot suite, buffer, every post, sprout social, bit.ly are the popular social media to share your post of your business products, services and other events. where these all platforms will engage your audience and it will create conversation between you and your audience so you will get the feedback about the products and services of your business, therefore it helps to develop it further. also only these facebook and instagram it allows you to sell the products through online website this is also an advantage of using facebook and instagram to promote your business. where other social networks like twitter, linkedin and other social media apps allows you to get followers and by linking your business online website to it people will go through your profile and view your website therefore this also helps you to develop an audience to your website by using social media.





 




october 30, 2019

web design trends i love


recent trends in the website design sector attract almost every user of the internet and encourage website designers to keep up-to-date with such things on a regular basis. beginners and experts in the website design sector must understand ever-increasing changes in the website designs based on loads of important things. they think smart and use every chance to improve their proficiency regarding the website design trends. they can focus on the most outstanding things associated with the website designs and make a better-informed decision about how to successfully design the website.
specialized website designers have a good relationship with the idea of the website design trends. they enhance their creativity and learn the latest resources with an aim to improve their website designs. they are amazed about the recent three dimensional illustrations of the websites. they understand that the future of presenting the website design begins here. they get ever-increasing requirements to add depth and also realism to the overall graphics designed perfectly to blur the boundaries between the physical and digital worlds. they remember that an outstanding website design sharpens the website and contrast between the human beings and digital products regardless of how individuals access and manipulate digital elements.
mobile-first website optimization
mobile website optimization is a not a new trend. however, enhancements in the overall efforts for the mobile-first website optimization are very important. this is because many users of the mobile gadgets access the websites with an aim to get the maximum convenience and the best chances to fulfill their expectations.
website designers in recent times understand that the majority of the visitors to the website are from their smartphone. they prefer the mobile-first approach to design the website and enhance the mobile web optimization efforts.
outdated websites d not adapt to mobile devices and frustrate mobile users from the beginning. as a result, mobile phone users do not wish to visit and stay in such websites. as a website designer, you have to enhance the website design compatible with the mobile phones and increase the overall possibilities for improving the search engine rankings.
an outstanding design of the website compatible with the mobile devices makes every visitor satisfied and improves the rankings in the search engines. there are many methods for optimizing the website for the mobile devices. however, the best method is to use the framework such as bootstrap to get the desired improvement in the optimization of the website for mobile devices.
crafting a singular voice with appropriate illustration
website designers nowadays focus on how to make use of an illustration. they can use an illustration as an element of difference as it reminds the exclusive nature of the art. they pay attention to the illustration flourishing in the competitive tech sector and make positive changes in their way to use it in their website. they can enhance their website design so as to support every user to get the pleasant feel and communicate brand values and emotions. they have to use an illustration in the website design system as an additional expressive method to communicate messages.
the helveticization of the brand identity
the official websites of successful businesses these days are rich in the helvetica version. website design involves some interesting things so as to make some distinctive voice as well as get playful brand assets required for the successful marketing purpose.
experts in the website design sector have to identify and remove boring corporatism in the website design. they can provide too-familiar website design evolution and make their dream about the enhanced website come true. they must enhance the overall comfort of all visitors to the website by providing the best website design and user experience. they can support their clients to boast serif-less logos and let the hallmark of the company to attain its maturity.
gradient color schemes
individuals of every age group love gradients beyond doubt. there are many reasons why many people try to implement the gradient color scheme into their websites. however, the main reason is instagram recently updated its icon to the attractive magenta gradient from the best camera icon.
many website designers are willing and happy to implement gradient color schemes on headers, company logos and in backgrounds. they make use of the modernized gradients different from the classic color spectrum in terms of the subtler style favour. they explore and take advantage of endless possibilities of the gradient color schemes. they try to update the website with the original colour scheme at first and enhance their efforts to get the desired color scheme.
typography-based layouts
typography is one of the most important elements in the website design. website designers these days reap benefits from the high level of freedom, experimentation and expression. they get rid of obstacles like the scarcity of fonts and difficulties with the legibility and compatibility associated with the typography in the primitive days of the website design. they explore the font trends with some personality and enhance their way to pick fonts and their combinations. they conveniently use words as the major aesthetic element and semantics. they are amazed about how words have a physical presence in the form of the design. there is a structural element around which the remaining composition flows.
attractive things associated with the usage of the typography in the website design encourage website designers to pick and use the typography. you can apply deformations; focus on the treatment of letterforms as attractive graphic elements and include various animations, effects and styles with serif, italic, bold and outlined all existing together in the same paragraph. you will be satisfied with the overall impressive things in the website design.
there is an emerging trend in the overall outlined type. individuals who concentrate on how to use the typography in the website design nowadays get an overview about remarkable benefits of the typography. they can try some new things in letter forms and take note of the results. they can prefer the half-there and half-gone text which suddenly attracts visitors. they must remember that they have to follow the letter forms to their real conclusion. they get various favorable things from this handy technique for some unforgettable branding purpose. they introduce the trustworthy and revolutionary things to the website design on a regular basis.
more white space
white space in the website refers to the portion of the web page without text and images. it is the suitable time to leave ample white space in the website design and enhance the user experience in your website. remember that white spaces do not be white. you have to keep the space empty to create a simple and clean look so as to assist all visitors to be comfortable in the navigation and reading.
the white space enables companies to direct visitors to focus on important aspects of the web page. this is advisable to use the white space in the balanced manner to get the fresh and updated look to the website.
decorated and augmented paragraphs
nowadays, paragraphs in the website are not simple column distributions. they are the full of hovers, images, emojis, strange distributions, micro interactions, style changes and expressive things. website designers can increase the overall size of the paragraph and combine decorative styles and fonts in the paragraph. they understand that big paragraphs are the key terms in the trends.
storytelling via websites
storytelling influenced the technology in different ways. many companies worldwide emphasize stories in their website content and use narrative elements to engage as well as connect with the audience.
website designers with an aim to increase the success rate and sales of the business can prefer the storytelling through the website. this is because narrative elements in the website compel many visitors to buy products and use services. this is advisable to be conscious about how to use the compelling diagrams, animation and second-person voice to tell some exciting stories via the websites.
animation
website designers think about the best methods to visually enrich the website devoid of using various resources as they increase the website loading time. they can animate secondary elements and reap benefits from the organic motion. these animations usually form some parts of the micro interactions and create the fluid user experience beyond doubt.
you can focus on the complex and organic animations as comprehensive as possible. you can make use of the javascript and css to be successful in your approach to animate interfaces. you will get the maximum control over parameters, blending modes, easing curves, svg morphing, filters and other things.
do not forget that you require some additional skills to achieve such website design. this is worthwhile to try to animate the vectorial elements with the organic morphing and decide on how it imitates gooey or liquid effects in the micro interactions and interfaces.
interactive web designs
all visitors to any website like to explore and use the interactive features. they spend more time on the website when they get interactive elements and interesting things about the company, products or services. website designers can improve their way to provide the interactive website design as per specifications of their clients.





 




august 14, 2019

best diy website building platforms


many people are desired to trade their own business on online and they can design and develop the business website on their own. normally, business people think smart and wish to use advanced yet user-friendly resources available for creating the websites. they can pay attention to the latest updates of the diy website building platforms and enhance their proficiency about how to make use of such platforms as per their requirements. they consider different things every time they explore the overall facilities in the top diy website building platforms of very good recognition.
focus on the website builder
in general, a website builder is a good solution for everyone who likes to start a website devoid of hiring a website developer. choosing the right website building is a challenging task for all beginners to this sector. you can read honest reviews of well-known diy website builders and make a better-informed decision to design and develop the website based on your requirements. you do not have any technical expertise or a requirement to use coding for using the diy website builders. you have to concentrate on more than a few important things every time you search for the diy website builder.
everyone has different ideas and expectations about their own website. once you have ensured about your goal about the website design and development and features to be included in your website, you can easily narrow down top diy website builders. you can focus on the following details about popular diy website builders.
wordpressehostweeblyim creatorsquarespacejimdowix
choose and use the best diy website builder
wordpress is one of the most popular website building platforms used by many people all through the world. almost 34% of websites in our time are powered by the wordpress. the self-hosted wordpress makes its users satisfied with the extraordinary features and facilities to successfully design and develop the website. the foremost attractions of this platform are ease of use, scalability and regular updates. users of this platform get the maximum control over their website due to its free and open source nature. thousands of pre-made and special themes in the wordpress make users happy beyond doubt.
simple and streamlined dashboard of ehost make users satisfied at this time. the best assistance on time from the friendly customer support team encourages all users of this diy website building platform to efficiently use facilities in it. competitive prices of plans from this leading diy website builder give 100% satisfaction to all users and encourage such users to recommend it to others.
loads of website designs of the diy website builder weebly nowadays attract individuals who like to successfully use this platform and full website design and development related expectations on the whole. this platform lets users to assign various access levels for editors, authors and administrators. jimdo gets the highest possible popularity mainly because every package available in this platform has the most sought after features like the email address, blog, website builder, domain name and other things.









home
about
contact




© 2025 sam felder. all rights reserved.
theme by anders norén.




