









tyndale house

































skip to main content








we're celebrating 80 years of tyndale house this year
discover our history










tyndale house home












main navigation



about



reveal about sub naviation











what we do
support
staff
contact
stay in touch






library



reveal library sub naviation











book a visit
using the library
opening hours






explore



reveal explore sub naviation











articles
videos
podcast
events
subscribe






research



reveal research sub naviation











the greek new testament
codex climaci rescriptus
old testament project
tyndale bulletin





updates



donate











exceptional research by people serious about scripture



research projects at tyndale house > 



















tyndale house, cambridge, is an international centre for research that specialises in the languages, history and cultural context of the bible.
through our specialist biblical studies library and residential accommodation we bring together outstanding christian researchers from around the world to promote biblical understanding in the church and beyond. 
the tyndale house library is essential to our work and vision of a world that takes the bible seriously. we are thrilled to announce that, by god's kindness, we have received planning permission to build a new state-of-the-art building. we plan to create a four-storey (20,247 sq.ft.) complex with double the shelving space and larger study areas so that we can grow our capacity to resource scholars and reach out to churches; it will truly be a space to flourish. 
 









if you're not able to see the video, please make sure you have javascript enabled, and that you have also enabled necessary cookies. you can manage your cookie settings by going to the footer and clicking on "cookie settings".
 







find out how you can get involved in building a space to flourish




find out more


sign up to project newsletter



















research
learn more about our projects and publications











library
study and stay in our specialist residential library











resources
find accessible biblical studies articles, videos and podcasts













latest from tyndale house





event


annual seminar for  advanced technical skills in biblical studies
in september 2025, we will hold our pilot annual seminar for advanced technical skills in biblical studies in karen, kenya, to serve the wor…







event


the world of the bible – nottingham
join us on saturday 22 march 2025 for a deep dive into the world of the bible. the day is open to anyone interested in finding out more abou…







article


the opening of tyndale house january 1945
step back in time to january 1945 by reading the tyndale bulletin's announcement of the opening of tyndale house 80 years ago.




explore bible content >








what was life like for a judean living in exile in babylonia?
george heath-whyte looks at the al-yahudu tablets to see what they can tell us.


the al-yahudu tablets 
















stay in touch
sign up to receive monthly email news from the tyndale house community, research projects and readers. 


sign up now 
















invite a tyndale house speaker
our academic team makes biblical scholarship accessible through engaging talks and q&as.
invite a speaker to your church to hear about our mission to support scholarship and resource the church to understand and trust the bible. 
if you would like a tyndale house speaker to come to your event either online or in person, please request a speaker using the form below. 


request a speaker 
















tyndale house home





					tyndale house 36 selwyn gardens cambridge cb3 9ba, uk


+44 (0) 1223 566601



https://twitter.com/tyndale_house







https://www.facebook.com/tyndalehousecambridge/





https://www.instagram.com/tyndale_house/







tyndale house is a company limited by guarantee, registered in england and wales:company no. 9437542 reg. charity no. 1161396 vat reg. no. gb 221 7195 27






contact us


privacy policy


jobs



cookies settings









