




eco-systems inc. – managing land and water stewardship








































 
 



skip to content


1-812-339-6664info@soilandwater.com 







eco-systems inc. 



 home
land stewardship

vegetation management

herbaceous vegetation management
woody vegetation management
prescribed burns
pasture grazing management
rangeland management


invasive species

invasive vegetation management

eastern usa
western usa


exotic invasive aquatic life
exotic invasive terrestrials


sustainable forestry

timber stand improvement +
thinning beneath the crown
fuels reduction
tree damaging insect control
tree health injections
timber inventory and crown surveys


wildlife habitat enhancement/restoration

terrestrial wildlife habitat
wetland wildlife habitat
aquatic wildlife habitat
usda and usf&w program implementation


erosion control

vegetation establishment
slope stabilization
channel stabilization – ephemeral & perennially flowing channels
burned area emergency response (baer)


road maintenance

private road construction and maintenance
public road maintence




water stewardship

lake and pond management/enhancement

water quality management
watershed management plans and treatment
in lake water quality improvements

algae control in lakes and ponds
nuisance and invasive weed control non-chemical treatments




in lake treatments
lake and pond contruction
stream and river restoration

river morphology restoration
river repairs
river enhancement/aquatic habitat


marine contruction
stormwater quality management

primary filtration/treatment
biological filtration
tertiary treatment
quaternary treatment/finishing


watershed planning and treatment
lake and pond management: algae control, muck control, and weed management
sediment control
fisheries management
lake and pond restoration
new lake design/build
marine construction


farm/ranch management

revenue optimization
conservation easements
fire restoration
invasive species control
stream enhancement


outdoor recreation

alaska – canoe & kayak rentals
indiana – canoe & kayak rentals
new mexico – canoe & kayak rentals
boat tours


product sales

products: water management
products: land management
products: stormwater
products: canoes and kayaks


contact us
 







 
hydroseeding2 



 



home 












who we are: a team of environmental scientists, engineers, construction experts, foresters, botanists, biologists, range managers, that know how to execute projects.  we don’t just perform studies and provide consulting, we do the work.  we operate heavy equipment and tools, far more than just operating computers and printers.
combining environmental science, engineering technology, native materials, innovative products and techniques, special equipment and efficient execution of work, eco-systems, inc. provides land and water stewardship services for private land owners, institutions, and units of government all across north america.
we provide cost effective solutions at the interface of construction and the environment.  our goal is to provide our customers with technically and environmentally sound solutions to their land and water stewardship challenges. we believe that we have a cost effective solution to any problem that involves natural resource stewardship.
started in 1996 by president steve w. chafin, soilandwater.com has grown to become a major contributor in ecological restoration, forestry, lake, pond, wetland, restoration and construction, stream restoration, wildlife habitat enhancement erosion control, re-vegetation, vegetation management, and much more.  we are also extremely versatile and can handle almost any work related to land and water stewardship.
the scientists at eco-systems have developed several innovative methods and products to overcome challenges to optimizing land and water stewardship, environmental, and sustainable construction projects. land and water stewardship, ecological restoration, ranch/farm management, and erosion control is what we are all about.
we are an innovative, turn key service provider, in that we combine diagnostic/feasibility studies, blended into project design, and seamlessly executed as a  construction/implementation projects.    in other words, we are very unique in that our environmental scientists/engineers, also execute the construction phase.  typically, the person operating heavy equipment on our projects is trained in environmental science and engineering.  this results in drastic cost efficiencies compared to multi phase projects, involving numerous consultants and contractors.  we have extensive practical experience.
 







 


							
							consulting services													
					
											<p>the scientists at eco-systems have developed several innovative methods and products to overcome challenges to optimizing land and water stewardship, environmental, and construction projects.  land and water stewardship, ecological restoration, ranch management, and erosion control is what we are all about.</p>
					
									



 


							
							recreation rentals													
					
											<p>our kayaks are comfortable, not confining, easy to enter / exit, safe, and fun! you can paddle swiftly, lay out in the sun like it’s a raft, roll off into the water for a swim, fish, and photograph wildlife. we have kayaks and comfortable life jackets designed to fit everyone from small children to xxl adults.</p>
					
									



 


							
							retail products													
					
											<p>eco-systems, inc. provides environmentally focused products and services for lake & pond management, erosion control, wildflower and native grass seed, and stormwater filters.  we are an innovative company solving environmental problems with innovative products and services for our clients.</p>
					
									























© 2025 eco-systems inc.  
















