
this is google's cache of http://www.seaside-apartments.net/. it is a snapshot of the page as it appeared on 3 jul 2011 14:29:21 gmt. the current page could have changed in the meantime. learn more
text-only version
these search terms are highlighted: seaside apartments corfu  






corfu apartments - self catering accommodation in corfu











seaside tudios    evridiki 
        apts    akaterini apt   corfu island    messonghi    moraitika    reservation    messonghi 
          map    corfu map 










greetings 
                from the sunny island of corfu.

                the botsis family would like to welcome you to our website. we have 
                a family run business, apartments to let and a snack bar. we offer 
                comfortable and clean accommodation, convenient to all the resort's 
                amenities and beach.

                we have an outstanding reputation for customer care and guests who 
                have stayed with us feel as if they are part of our family. the 
                atmosphere here is very warm, friendly and relaxed. a large number 
                of our guests tend to revisit us on a regular basis. a life-lasting 
                friendship is made from the moment we meet !!



























enjoying 
                a very central, quiet and tranquil location on the beach front, seaside studios are recommended for relaxation by day , yet are 
                within direct access to the resort’s amenities and laid 
                back nightlife.
location: the studios 
                are on the second floor and offer a panoramic view of mainland 
                greece, albania and, of course, the sea. the studios are set on 
                the beach front beside the seaside snack bar.
                sunbeds are available and are paid for locally. the small property 
                is centrally located, beside the local tavernas, in the enchanting 
                resort of messonghi. it is approx. 10 mins walk from our neighbouring 
                  resort of moraitika.
accommodation: studios 
                  have a capacity for 2 and 3 persons. studios comprise of bedsitting 
                  room with twin beds, equipped kitchenette (2 ring cooker , fridge 
                  , etc.) , bathroom and balcony. all studios include tv and ac free of charge.






information: the self catering studios are family owned and run. they offer 
                simple and well maintained accommodation, suitable for couples 
                and small families. we offer a warm welcome to all our guests.
board basis: self 
                catering with air conditioning



evridiki apartments - click here for photos and more information 

 



set 
                in a superb location, tranquil and picturesque, evridiki apartments 
                are only a three minute stroll from the beach , the resort’s 
                amenities and laid back nightlife.
location: the evridiki apartments are located on a small 
                hill in the quiet countryside, surrounded by olive, orange and 
                lemon trees.
                the very quaint, spacious corfiot styleapartments offer a panoramic 
                view of rural messonghi.
                the property is in a perfect location, as it is only a 3 minute 
                stroll down a country path to messonghi village and beach (7 minutes 
                walk on the main road). 
                the accommodation and roads are well lit so don’t ever worry 
                about walking at night. the apartments are approx. 12 minutes 
                walk to our neighbouring resort of moraitika




accommodation: the property provides two 2 bedroomed apartments, capacity for 
                4 and 5 persons. one 3 bedroomed apartment, capacity for 6 and 
                7 persons and 1 studio capacity for 2 persons. each apartment 
                and studio comprise of sets of twin beds, equipped with kitchenette 
                (2 ring cooker, fridge etc) , bathroom and balcony.
all apartments and studios have air-conditioning and satellite color tv set. 
information: the 
                self catering apartments and studios are family owned and run. 
                the evridiki apartments offer spacious , simple and well maintained 
                accommodation suitable for couples and families. we offer a warm 
                welcome to all our guests.
board basis: self 
                catering with air-conditioning



akaterini apartment - click here for photos and more information




akaterini apartment is a very nice, spacious two-bedroomed apartment located on the first floor of a very pretty detached house with its own private entrance, communal garden and private parking in the back of the house. akaterini apartment is suitable for two couples or a family of 2 adults and up to 4 children and a baby. an additional camper bed can be provided in the living area for the 4th child if required. also couples may be interested in this spacious and comfortable apartment. cleaning three times a week with weekly towel and linen change included. extra charge for additional housekeeping requests.















confirm availability for the following dates
notify availability and rates for the following 
                                  dates
book the following dates for me



arrival 
                              date:





departure 
                              date:





number 
                              of persons:
adults:

1
2
3
4
5
6
7

                                children: 

0
1
2
3
4




type of accommodation:


seaside studios
evridiki apartments
akaterini apartment




first 
                              name:





last 
                              name:





e-mail: 





phone:





state/country:





additional 
                              comments:












 please, complete our enquiry form with your request and we will 
                  reply to you as soon as possible. enquiries without an e-mail 
                  address cannot be processed!





 
seaside apartments and studios
                          messonghi 49080 - corfu -  greece
                          tel: 0030 2661075096
                          mob: 0030 6972444441
                          email: info@seaside-apartments.net
 website: www.seaside-apartments.met





great offers on hotels, apartments & villas in corfu - plan   & book your holidays in corfu greece - click here




messonghi and moraitika
                moraitika and messonghi are two major holiday resorts, located 
                on the south east coast of the island, 14 miles from corfu town 
                and the airport. the two resorts have now more or less merged 
                into one. the messonghi end of the conglomeration is quieter and 
                more appealing than its neighbour, which is somewhat redeemed, 
                how ever, by the attractive village of ano moraitika resting immediately 
                above it.
corfu island
anyone who has ever visited corfu will have many fond memories of the place, its people and of the 
                                greek food. corfu is an island of contrast, a fascinating blend 
                                of mighty ancient monuments and holiday resorts for the travellers 
                                of the modern age. the land of colour, flaming sunsets, golden 
                                beaches, purple mountains and emerald hills. 
                                corfu is the land of gaiety, where dancing is a way of life, inspired 
                                by the lively music of the “bouzouki”. it is the land 
                                of welcome whose tradition is hospitality, whose people are so 
                                warm and friendly, you’ll never want to leave. it is also 
                                the land of feasting, where even the simplest tavernas can offer 
                                you fresh fish, barbecued meats, the unique “feta” 
                                cheese, fruits and vegetables all washed down with delightful 
                                wines. sitting at a side-walk table outside, sipping ouzo, or 
                                walking into the kitchen of a taverna, many foreign people have 
                sampled and enjoyed delicious greek cooking. 



corfu map  -   map of greece  -  map of europe   -  car hire -  corfu island  -  tenerife weather  -  greek islands 

                © seaside apartments and studios





