








verisk sequel - the future of insurance and reinsurance technology















































					home
				




								solutions
							





								products
							





								news
							





								company
							





								careers
							





								contact
							
















                        view our products
                        













































































	we see the future of insurance technology



verisk specialty business solutions (formerly sequel), has been a leading industry software specialist for over 25 years, delivering impactful, reliable solutions that provide end-to-end management of all insurance and reinsurance business. as a result, our clients are able to grow and better manage their business through greater efficiency, flexibility, and data governance. with powerful, flexible software and responsive services, we see the way to drive success.



























	offshore renewables



renewables will account for almost 95% of the increase in global power capacity through 2024. 
does your organisation have access to the most up to date offshore renewable data to meet the surge in renewable energy investments?
we're pleased to announce a significant new offshore renewable energy module within our exposure management system, impact. this latest enhancement leverages the comprehensive worldwide offshore windfarms dataset curated by the research arm of clarksons, the world's biggest shipping services provider. 





                        find out more
                    






 
 





















	our products



our modern, powerful, and integrated suite of software provides full end-to-end management of all insurance and reinsurance business so that our clients get a clearer vision to grow and manage their businesses through efficiency, flexibility, and data governance.






























a new era of underwriting: addressing market needs to succeed

                            the underwriting landscape is changing and by leveraging technology you can turn challenges into opportunities. the right solutions can equip you with the tools, insights, and scalability needed to lead in this dynamic market.
                        


                                read full story
                            









news
introducing python for rulebook




blog
what's your actuarial personality type?




blog
data driven insight can be a game changer: the actuarial function in service of underwriting decision-making




news
newsletter - october 2024




blog
rulebook facts




blog
specialty spotlight: richard young, engineering manager (rulebook)




press
verisk announces u.s. expansion of whitespace
















	stay in the know










                        join our mailing list
                    













































products


news


company


careers


contact


privacy notice


legal


cookie policy


verisk modern slavery





              book a demo
          




        © 2025 copyright verisk specialty business solutions. all rights reserved.
      

























 







                                        product                                                        *




underwriting
broking
impact
rulebook
claims
whitespace
digital distribution solutions






                                        full name                                                        *








                                        work email address                                                        *








                                        country                                                        *








                                        message (optional)                                     
































 
learn more about our privacy policy here




                                    loading...
                                


                                thank you
thank you, a member of the team will be in touch shortly.
please click below to download your pdf.continue













