





philanthropy by design




























 



skip to content

















  


search for:








about usoverviewour missionmeet the teamcontactour clientsservicesinterior design & space planningproject managementcolor consultationmuralsproduct sourcingways to get involveddonatedonate productvolunteer (send email) 











loading...







transforming
nonprofit
environments
& offices
through design 


donate
learn more














homepage 2024rachel2024-01-06t18:39:46+00:00

giving back to our communityphilanthropy by design (pbd) is an award-winning 501(c)(3) organization of design industry professionals who volunteer their talents to renovate the interior environments of community service organizations. pbd’s pro bono work benefits thousands of underserved bay area residents; at-risk youth, abused women, seniors, aids patients and the homeless, bringing them hope, inspiration and comfort.
your support matters
while the gift of time, the provision of office furniture, and the dedication of energy are instrumental in propelling our mission forward, your generous cash donations remain a vital cornerstone of our efforts. it’s through your financial support that we can sustain and expand our initiatives, reaching even greater heights.
make a donationour offerings
our award-winning 501(c)(3) organization of design industry professionals volunteer their talents to renovate the interior environments of community service organizations. this includes the following services and solutions:
interior design & space planning
pbd’s volunteer designers and architects transform uninviting, inefficient facilities into attractive, workable environments.
project management
from the initial site visit through project completion, pbd’s design professionals manage the process.
color consultation
many pbd projects spring to life simply through the sensitive use of color.
murals
our artists and designers create original murals that bring empty spaces to life.
product sourcing
pbd receives donated furnishings and accessories from a variety of sources, including companies that are moving, downsizing or renovating.

if you have questions about supporting our cause, donating or how we can help your organization, we would love to hear from you. contact us at info@pbd.org to learn more or send us an inquiry.




 
 






© philanthropy by design copyright 2009 -  


facebooklinkedin
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


















go to top





