














welcome to bydand home loans llc















































































































purchasing 

purchase loans
home construction loans
investment property loans
non-qualified mortgage


refinancing 

refinance loans
home equity line of credit
home equity loans


bydand blog
popular tools 

today’s rates
pre-approval letter
refinance analysis
payment calculator


company 

about us
careers
client reviews
meet the team
partnerships
licensed states


contact 

connect
discord


 
apply
 (877) 306-0222




 (877) 306-0222











want to save $1000s on your mortgage?
whether you're a first-time buyer or want torefinance at a lower rate, we can help.




                                select loan type
                            


home purchase
home refinance
debt consolidation




get started now
get started now
get started now


first, please select your loan type!

























"use bydand home loans, they are the best!!! 

i went to three different lenders and was working with one of those lenders for over a month. i contacted michael gordon at bydand and not only did they close my refi, but they did so in less than 2 weeks with a better rate!!! i’ve purchased 3 homes and this is my second refinance. 

bydand is by far the best experience i have ever had. i will never use anyone else when it comes to a home loan, refinance etc. the entire team is great. mike g., lauren and mike singer were amazing to work with, do yourself a huge favor and use this team. second to none!! we can’t thank you enough or say enough with how easy this was working with you all."





bronson wright












 



what clients & partners say...


6 ways we help you lock in lower rates
let our experienced team of mortgage advisors guide you through the buying or refinancing process quickly, efficiently, and confidently.








secure your home purchase loan
rates are competitive — so it's a great time to buy! we'll help you apply for, compare, and choose a home purchase loan that makes your dream home an affordable reality.









refinance for better rates
take advantage of today's great terms to significantly lower your monthly payment, the interest you pay over the life of your loan, or both. how will you use the money we put back in your pocket?









compare rates & pick the best
you wouldn't accept the first offer at the car lot, so don't just take your first mortgage offer. use our rate comparison tool to shop around and find the terms that work best for you.









get your loan funded faster
other lenders giving you the runaround? our fast funding options mean you'll never miss out on the house you really want.









evaluate your property
know where you stand. with your up-to-date property evaluation in hand, you'll be better equipped to choose the loan terms that fit your goals.









get a cash-out refinance
take advantage of your home's equity with a cash-out refinance — and put your home loan to work for you.










know your options & get pre-approved with  our quick & easy tools









get your free pre-approval letter
find out how much home you can afford by getting pre-approved for your next home loan now.
get started now 








analyze your  refinance options
this free calculator crunches the numbers for you. find out exactly how much money you can save by refinancing.
get started now 








compare today's mortgage rates
browse today's rate comparisons to see which individual mortgage terms make the most sense for you.
get started now 










your home loan could be funded 14 days from now
get fast, custom loan quotes to compare. fill out our streamlined, 100% online loan application. move through the approval process quickly and seamlessly. when you work with bydand home loans llc for your home loan or refinance, you can get your money and do what you want with it  -  usually in less than 14 days.


















pick the right home purchase loan for you











pick the right home purchase loan for you
becoming a homeowner all depends on finding the best possible loan scenario for your unique situation. we're here to help you make that choice.
get started now 


















accomplish your strategic refinance











accomplish your strategic refinance
want some financial wiggle room? planning to upgrade your home? we'll help you choose a refinance rate that saves you meaningful money. what you do with it is up to you.
get started now 


















shop around for the best rate











shop around for the best rate
as the potential homeowner, you hold all the power. before signing your first loan offer, browse our rate comparisons to make sure you're getting the best deal and the right-fit terms.
get started now 













get your mortgage rate quote in just 30 seconds!
mortgage rates change every day, and your rate will vary based on your location, finances, and other factors. get your free customized rate comparison below:

get my rate quote now 










general
purchase
refinance
today’s rates




support
bydand home loans llc
careers
contact us
privacy policy



contact info

34010 callita dr,
dana point,
ca 92629



social
















 info@bydand.com
 (877) 306-0222






download our mobile app to apply now and easily track the progress of your application.



copyright © 2025 | bydand home loans llc headquartered at 34270 pacific coast highway suite a, dana point, ca 92629 (949) 424-2326
licensed in : az, ca, co, fl, ga, id, md, oh, or, tn, tx | nmls #1898552 all rights reserved. restrictions may apply.
arizona: main office licensed as a mortgage banker with the arizona department of financial institutions no. 1035852 | california: 34270 pacific coast highway suite a, dana point, ca (425) 458-2905, nmls #1898552 | colorado: licensed colorado mortgage company registration – regulated by the division of real estate – https://dre.colorado.gov/ | florida: licensed as a mortgage broker by the office of financial regulation, license no. mbr3301 | georgia: georgia residential mortgage licensee – licensed as a mortgage lender by the department of banking and finance no. 1898552 | idaho: licensed as a mortgage broker/lender no. mbl- 1573461 | maryland: license #24784 | ohio: certificate number: rm.804658.000 | oregon: bydand.com, llc, license no. ml- 1898552 | tennessee: tennessee mortgage license # 191735 | texas: texas department of savings and mortgage lending license # 1898552
an equal housing opportunity lender. all loans are subject to credit, underwriting and property approval guidelines.
nationwide mortgage licensing system (nmls) consumer access website: nmlsconsumeraccess.org/









































