








medgar evers college – home - medgar evers college




















































































































 



visitapplygive


students faculty alumni  









skip to content














 


 








about





office of the presidentsenior leadershipadministrative unitsstrategic plan 


the office of institutional research and assessment (oira)alumni relationshistorylibrary 


space reservationscontact uscampus map 


 
 

admissions





admissionsinternational applicantfinancial aidbursar 


office of the registrartesting centervisit the campus 


 


 
 

academics





office of academic affairsschoolsprograms 


centerscollege catalog 
 

student success





division of student success and enrollment managementaccessibility and accommodations servicescounseling & psychological services 


office of student life & developmentstudent government associationtransition academy 


student success cougar compasswhat's the  411? student info guide 









						upcoming events					






			feb		

			15		








		all day	



		parinirvana	










			feb		

			19		








11:30 am - 1:00 pm 



		the big read with dionne irving	









		view calendar	





 
 

libraryathleticsdirectorysearchgive
 
 
 












my mec story: 
							from profound loss to incredible blessings: a journey of sacrifice and hope  
							

meet nadisha 
							 


takisha randall: embracing every role with grace, passion, and resilience. 
							my mec story: 
							wife. mom. grandmother. stylist. mentor. and still going. 
							

read takisha's 'my mec story' 
							 


increasing enrollment signals positive momentum among students 
							

explore admissions 
							 


debbie ann byfield on overcoming obstacles through conversation 
							read more 
							my mec story: 
							

 


my mec story: 
							embracing risk-taking in the face of judgment 
							read more ... 
							
 











medgar evers college makes top 50 list.
medgar evers college joins harvard, stanford on upward mobility list.
read moreabout medgar in the news
explore admissions












campus pulse
dive into the heartbeat of campus life! stay informed with our featuring stories that celebrate achievements, spotlight events, and connect you to the vibrant pulse of our academic community.







launch of dr. john flateau scholarship
join us in making a meaningful impact and changing lives for the better through your generous donation.

read more






learn everything you need to know as a transfer student
our transfer student virtual one-stop video provides step-by-step guidance to help you transition smoothly to medgar evers college.

read more






confused or frustrated by the fafsa?
get expert assistance with all your fafsa challenges

read more




















apply to medgar evers
our admissions team is here to help you along the way as you navigate the admissions process. our office can provide you with the information you will need to make the admissions and enrollment process a smooth one.
explore admissions














campus news
dive into the heartbeat of campus life! stay informed with our featuring stories that celebrate achievements, spotlight events, and connect you to the vibrant pulse of our academic community.





medgar evers college public administration program ranked no. 8 in the country

read more



 
‘hopefulness over hatred’ — hakeem jeffries will bring optimistic message to medgar evers college
 

a night with hakeem jeffries: democratic leader coming to campus
 

december to remember: from joyful holiday parties to helpful markets to incredible athletic achievements
 

my mec story: deeply personal loss and sacrifice? been there. but it has led to unimaginable blessings.
 

a native of guyana, steve hemraj found an inclusive, inspiring and safe home at medgar evers college
 

medgar evers college and community celebrates the life of dr. elizabeth nunez
 

see more campus news











visit our campus with our new virtual tour
take the tour now!










campus events
discover unforgettable moments. browse our upcoming events for enriching experiences and vibrant gatherings. your next memorable experience starts here!




parinirvanafeb 15the big read with dionne irvingfeb 19 at 11:30 am - 1:00 pmsocial justice awareness dayfeb 20first day of intercalary or ayyam-i-hafeb 25
view more events




















contact us
medgar evers college1650 bedford avenuebrooklyn, ny 11225718.270.4900







 

about mec

 our mission
about medgar evers
academic calendar
events calendar
directions & map


academics

schools & departments
programs
college catalog
student success



helpful links

student achievement
bookstore
library
public safety
accessibility services



resources

it service desk
cunyfirst
contact us





copyright. all rights reserved

 


























 




















































