




air pollution control systems|pvc duct|wet scrubber|mist eliminator|exhaust fan|midwest air product





































 



midwest air products co., inc. | pollution solutions | 800-214-7716


 





the most durable pvc air pollution control equipment 



midwest air products co., inc. (mapco) is dedicated to solving your environmental control problems. we have been in the air pollution control business for 38+ years. we design, fabricate, install, and service a complete line of corrosion resistant pvc air pollution control equipment. our products include: 



pvc duct and fittings
wet scrubbers
chrome scrubbers
hcl scrubbers
exhaust fans
pvc mist eliminators





stainless steel mist eliminators
exhaust hoods and lab hoods
terminator chrome exhaust hoods
installation/startup/repair
replacement composite mesh pads





 

call mapco today and discover why our customers keep coming back.






 

need help with your old duall equipment…call midwest air products today


 






having problems cleaning or replacing your composite mesh pads?



you know the drill…remove the mesh pad, remove the stitching, clean the various layers, stitch it together, cram it back into the scrubber and cross your fingers that it works. we have been replacing our competitors' mesh pads with a system that eliminates all the hassle. 
 we can help – call 800-214-7716 

39 years of service…over 80 years of experience 

 







epa neshap for plating and polishing operations: final rule effective july 1, 2010



midwest air products offers a quick and cost-effective solution for compliance with this rule. the mistmaster composite mesh pad is available in a vertical or horizontal configuration. the mistmaster can be easily installed in an existing exhaust system and removes 99 percent of plating bath particulate. platers, call mapco today. 

"old school quality – old school service"


 







download pvc duct dimensions information


| site map | contact us | about mapco |

















 










