




focus integrated fitness – new york city exclusive personal training




















new york city
					exclusive personal training
workout with an expert trainer in your home, a gym, outdoors, or online
get started today






as seen on:
















premier personal training tailored to you
lose weight, build stamina, redefine your body – because you’re as distinctive as your fitness aspirations, we offer customized programs to give you that vip physique. jump-start your metabolism with nutrition plans backed by pioneering science. gain lean muscle with our innovative strength and conditioning techniques. improve your posture and unlock your inner zen with rejuvenating yoga. choose your focus or combine elements of each speciality.
get a free consultation today





interested in a quick workout? try this. men’s fitness and focus partnered up for the dumbbell complex fitness challenge.








meet our incredible trainers
our high-calibre motivators are dedicated to empowering you with the confidence and knowledge to achieve your fitness dreams.








emmy m.
emmy is a former figure skater who competed at the international level.  as a completitive athlete, she is an expert at helping her clients set and achieve their goals. emmy is also a certified strength and conditioning specialist (cscs).

contact emmy









casey h.
cscs
casey is currently working towards his master's degree in exercise physiology at columbia university. his strong passion for health and fitness enables him to help a wide variety of clients achieve and uphold a physically active and healthy lifestyle.

contact casey









angelica v.
mes, cscs
angelica is a lifelong athlete with a passion for strength training, injury prevention and post-rehabilitaion training. she is a certified strength and conditioning specialist (cscs), certified weightlifitng performance coach (cwpc) and pre/post natal certified.

contact angelica









nick l.
mes, ssc
 nick prides himself on his strong technical foundation as a trainer and a proven ability to effectively coach and inspire his clients. he is a medical exercise specialist (mes) and starting strength coach (ssc).

contact nick









shara s.
mes, nasm-cpt
shara believes in the power of positive mindset and the benefits of a healthy lifestyle.  as a medical exercise specialist (mes) and an accomplished dancer, she will motivate and inspire you to achieve your fitness goals.

contact shara









mitch r.
fpti
mitch is a former infantryman in the u.s. army and a graduate of the focus personal training institute 700 hour master course. mitch is ready to motivate you with his “never quit” positive attitude and his attentive coaching style.

contact mitch









liz c.
mes, usaw level 1
liz prides herself on utilizing a variety of training methods along with her motivation skills to get clients the results they desire. she is a graduate of the 700 hour focus personal training institute master course and an ace certified personal trainer.

contact liz









louie t.
mes, cfsc
known for his technical ability and attention to detail,  louie is an expert in strength training, a certified functional strength coach (cfsc) and medical exercise specialist (mes).

contact louie









cori c.
rdn
cori is our expert nutritionist. a certified rdn with years of experience working alongside trainers, she is uniquely qualified to help people reach their individual health and wellness goals with customized nutrition plans and the healthy lifestyle counseling.

contact cori







let's talk today







what our clients say
being an actor, my appearance is large part of what i do and the guys at focus have always understood my goals and keep me in a groove and on a routine. never in my life have i carried over such confidence into my personal life and workplace. whether the topic is diet, cardio, weight training, circuits, different methods or theories, i love asking questions because i know i'm going to get a thorough and learned answer. some people think i'm crazy at how excited i get for my workouts, i just think i'm "focused"!”


jay seals, actor, amc’s mad men



as seen on








feel the buzz, feel the burn, feel your best







nutrition







personal training







yoga






customized to your individual fitness and wellness goals. 
					look phenomenal, burn fat and build strength, with fully customized workouts. 
					your fitness program can be designed for one-on-one or group training. 
					you can choose your program to focus on or incorporate elements from three specialized areas.
get started today








the focus approach
at focus integrated fitness, we’re more than just exercise enthusiasts – our health and wellness methods are supported by cutting-edge research and technology. only the most educated, qualified and capable personal trainers join our team, ensuring an unparalleled level of service. we’re passionate about designing fitness programs that deliver rapid, long-lasting results. tell us your goals and let us help sculpt them.
get a free consultation today








our gallery














results based personal training















get in touch
it's time to get results. it's time to get focused. let's talk.










send





by pressing the 'submit' button, i give my express consent for focus integrated fitness, inc.  to contact me regarding services by e-mail, telephone or text, including use of automated technology for calls or texts to any wireless number i provide. this consent may be withdrawn and is not required as a condition of purchase.





  email: pt@focusnyc.com
  phone: 212-319-3816
  address: 115 west 27th street, 11th floor, ny ny 10001
privacy policy























questions? feedback? powered by olark live chat software



