













	the lifestream, social portal, and projects of indianapolis-based software engineer and media junkie darrin snider







lungbarrow.com




general info

personal blog
photo albums
live webcam
social media presence
contact me


music


bands and solo work


indy in-tune (podcast)
indy in-tune (listen live)
local is our genre (other podcast)
an in-snide look (music blog)


technical

resume / portfolio
consulting services
project kanban
publications / whitepapers
my cyberculture archive


hobbies and habits


writing projects


radio presets
the zil experience
booklog
vain attempts at healthy living
the boa network
genealogy












lord darrin snider, mcaf

minor internet radio celebrity ... vindaloo advisor ... man of status ... serial online dater
award-winning radio and podcast host, fledgling novelist and fiction writer, occasional keyboard player/composer, subculture yoda to a bunch of people that probably shouldn't consider me a role model, former mayor of weaver bay, music trivia title holder, emerging youtube star, mannequin wrangler, and resident expert on the indianapolis music scene.
30-year veteran technologist, cloud operations specialist, business analyst, new media evangelist, ghost blogger, seo/web analytics consultant, failed entrepreneur, recovering software engineer, and inventor of the "jazzoize life, culinary, and software development methodology."
four-time nominee for best radio personality in indianapolis. twice nominated indy's most-eligible bachelor over thirty-five. winner of the 2016 nuvo cultural vision awards: music trailblazer. three-time nanowrimo winner. gilt-edged geeks' "best person to be trapped in an elevator with."
hobbies include baseball, strategy gaming, the occasional rpg, voraciously reading everything in sight, finding and cataloging exotic and unusual radio stations and live streams from around the world, quantum physics, day trading, comic books, all things sci-fi, old-time radio, the technological singularity, cooking/baking, wuxia/chop-socky flicks, cyber/technoculture, imported teas, transhumanism, and dead programming languages.
  indianapolis, in   |     indy in-tune  local music, podcasting, internet radio, seo/social media/crm, custom software development











but, maybe you're looking for ...







that radio guy from
									that show on that station

for sixteen years now, the voice and vision behind indy in-tune radio, as well as the 
									indy in-tune podcast, local is our genre, and the m.o.r. subcast, and a few others you don't know about because i have many noms de plume. 
								

must know more ...







that keyboard player from
									that one band that did that song

actually mostly just a hired gun, but always working on a couple of side projects.  
									not much to report on those yet, but you can scan through a few samplings of 
									my history as well as the occasional snippet of the new stuff currently in production here.

must know more ...









 latest photos (via flickr)






i know what you're thinking: how can this guy still be single? please visit my gofundme page, or buy a souvenir t-shirt at the gift shop on your way out ... proceeds go towards purchase of my russian mail-order bride.







latest news ...
you know, stuff you need to know, because you don't keep in touch with me as often as you should ...






nano2022 updatescored my third nanowrimo win. i think i've proven i can effortlessly spit out 50,000 words of complete gibberish now. this one, while complete, doesn't seem strong enough to warrant a second draft at this point. keep tabs on my progress here.

must know more ...






yes, i'm going awayi'm slowly purging social media and consolidating all of my creative output here.  as of new years 2023, most sites have already been closed and of the remainder, i'm only regularly active on threads and wordpress. please adjust your expectations accordingly.

must know more ...






it's now officialall hail the glorious house of pierpont-archer. the paperwork has officially arrived, and i am now a proper lord. i won't insist everyone use my title every time they address me, but i will be evoking prima noctra and do excpect a little bow or curtsey if you're making me pick up the tab.

must know more ...



other recently published thoughtswelcome to our ai overlordsfirst music discovery of 2023pet peeve #4nanowrimo final updatemust-have gadget of 2023







 current selections in my reading list (via goodreads)







 currently heavy in my musical rotation (via spotify)




















but that's not all ...
like an onion, there are always additional, kinda slimy and stinky layers underneath what you see ... for example, did you know i'm also ... 






software engineer and technical analystspecializing in mostly-dead programming languages, extremely large documents detailing and interpreting multivariate data sets, and keeping cloud operations running soother than lando calrissian's buddy with the weird headphones.

must know more ...






fledgling writer and novelistaside from the aforementioned technical stuff, a dozen or so books in various states of completion, and some corporate ghost blogging i do on the side, i mostly just blog about stuff i'm an expert in ... comic books, music, geek gadgets, and the woes of serial on-line dating for middle-aged people.

must know more ...






commissioner of tackle baseballseriously, it's a game.  it has rules.  i invented them.   accept no immitations.  it's not legitimate, sanctioned tackle baseball unless it has my signature.  someday it will probably take the sports world by storm.

must know more ...








really, this is just a landing portal whose only purpose is electronically feeding my narcissism and updating people who know me to the fact that i really haven't accomplished much new lately. not very exciting, is it? if you're looking for fresh content, you'll probably need to go to one of the sites i actually do occasionally interact with.
take me elsewhere








seeking interaction?
email or twitter dm are the preferred means of contacting me.  for the vanilla types out there, i'll offer up this form, which should bring instantaneous contact.
								please don't include a link in your message, otherwise you'll get flagged as a spammer and redirected to someplace unpleasant.

 skype (video)






























twitter.com/indypodcaster
facebook.../indypodcaster


flickr.com/.../djaysnider
youtube.com/djaysnider








© darrin snider. all rights reserved.design: html5 up









countersocial


