



	the institutes cpcu society - community for risk & insurance professionals


















skip to main content


















































































in2risk registration is temporarily unavailable.  we apologize for the inconvenience. 


dismiss













cpcu








online communityjob boardsociety storecart join today

toggle search





search



login


toggle navigation








search
























get involvedtoggle

online communitychapterstoggle

find your chapterresources & toolscircle of excellence

committeesinterest groupsbecome a volunteertoggle

gerrond award

interact mentor matchour industry partners

membershiptoggle

join / renewmember benefitsemployer supportmember directorygo-gettersaccess benefitstoggle

new member welcome toolkit

member voices

educationtoggle

webinarslearning libraryearn a designationcpcu in good standingcollege studentstoggle

nextgen scholarshiploman financial aid programin2risk student program

facilitated study groups

eventstoggle

in2leadershipreinsurance & excess surplus lines symposiumin2risktoggle

in2risk call for proposals



news & publicationstoggle

insights journalpodcastsindustry news

about ustoggle

mission and governing documentsleadership counciltoggle

past presidents

cpcu society staffaffiliates
























connect with your community with a global network of insurance industry leaders ready to connect with you and help you succeed, cpcu society membership will take your career to new heights. join or renew today for 2025







































join or renew by feb. 7 for exclusive access to a special webinar with dr. shirley davis. 
join us at in2leadership for curated leadership training. view the agenda & register here. 
tune in on feb. 24 to discuss the lifelong benefits of staying engaged with the cpcu society. 








what is the cpcu society?
the cpcu society is a global community for risk management and insurance professionals.    
membership provides you with many benefits including exclusive networking, knowledge, leadership opportunities, and career resources.    
while many members hold or are pursuing the institutes' cpcu designation, it is not a requirement to join.    
about us    why earn a designation 




 




    















advance your career at in2leadership
elevate your leadership capabilities at in2leadership. join us april 29–30, 2025, in atlanta, georgia, in partnership with the university of georgia's terry college of business executive education, for hands-on leadership training designed specifically for risk and insurance professionals.
learn more and register here














events






loading


















output



 2025 reinsurance & excess surplus lines symposiummarch 24, 2025 



 



















view all events 






webinars






loading


















output



 crowdstrike and cyber coveragefebruary 25, 2025reserve your spot 

 key leadership insights for 2025 (microlearning session)february 27, 2025reserve your spot 

 cpcu society member town hall - mar. 13, 2025march 13, 2025reserve your spot 

 regulation of generative artificial intelligencemarch 18, 2025reserve your spot 



 



















view all webinars 














find where you belong and join today
no matter where you are in your risk management and insurance journey, there's a place for you at the cpcu society.  join today to start accessing amazing benefits including:   
   


        unlimited, monthly webinars
   


     exclusive discounts and savings




        quarterly journal publications
   
 
    volunteer and leadership opportunities



    
    global network of over 15,000 professionals


       local chapters and special interest groups
  
  















 

discussions
see what our members are talking about:


























cozy up with the final insights of 2024
the 80th-anniversary of the cpcu society comes to a close with a winter issue of insights to remember! learn how today’s claims professionals have evolved into cognitive athletes capable of conquering “deep work” and overcoming myriad office obstacles. explore strategies for avoiding cyber insurance claims challenges. get up to speed on the risks and requirements of e-bikes. examine the intricacies of policy language, amid the peril of misinterpretation. plus, former publications committee member joe harrington, cpcu, commemorates the society’s milestone anniversary, complete with current and throwback photos, and jennifer roe, cpcu, shares how to land your dream job, through her own success story. 
start reading









what our members are saying
 
 




“my society membership allows me the opportunity to build relationships and increase my global perspective. i now have access to industry leaders and mentors who genuinely support me in my career goals
and development.”

 
rhuneisha fields
enterprise contact center supervisor
state farm
member since 2018




volunteer spotlight
 

meet our 2024 gerrond award recipient

we are thrilled to announce cindy baroway, cpcu as the 2024 recipient of the gerrond volunteer of the year award! cindy has made an incredible impact through her leadership within the society, serving in roles such as president of the leadership council and regional governor. she is also deeply committed to mentoring fellow members, guiding many to take on leadership roles themselves. as director of risk management and insurance at the university of colorado – denver, cindy actively engages with students, fostering the next generation of industry professionals. her dedication to both the society and the broader community exemplifies the spirit of this award. congratulations, cindy!

learn more about the gerrond award


 
    the cpcu society is a global not-for-profit membership.

 

 

 

 


;














meet the go-getters members






tim cassidyyoussef chokristefan jenssenkelsey connors











tim cassidy, cpcu, api, ains
regional underwriting manager
farmers alliance mutual insurance
mcpherson, ks

cpcu since 2024 
society member since 2024
 
connect with me on interact community 



tell us about yourself as a professional. do you have a special interest or area of expertise,
unusual background or experience, or a topic or skill you’re working to get better at?
i have been in the insurance industry for 6 years - all with farmers alliance, 2 years as an underwriter and 4 as an underwriting manager, responsible for farm and personal lines.  i was previously a vocal music teacher for 8 years.....

why are you passionate about working in insurance and/or risk management?
no two risks are the same.  i enjoy finding unique solutions and working with people.  insurance allows for me to engage my curiosity in figuring out ways to cover unique risks and help others discover new ideas and approaches that can help with unusual situations.......





view full profile 

 view all go-getter member spotlights


interested in being profiled as a go-getter? 
share your story








no content found



no content found



no content found



























 career center 













view more jobs  


the cpcu society career center is focused on your success.  we provide the tools to enhance your search, whether you're looking for the next job or need to hire the perfect candidate.  the cpcu society can help you efficiently identify new career opportunities, targeted with our member-based job network of top property and casualty insurance underwriting professionals.  find job seekers with the skills and credentials you need to fill key roles within your organization.  
this career center is meant to guide you as you begin your job search. explore relevant employment opportunities so you can put your technical insurance skills to use. we help members get a step ahead with job alerts, anonymous resume posting to match job seekers with employers, and access to free resume critique and evaluation tools.
  
visit career center















































































get involved

online community

chapters

committees

interest groups

become a volunteer




membership

join / renew

membership types

member directory 
go-getters 
access member benefits 



education

webinars

earn a designation

cpcu in good standing

college students




events

in2leadership 
reinsurance, excess and surplus lines symposium

in2risk 



news & publications

insights journal

podcasts

industry news




about us

mission and strategic plan

leadership council

cpcu society staff
affiliates 








twitter
facebook

linkedin







cpcu society
720 providence road, malvern pa 19355
phone: 800-932-2728
fax: 610-725-5969
email: membercenter@cpcusociety.org




© 2024 society for chartered property and casualty underwriters 
all rights reserved
privacy policy


cpcu is a registered trademark of the institutes designations, llc. all rights reserved.
    


















































			{1}				
			



##loc[ok]##







			    {1}				
			    





##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##





			{1}				
			

##loc[ok]##
##loc[cancel]##












