










home - oaapn
























































log in
join oaapn
 












about

chapters and regions
what is an aprn?
bylaws and mission
committees
oaapn leadership

board of trustees
board position descriptions




membership

join oaapn
member benefits
volunteer


resources

ask oaapn
jobs
chapter leader lines
top faqs & answers
blog

newsletters


clinical practice

cpg and regulatory

dea and oaars


standard care arrangement
reimbursement and coding

insurance matrix
icd-10 updates
e/m updates




license requirements


advocacy

legislative updates
philanthropy
key person program

about & volunteer
training & ce
documents
legislator visit reporting

law/rule updates




support oaapn

donate to pac
buy oaapn
general advocacy donation


annual partner program


events & education

oaapn events
other aprn events
scholarships
aprn education
ce catalogue
transition to practice video
dnp surveys
statewide conference

awards
sponsors




 


select page


  
 
 















































events

legislative updates


jobs

ask oaapn







latest news and updates











senate bill 196

the ohio association of advanced practice nurses (oaapn) is pleased to share that senate bill 196, otherwise known as global signature authority, was passed by the ohio legislature and subsequently signed by governor dewine in december 2024.   while its work began in...
read more




call for 2025 oaapn statewide conference speakers and sponsors

oaapn is seeking speakers and sponsors for the 2025 statewide conference in columbus, oh, taking place october 23-25, 2025 at hyatt regency and greater columbus convention center. speakers continuing education (ce) eligible content for conference attendees based on...
read more




amazing aprn spotlight: representative kellie deeter

kellie is both a board-certified registered nurse anesthetist and board-certified nurse practitioner. in addition to being the owner of an aprn-led business, she has held several positions within the ohio state association of nurse anesthetists and has worked...
read more









oaapn thanks our 2025 annual sponsors for their support of aprns!

















support oaapn and ohio aprns







make a donationthe oaapn pac helps eliminate practice barriers to provide quality care to all ohioans.donate to pac  general advocacy donation





buy oaapn swag
all purchases support oaapn’s political action committee.
shop now





chapters
apply for a volunteer position or to be a member of the key person program.
learn more
























oaapn is committed…
to changing ohio law to allow aprns the ability to provide the best possible health care to ohioans. full practice authority is defined as the “collection of state practice and licensure laws that allow aprns to evaluate patients, diagnose, order and interpret diagnostic tests, initiate and manage treatments – including prescribe medications – under the exclusive licensure authority of the state board of nursing.”
we have come a long way in the last decade, however ohio’s aprns continue to be restricted by outdated state practice regulations. oaapn is the voice of over 16,000 aprns in ohio – we all need to pull together to ensure that aprns can practice at the highest level of their education, training and certification.







membership matters







i love being an advanced practice nurse and want to be as involved as i can in promoting my profession.
candy rinehart
oaapn member






i believe that it is important to be engaged with other advanced practice nurses in improving not only our profession, but improving patient care along the way.
bethany parsell 
director of reimbursement, oaapn






i like to keep up on the newest developments in medications, legislature and changes that affect my practice. oaapn makes it easy to do.
kelly shank
immediate past president, oaapn








contact oaapn




name*email address*

message*4 + 3 =*commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  




















 








 
ohio association of advanced practice nurses
400 w. wilson bridge rd, ste. 120
worthington, oh 43085
phone: 866-668-3839
fax: 614-221-1989
general e-mail: info@oaapn.org

quick linkshome
join oaapn
what is an aprn?
statewide conference
blog
contact us


latest news


senate bill 196


call for 2025 oaapn statewide conference speakers and sponsors


amazing aprn spotlight: representative kellie deeter


welcome to our newest board member!


connect with us on social 

facebook
linkedin
 



copyright 2016 © oaapn | all rights reserved 








































