




 



cave creek ranch: portal az lodging cottages & birding













































































navigation








 
phone: 520-558-2334
email: info@cavecreekranch.com
   




home
ranch news
about

about cave creek ranch
cave creek canyon
chiricahua mountains
southeastern arizona
exploring se arizona


lodging & rates
birds
flora and fauna
reunions & retreats
research
area info

resources
directions


reviews
contact














lodging cottages & birding 


located in the chiricahua mountains of southeastern arizona, cave creek ranch occupies 12 secluded acres alongside famous cave creek, and offers spectacular views of the rhyolite cliffs of cave creek canyon. our hummingbird feeders, seed feeders, water, shrubs and trees attract many arizona specialty birds, including the elegant trogon, montezuma quail and 12 species of hummingbirds. southeast arizona bird watching attracts many vistitors to the area.
habitats at cave creek ranch range from pine-oak woodland and cottonwood-sycamore riparian areas, to grassy meadows and chihuahuan desertscrub. evergreen forests are less than 2 miles away and hiking trails lead to the top of the canyon.








a visit to cave creek ranch is a return to a quieter, simpler time in a spectacular canyon setting.  the ranch has been hosting guests for over 100 years, and has been a sanctuary for much of that time.  the wildlife, while not tame, is not afraid of people.  some of the peacefulness comes from no cell service, no phones, no wi-fi, and no televisions in the rooms.  the office does have wi-fi that extends to the front porch and main birding area, so you will not be cut off, just not bothered in your room.
all rooms have full kitchens and bathrooms, and the most common guest comments include “magical”, “paradise”, “amazing”, and “beautiful”.  we hope to share this part of heaven on earth with you.
our lodging options range from meadowview apt 1, a small apartment that sleeps 2, to the ranch house that sleeps 8, with a variety of cabins and lodge apartments in between. all include private bathrooms and fully equipped kitchens. your experience here will be a special time; away from the modern world, and free from the distractions of cell phones, tv and radio. wi-fi is available on the office porch.
not a birder? cave creek ranch is ideal for retreats and reunions, as a base for hiking or exploring the chiricahua mountains, and for viewing spectacular fall colors. it is also excellent as a base for people interested in butterflies, moths, dragonflies, bats, reptiles, wildflowers, and many other elements of flora and fauna.






240 miles of hiking trails

there are over 240 miles of maintained trails in the chiricahua mountains, many of them day hikes. a series of day hikes allows you to see a greater variety of the flora, fauna, and scenery. located a quarter mile from the coronado national forest cave creek ranger station, cave creek ranch is perfectly situated as a base camp for day hiking.






lodging 
our lodging options range from a small apartment that sleeps 2, to the ranch house that sleeps 8, with a variety of cabins and lodge apartments in between. all include private bathrooms and fully equipped kitchens. your experience here will be a special time; away from the modern world, and free from the distractions of cell phones, tv and radio.
habitats at cave creek ranch range from pine-oak woodland and cottonwood-sycamore riparian areas, to grassy meadows and chihuahuan desertscrub. evergreen forests are less than 2 miles away and hiking trails lead to the top of the canyon.
learn about our rentals









reservations and information: 520-558-2334 | info@cavecreekranch.com | p.o. box 16554, portal, az 85632 |© 2025 cave creek ranch | sitemap










































homeranch newsabout

about cave creek ranchcave creek canyonchiricahua mountainssoutheastern arizonaexploring se arizona
lodging & ratesbirdsflora and faunareunions & retreatsresearcharea info

resourcesdirections
reviewscontact

				× close panel			











 
