







welcome













































 





									facebook









main menu




welcome 


torah cycle 


















home











			welcome		




			details			



						published: 16 june 2019					



 

 
		print	 




we humbly welcome all, israelite and sojourner alike, to olive tree messianic fellowship (otmf). we hope you find what you are looking for here. please let us know if there is anything we are missing so that we can provide you with a better experience on your next visit.







			sabbath service		




			details			



						published: 11 september 2019					



 

 
		print	 




erev shabbat seder/shabbat evening service
candle lighting (usually done just before dusk / sunset)
baruch atah yhvh elohenu melech ha alom, asher kidshanu b'mitzvahtav vetzi vonu l'chad leek ner, shel shabbat. amayn.blessed are you, o yhvh our elohim, king of the universe, who has sanctified us by his commandments and has commanded us to be a light to nations and has given us yeshua the messiah, the light of the world.
mother lights the first candle, and says the following: this candle represents creation. (gen 1:3) and elohim said, let there be light: and there was light. messiah (john 12:46) said i am come a light into the world, that whosoever believeth on me should not abide in darkness.
eldest daughter lights the second candle, and says the following: this candle represents redemption. (psalm 119:5-7) thy word [is] a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path. i have sworn, and i will perform [it], that i will keep thy righteous judgments. i am afflicted very much: quicken me, o yhvh, according unto thy word. messiah said (mat 5:14) you are the light of the world. a city that is set on an hill cannot be hid.
blessing over the overflowing cup (father)
baruch atah yhvh elohenu melech ha alom, borey p'ree ha gaphen. amayn.blessed are thou, o yhvh our elohim, king of the universe, who creates the fruit of the vine. amen.messiah said (john 15:1) i am the true vine, and my father is the husbandman.
blessing over the bread (father)
baruch atah yhvh elohenu melech ha alom, ha motzi le chem min ha eretz. amayn.blessed are thou, o yhvh our elohim, king of the universe, who brings forth bread from out of the earth. amen.messiah said (jhn 6:48) i am that bread of life.
blessing over wives
father, we thank you for giving us wives of proverbs. yhvh i thank you for the wife that you've given me. may you be blessed as you rise while it is yet night to see about the ways of our household and may you be blessed as you see about the daily care and education of our children. may your mouth be filled with wisdom and kindness. may your heart meditate on the power and the glory of yhvh and may your hands perform the mitzvot (commandments), as you do the work of yeshua, amen.
blessing all the children of israel
yevarekhekha yhvh veyishmarekha, ya'er yhvh panev e'leykha vi'chunekha, yisa yhvh panev e'leykha ve'yasem lekha shalom.may yhvh bless you and keep you. may he cause his face to shine upon you. may he lift up his countenance and grant you peace. and they shall put my name upon the children of israel; and i will bless them. (num 6:24-27)
blessing over the sons
(parents) may you be as ephraim and manassah. may yhvh with you ever be. may he bring you home unto the land prepared for thee.(father) may yhvh bless you and grant you long life.(mother) may the yhvh fulfill our sabbath prayer for you, and make you good husbands and fathers.(father) may he prepare holy wives for you.
blessing over the daughters
(parents) may you be as sarah, rebekah, rachel and leah. may yhvh with you ever be.may he bring you home unto the land prepared for thee.(father) may elohim bless you and grant you long life.(mother) may the yhvh fulfill our sabbath prayer for you, and may he make you good mothers and wives.(father) may he bring you a husband who will care for you.
blessing all the children of israel
may the yhvh protect and defend you. may his spirit fill you with grace.may our family grow in happiness, o yhvh hear our sabbath prayer. amen.
veshamroo
leader: ve-sham-roo ve-nay yisrael et ha-shabbat le-dor-otam be-reet olam. be-nay oo-va-yan benay yisrael ot hee le-olam kee she-shet ya-amin a sah yhvh et ha-sha-ma-yeem v'et ha-eretz oo-va-yom ha-shevee-ee sha-vat vay-een-a-fash
all:the children of israel shall keep the sabbath and observe the sabbath throughout their generations as an everlasting covenant. it is a sign between me and the children of israel forever: for in six days yhvh made heaven and earth, and on the seventh day he ceased from his work and rested. (exd 31:16-17)
song of blessing (to the tune of edelweiss )
bless our home, bless our foodcome yhvh and sit with us.make our talk glow with peacecome let your love surround us.
friendship and peace may they bloom and grow bloom and grow forever.
bless our home, bless our food,bless our dear land forever.
shema
all: shema yisrael, yhvh eloheinu, yhvh echad. baruch shem ke-vod mal-choo-to lay-olam va-ed.
all: hear o israel, yhvh elohenu, yhvh is one. (deu 6:4) blessed be his name, whose glorious kingdom is forever and ever. amen.





			passover haggadah - seder service		




			details			



						published: 06 april 2020					



 

 
		print	 




download our messianic passover haggadah.it is formatted for "booklet" format in duplex. two pages per side. 






 
 






go to top



