





iarf - international association for religious freedom




















































































































































 













 about iarf community platform
 log in
 sign up



















international association for religious freedom



menu




 about us 

 about the iarf
 our team
 history


 blog

 membership 

 member organisations and chapters
 membership for organisations
 membership for individuals
 chapters


 contact

 projects 

 free religion institute
 world congresses
 talks and conferences
 human rights education


 support us






 




















the iarf, founded in 1900, is the first international interfaith organisation - a worldwide community uniting diverse traditions of free and liberal religion. our membership includes organisations and individuals from 5 continents, 23 countries and various religious traditions, including unitarianism, christianity, islam, buddhism, shinto, zoroastrianism, indigenous faiths, and others. we have chapters in nine countries.
 our mission
our mission is to protect religious minorities, advance religious freedom and other human rights, and promote global awareness and understanding of liberal religion. we believe that religious freedom encompasses not only freedom of religion but also freedom within religion.
 our work
our work spans diverse activities: from supporting projects and advocating with the un and governments to organising courses, dialogues, and cultural exchanges. we strive to foster a global community of liberal thinkers who believe that free and liberal religion not only aids personal spiritual growth but also contributes to a better and more just world.






 



news and blog 







articles

 



				happy thanksgiving!			




			november 29, 2024		

			1 comment		






blog

 



				free religion institute: inaugural sessions			




			october 30, 2024		

			no comments		






articles

 



				empowering foundations: advancing equality and opportunity through rural engagement			




			october 27, 2024		

			2 comments		






blog

 



				from the iccgc-congo confernece			




			october 22, 2024		

			no comments		






activities

 



				global citizens pursuing a just, peaceable, inclusive and sustainable future:  an iccgc-congo collaborative conference			




			august 3, 2024		

			no comments		






















the international association for religious freedomessex hall 1-6 essex streetlondon, wc2r 3hyunited kingdomcharity incorporated organisation registered with the british charity commission under no 1026699. the iarf has general consultative status with the economic and social committee of the united nations.our privacy policy. 

















 









luke@iarf.net 




















(+31) 641-744-951 




















iarf_skype 















translate » 





























































































