


home | trinity college london


































































shop


support resources


contact


































about us




about us
company information
partner organisations
tcl press
qualification recognition
research
standards & regulation
policies




work with trinity
careers
working in partnership
become a registered exam centre
become a listed selt course provider
become a listed education agent






news & events
events
news






digital innovations
skill up!
notelab english
notelab music






trinity stories
trinity success stories
drama success stories
selt stories
meet the examiners
trinity college london scholars
discover trinity's india music stories






our qualifications




secure english language tests
tests for ukvi
book a test




english language
gese – graded examinations in spoken english
ise – integrated skills in english
trinity stars awards
esol skills for life (uk)
esol step 1 and step 2 (uk)




teaching english
tesol overview
diptesol
certtesol
certpt
certot
teach english online
tylec (young learners)




music
digital classical & jazz grades
classical & jazz grades
digital rock & pop grades
rock & pop grades
theory of music grades
digital music diplomas
music diplomas
music certificate exams
certificate for music educators
awards & certificates in musical development




drama
drama grades
drama diplomas
young performers certificates
professional performing arts diplomas
acting for screen
communication skills






digital
digital grades & diplomas for music and drama






arts award








help




our help hubs
for candidates
for teachers
for parents/guardians
for prospective trinity centres
for existing trinity centres
for private language schools
for employers/he institutions
for education agents
for approved selt service providers




useful links
customer services
certificate information
enquiries about results
running trinity exams
trinity results verification




contact us
can't find what you need?get in touch with us.












book exam


your local trinity












shop


support resources


contact


search


  























welcome to trinity college londontransforming lives through the power of communication and performancetrinity college london, established in 1872, is a leading internationally recognised awarding organisation, publisher and independent education charity. we specialise in the assessment of communicative and performance skills covering music, drama, combined arts and english language. 



explore our qualifications
book exam






 

music 


  


trinity college london supports the music education of students with assessments across a wide spectrum including classical, jazz and rock & pop. 


 


learn more




 

drama 


  


from a student's first steps to industry-aligned professional training, our drama candidates learn real world skills for life on, and beyond, the stage. 


 


learn more




 

english language 


  


whether you want to learn english, teach english or gain a uk visa, we have the right english language qualification to help you get where you need to go. 


 


learn more







explore all qualifications 








regional informationtrinity college london provides exams and awards qualifications in over 60 countries around the world. there may be certain information, such as exam fees, product offering and contact information, which are unique and specific to your country. 



please use the selectors below to find out more about trinity college london in your country. 






-- select a location --
albania
algeria
antigua & barbuda
argentina
australia
austria
bahamas
bahrain
barbados
belgium
botswana
brazil
brunei darussalam
bulgaria
canada
cayman islands
chile
china
cyprus
czech republic
denmark
egypt
estonia
finland
france
germany
greece
hong kong sar
hungary
india
indonesia
ireland
israel
italy
jamaica
japan
jordan
kenya
kenya
latvia
lebanon
lithuania
luxembourg
macau sar
malaysia
maldives
malta
mexico
moldova
morocco
namibia
netherlands
new zealand
nigeria
oman
paraguay
poland
portugal
qatar
romania
russia
serbia
singapore
slovakia
slovenia
south africa
spain
sri lanka
switzerland
taiwan
thailand
trinidad & tobago
tunisia
turkey
uae
ukraine
united kingdom
united states
uruguay
uzbekistan
venezuela
vietnam




-- select an area of interest --






-- select a qualification --




-- select information --





go




if your country is not currently listed, or you cannot find the information you are looking for, we’d still like to hear from you – please use the form on our contact us page to get in touch. 







trinity success stories 



we love hearing about the positive impact taking a trinity college london exam or qualification has on student learning, engagement and achievement. these stories share the experiences of teachers, learners and parents from around the world, focusing on how a trinity college london assessment has helped them develop the skills they need in real life. 





music

joseph's story
school of rock star joseph sheppard has been performing since he was very young. he tells us about the work he has put in so far to achieve such....read more 



english

serena and adry's story
serena runs callitability, an educational volunteer project where she has been preparing groups of students with intellectual disabilities for gese exams since ...read more 



music

rené’s story
music has always been a big part of rené’s life. coming from a musical family, rené started playing the piano at primary school, and was already covering for he...read more 



music

sam’s story
sam bickmore is an impressive young musician, who managed to achieve a distinction at grade 8 in drumming and is now hoping to inspire other musician to go afte...read more 



english

alice’s story
alice was around 8 years old when she took her grade 4 gese at primary school. she had already been studying english for a few years at that point, and her teac...read more 



music

ben’s story
ben cadman is a drummer who has already achieved impressive results in his graded drum exams at a young age. he first picked up the drumsticks when he saw a dru...read more 



music

melissa’s story
melissa is a young, british musician who has achieved incredible things with the piano since she started playing in 2018. she can remember being interested in t...read more 



english

rajni, dolly, mamta and heemal
in 2012, trinity college london partnered with the centre board of secondary education (cbse) in india, to deliver training in assessment methods for speaking a...read more 



music

the metastos trio
the competition has been celebrating the finest talent from the uk’s leading conservatoires since 1961, so this really was an incredible achievement for miguel ...read more 



english

guadalupe’s story
english language teaching and trinity exams have been a part of guadalupe garcia’s family’s lives for many years now. guadalupe and her family have run a school...read more 



music

frankie’s story
as a passionate young pianist, frankie has always enjoyed expressing himself by performing his piano pieces. already enjoying success with trinity college londo...read more 



music

jovita’s story
jovita bhaumik is an all-round entertainer, who has been slowly honing her craft through her trinity exams and is about to put all her hard work to use in a tri...read more 



english

karin’s story
karin xie is a certtesol, tylec and diptesol qualified teacher educator from shenzhen, china who is now working as a certtesol trainer herself. we spoke to kari...read more 



drama

denise gough
denise gough is a renowned irish actress. she has made a name for herself in film and television, but the stage remains her true passion. denise is a double oli...read more 



drama

nikki bentley
nikki bentley is a british actor famous for her many high-profile musical theatre roles. her enviable credits include starring as elphaba in wicked in the west ...read more 



drama

louis gaunt
louis gaunt is a british actor, singer and musical theatre performer. his most recent role is bert in the acclaimed stage musical of mary poppins in the west en...read more 



drama

adele heather taylor
adele heather taylor is an actress, screenwriter and dancer known for television and film roles in the blacklist, hail caesar! and hawaii five-o. originally fro...read more 



english

oluwakemi
oluwakemi (kemi) began her transformational journey to live in the uk after meeting her husband. kemi was enjoying the tropical heat of lagos in nigeria when sh...read more 



english

chau
many years ago, chau’s father came to the uk to spend time here but later returned to china to marry and start a family. he always had the ambition to return to...read more 



english

roseneid
living just outside of venice italy, roseneid worked hard and enjoyed life but had ambitions for a different life for herself and her family. she had trained as...read more 

 



 



about trinity college london 



with over 850,000 candidates a year in more than 60 countries worldwide, our qualifications are specifically designed to help people progress. we inspire teachers and learners through assessments that are enjoyable to prepare for, rewarding to teach and develop skills needed in real life. 




 




history and heritage 



trinity college london is a prestigious modern heritage organisation, with an impressive history of more than 150 years. 












 




recognition 



a trinity college london qualification can lead to a place at university, a new job or even a new life in another country. 
















news


view all news stories












07 jan 2025



music & drama access fund 2025 — now open for applications!




we are delighted to announce that the uk music & drama access fund 2025 is now open for applications!
the music & drama access fund provides small grants for trinity candidates based in the... read more 















18 dec 2024



sachin das, our india lead, awarded honorary fellowship by trinity laban












12 dec 2024



globally acclaimed composer a. r. rahman appointed honorary president of trinity laban












03 dec 2024



trinity college london annual report 2023-24












28 oct 2024



spotlight on china: the 2024 trinity college london china conference, and new partnerships in the region














 




help hubs 



everything you need, whether you’re taking, teaching or running trinity college london exams. 












 




support resources 



we provide a range of support resources to help teachers and candidates prepare for trinity college london exams. 
















work with trinity college london 



discover how you or your organisation can work with trinity college london. 




 




careers 



we support our people and help them realise their ambitions through providing assistance with further education, offering external and internal training programmes and providing professional coaching and mentoring. 












 




become a registered exam centre 



find out more about becoming a registered exam centre with trinity college london. 


















don’t miss out! 



make sure you don’t miss the latest news from trinity college london.sign up for email updates about your subject area. 



sign up



 









our qualifications
selt
english
music
drama
arts award




help hubs
for candidates
for teachers
for parents/guardians
for prospective centres
for existing trinity centres
for employers/he institutions
for education agents
for approved selt service providers




popular actions
book exam
access support resources
buy books
contact us














© 2025 trinity college london

accessibility
data protection
modern slavery statement
privacy statement
terms of use
trinity policies



back to top

