








	wilmington district, u.s. army corps of engineers



















            an official website of the united states government 
        here's how you know 
        







 official websites use .mil a .mil website belongs to an official u.s. department of defense organization in the united states.



secure .mil websites use https a lock (lock  ) or  https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .mil website. share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.








skip to main content (press enter).




us army corps of engineers
wilmington district website










®








           about
        



           mission and vision
        
 

           leadership
        
 

           wilmington district history / overview
        
 

           wilmington district aor
        
 



           business with us
        



           contracting
        
 

           small business
        
 

           safety
        
 

           security
        
 



           missions
        



           navigation
        



           hydrographic surveys
        



           aiww
        
 

           inlets-crossings
        
 

           manteo-oregon inlet
        
 

           morehead city & beaufort harbors
        
 

           river projects
        
 

           side channels small harbors
        
 

           wilmington harbor
        
 



           dredging
        
 

           engineer yard
        
 

           easements
        



           disposal areas
        



           disposal areas - copy
        
 



           land trade requests
        
 



           setbacks
        
 

           google earth info
        



           google-earth
        
 



           links
        
 

           master plans
        
 

           support for others
        
 

           public notices
        
 

           no wake zones
        
 



           coastal storm risk management
        



           dare county beaches/bodie island
        
 

           dare county hatteras to ocracoke
        
 

           bogue banks
        
 

           west onslow beach (topsail beach)
        
 

           wrightsville beach
        
 

           carolina beach
        
 

           area south, nc (southern carolina beach and all of kure beach shorelines)
        
 

           oak island, caswell and holden beaches
        
 

           ocean isle beach
        
 

           folly beach
        
 

           ongoing csrm schedule trackers
        
 

           surf city general reevaluation report and environmental assessment
        
 



           water management/multi purpose reservoirs
        
 

           recreation
        
 

           hydropower
        
 

           ecosystem restoration & cap studies
        



           kerr water control plan update
        
 

           neuse river basin, nc
        
 

           currituck sound, nc
        
 

           estuary restoration program
        
 

           section 206, aquatic ecosystem restoration
        
 

           section 1135, proj. mods for improvement of envir
        
 

           manteo section 204
        
 

           wanchese marsh section 204
        
 

           nc oyster sanctuary program
        
 

           hookerton, nc - section 14
        
 

           richardson and buffkin ponds giant salvinia control
        
 



           formerly used defense sites
        



           camp butner
        
 

           charlotte naval ammunition depot
        
 



           military construction
        
 

           regulatory permit program
        



           contact
        
 

           e-submittal of applications
        
 

           electronic submittals
        
 

           ncdot funded positions
        
 

           general permits
        
 



           readiness contingency operations
        



           hurricane florence
        
 

           response and recovery
        
 



           public affairs
        
 

           section 408
        
 

           flood risk management
        



           neuse river basin
        
 

           tar-pamlico river basin
        
 

           lumber river basin
        
 





           careers
        



           regulatory jobs
        
 

           equal employment opportunity
        



           affirmative employment program
        
 

           special emphasis program
        
 





           library
        



           projects
        
 

           review plans
        
 

           nepa documents
        
 



           media
        



           news stories
        
 

           news releases
        
 

           images
        
 

           videos
        
 

           media advisory
        
 



           locations
        



           headquarters
        
 

           district lakes and dams
        



           b. everett jordan
        
 

           cape fear locks and dams
        
 

           falls lake
        
 

           john h. kerr 1
        
 

           philpott
        



           reallocation feasibility study
        
 



           w. kerr scott
        
 



           usace locations
        
 



           contact
        



           wetlands and permitting questions
        
 

           general questions
        
 

           freedom of information act
        
 

           usace office locator
        
 



           coronavirus
        





























hurricane helene response information 


























usace continues hurricane helene recovery efforts
col. brad morgan, u.s. army corps of engineers wilmington district and hurricane helene recovery field office commander, left, discusses water purification with usace task force water lead heath jones during a site visit at the university of north carolina asheville, nov. 14. usace is the supporting college to provide safe drinking water to the students. 

usace is working in partnership with local, state and federal agencies in response to the historic flooding from hurricane helene.













usace continues supporting hurricane helene recovery efforts
tim quinlan, u.s. army corps of engineers wilmington district project manager and debris quality assurance representative, monitors debris coming into a temporary debris placement site near lake lure, north carolina, nov. 15. 

the corps of engineers is working in partnership with local, state and federal agencies in response to the historic flooding from hurricane helene. current efforts include removing debris from the city of asheville, north carolina; buncombe, polk and mcdowell counties; as well as lake lure and the north carolina arboretum. in addition to removing debris, usace is also working with the city of asheville and buncombe county to provide safe drinking water.













assistance
please use this as a resource to get individual assistance from fema.

utilice esto como recurso para obtener asistencia individual de fema.













assistance
please use this as a resource to get individual assistance from fema.

utilice esto como recurso para obtener asistencia individual de fema.













contracting
guide to doing business with the army corps of engineers





















**currently, the wilmington district and the north carolina division of water resources (ncdwr) have a joint permit application (jpa) procedure for nationwide or regional permit applications or pre-construction notifications (pcns) within the wilmington district.  at this time, jpa processes are not available via the rrs.  applicants can submit jpas through the ncdwr link below:
https://www.deq.nc.gov/about/divisions/water-resources/permitting/401-buffer-permitting/application-forms-help-documents










most requested



 









 





news releases






surf city draft report seeking public comments

                9/5/2024 
            

                u.s. army corps of engineers, wilmington district, has published a draft of its general reevaluation report and environmental assessment (grr/ea) for the surf city coastal storm risk management...
            


snow's cut shoreline stabilization and erosion protection measures public scoping meeting

                6/17/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) wilmington district will host a public scoping meeting regarding the proposed “snow's cut shoreline stabilization and erosion protection measures” project...
            





usace wilmington to hold public meetings for the wilmington harbor 403 project

                5/20/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers will host a series of public engagements during the wilmington harbor 403 scoping comment period...
            


usace introduces new regulatory request system online application portal

                5/16/2024 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers is introducing its new regulatory request system, an online application portal that allows the public to submit permit applications and other information when...
            


surf city to receive additional supplemental appropriations via disaster relief act (2019) for general reevaluation report

                12/21/2023 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) wilmington district received 1 million dollars of additional supplemental appropriations via the disaster relief act (dra) for the general reevaluation report...
            


wrightsville beach csrm renourishment work begins this week

                12/5/2023 
            

                work is set to begin on the coastal storm risk management (csrm) renourishment at wrightsville beach this week...
            


morehead city inner ocean bar construction has begun

                12/1/2023 
            

                marinex construction, inc. started the dredging of morehead city inner ocean bar and placement of beach quality sand onto atlantic beach this week...
            


maintenance dredging contract award: back sound to look out bight

                11/8/2023 
            

                wilmington, n.c. - the wilmington district awarded a $6,898,500 contract to next generation logistics, to provide maintenance dredging of the back sound to lookout bight federal navigation channel and...
            


maintenance dredging contract award: south atlantic division regional harbor dredging contract 

                9/21/2023 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) wilmington district awarded a $23.9 million contract to manson construction company on september 15, 2023, for the maintenance dredging of the savannah harbor,...
            


renourishment contract award: wrightsville beach

                9/13/2023 
            

                the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) wilmington district awarded a $13.6 million contract to marinex construction, inc. for the renourishment of wrightsville beach...
            





maintenance dredging contract award: wilmington harbor anchorage basin & mid-river

                9/7/2023 
            

                wilmington, n.c. – the u.s. army corps of engineers (usace) wilmington district awarded an $18 million contract to norfolk dredging company on 1 september 2023, for the maintenance dredging of the...
            







view more













social media





                     
 
 














wetlands and permitting questions



for questions concerning wetlands or permitting click here.





trending pages



post-helene quick permitting guide
regulatory information for north carolina flood response
manteo shallowbag bay (oregon inlet) navigation corridor dare co, nc - ea/fonsi/signed june 2024
usace regulatory program video
wilmington harbor 403 letter report and eis
wilmington harbor 403 public notice of intent
sackett vs epa- update on regulatory jurisdiction
regulatory permit program and new regulatory request system





tar-pamlico river basin integrated feasibility report and environmental assessment



click here for documents related to the public release of this draft report





regulatory jobs available


















what is the u.s. army corps of engineers?


















































































essayons








our mission
deliver vital engineering solutions, in collaboration with our partners, to secure our nation, energize our economy, and reduce disaster risk.


about the wilmington district website
this is the official public website of the wilmington district, u.s. army corps of engineers. for website corrections, write to sawweb-pao@usace.army.mil













accessibilitycontact usquality factslink disclaimerno fear actprivacy & securitysite mapusa.govsmall businessopen governmentplain languageeeo & sharp


igfoiaisalute



















hosted by defense media activity - web.mil














