








robot power




















 



   home 




 














 sections



 



home 
products

downloads


buy















 subsections



 



who
        is robot power? 

contact us





















 welcome to
      robot power! 












































welcome


  







robot power is dedicated to providing
    and supporting economical motor and motion control solutions for a wide
    variety industrial, research, and hobby applications. we offer
    off-the-shelf h-bridge motor controls for brushed dc motors from 1.2 amps
    to 160 amps of robot motivating current. we also offer consulting services
    for custom solutions to meet your needs. contact us if you don't see what
    you need. we're small enough to be responsive and experienced enough to
    give you a solid working solution to your control system problems. 
news 

09/06/22 - scorpion
    cl: robot power is happy to announce the newest member of our
    long-running scorpion family of dual-channel rc escs.  the scorpion cl stands for compact low-profile.  this
    new unit is specifically designed to deliver a very compact and flat
    profile dual-mixing esc for rc control of your high-performance
    robots.  the scorpion cl also
    introduces our "build your esc" service to provide a finished esc
    built to your exact specifications for power-side wire lengths, connectors
    and conformal coating for protection from the often harsh environment
    inside some robots.  these
    optional add-ons deliver a finished and ready to install esc needing no
    soldering so you can spend more time driving.
 
08/24/21 - power
    supply protector: robot power is happy to announce a unique new
    product family for protection of ac/dc power supplies while operating motor
    drives. our ps protector family works
    by blocking reverse current from the motor control back into the power
    supply which most power supplies cannot tolerate.  visit the product family page for
    more details.  these products
    also work as a "ideal diode" between multiple power supplies or batteries
    for backup or hot-swapping purposes.
 
03/20/20 - scorpion
    nano: the scorpion nano is our smallest dual-channel motor control.
    each of its two channels will safely drive 1.2a of current at up to 16v.
    peak current is about 3a per channel. each channel can be independently
    controlled or mixed for easy control of skid steer robots. the scorpion
    nano features current and temp limiting and easy radio calibration. 
 
 


all our
    electronic products are 100% designed and built in the usa. this means we
    have to charge slightly higher prices but we feel strongly that our quality
    is the best you can get. 
happy
    browsing






copyright © 2001-2022 robot power llc
152 smokey terrace ln, weatherford, tx 76085 voice:
360-515-0691 
problems? contact the webmaster
 



