


	home - new zealand sports hall of fame - where champions live on
































covid-19 level 1 update

      under alert level 1, the new zealand sports hall of fame is now open. our hours are 10am to 3pm (wednesdays to sundays). we are closed on mondays and tuesdays (open by appointment only on these days).
    





visit the museum

visit the new zealand sports hall of fame museum in dunedin, new zealand


contact details


contact us by e-mail
+64 (3) 477 7775

close menu




welcome to the new zealand sports hall of fame in dunedin - where champions live on...

search for:






find us on facebook










home


about us


hall of fame inductees


merchandise


visit the museum in dunedin


contact us


close menu

find us on facebook
contact us by e-mail
+64 (3) 477 7775
visit the museum in dunedin
search this website










colin meads, all blackread more




philippa gould, swimmerread more




beatrice faumuinā, athleticsread more




chris amon, formula 1 driverread more




yvette williams, athleteread more




wilson whineray, rugby unionread more




lorraine moller, athleteread more







welcome to the new zealand sports hall of fame



where champions live on




the new zealand sports hall of fame was established in 1990 as part of the celebrations to mark new zealand's 150 years of organised settlement. in the first year, 75 of new zealand's greatest sports achievers were inducted - one for every two years of nationhood.





about usour inducteesvisit the museumcontact us











about the new zealand sports hall of fame
read more









visit the museum in dunedin
read more

















nominate a sporting great
read more









new zealand sports hall of fame merchandise
read more


















sporting spotlight
dick motz
(1940 - 2007)
motz, a big man in stature and reputation, was the first new zealander to take 100 test wickets.
read more





our sponsors






























© 2025 new zealand sports hall of fame - sitemap - privacy policy - disclaimerwebsite by tierra creative




top


new zealand sports hall of fame
    railway station
    anzac avenue
    dunedin 9016
    otago
    new zealand
  
view location map
close menu







this page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with stylesheets (css) enabled. while you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (css) if you are able to do so. the latest version of firefox, safari, google chrome or internet explorer will work best if you're after a new browser.









