





































    
    home - new tradition homes of nc, llc
  
  















               


     home



  about



  available homes



  available home sites



  communities



  gallery


   interior gallery



  exterior gallery





  contact



  news & updates






   

704-400-0164








    
 





       welcome tonew tradition homes of nc with a commitment to quality, value, and owner satisfaction, new tradition homes has been a proud builder of fine custom homes in weddington, nc and the surrounding union county and south charlotte areas for more than 20 years.   

read more




    about us



   

 who we arein the weddington and charlotte, nc home building arena, new tradition homes' debra and jim badalamenti are the premier builders of  high-quality true custom homes. this husband and wife team builds every home as if it were their own, with a focus on details and an intolerance of cutting corners. they build a "100 year plus" home packed with quality to be appreciated into the 22nd century!   

learn more




   photo gallery     

  view exterior gallery
  

exterior photos




  

  view interior gallery
  

interior photos










   communities


   

 our communitieswe've built fine homes in a number of area communities over the years. lately our focus has been the fine community of skyecroft where we continue to expand our collection of premium home sites to choose from. we have a number of one-of-a-kind plans to grab your interest or to springboard into a new custom design with one of our design partners. for 2019 we have associated a select few of our finest plans to our home sites as examples of what your new tradition can become!   

view all




   
  

available homes


 
  

available home sites


 
  

news & updates




   testimonials


   "exceeded our expectations in so many ways. their attention to detail and the pride in their work, treating every home as if it's their own, made the whole process enjoyable." kelly & bob moertle
 "building our home was a wonderful experience. they were very responsive and committed to exceeding expectations... and the craftsmanship second to none. we'd certainly build with jim and debra again!"  bob & julie loren






      contact us debra : (704) 400-0164debra@nthomes.com jim :     (704) 400-7524jim@nthomes.com new tradition homes of nc, llc © 2021















































































































  
  share by:








