











 global good news - good news from around the world - 17 february 2025 



















 
 







 





â â 

vedic calendar
national days












how we presentthe news
world news
positive trends
success stories
flops
  
agriculture
business
culture
education
government
health
science
world peace
news by country 
  

excellencein action

consciousnessbased education
ideal societyindex

maharishi tv
watch live

maharishi® channel

maharishi darshan

maharishi's great global events,press conferences,celebrations,special occasions
joining hands

maharishi in theworld today
  

  invincible world
action for achievement
announcements
  

   ultimate gifts

  maharishi'sprogrammes

maharishi'scourses

maharishi'spublications

scintillatingintelligence

  worldwide links

  transcendentalmeditation

research

album of events

celebrationcalendars

musicmall ♬
  

more to enjoy  ▾


about globalgood news
 send good news
ggn tv ads
rss
comments



  
search








support the news you love to read. a small monthly donation will ensure global good news continues to awaken the world to all that is good. click here.








 good news in arabic


 top stories
positive trends






 

older women in nepal are learning how to read and write 

								14 february 2025 - for about a year now, [sushila gautam, 77] has been going for free lessons near her home on the outskirts of nepal's capital kathmandu, at the ujyalo community learning center. the center was set up three years ago by the local council to provide basic education to women like her. ...the center has made more than 200 women literate in its first three years. (more)

thousands in taiwan and china celebrate the lantern festival with high hopes and rice dumplings 

								13 february 2025 - thousands in taiwan and china celebrated the lantern festival on wednesday [13 february] by releasing paper lanterns into the night sky, visiting light installations, and snacking on glutinous rice dumplings. the holiday marks the end of the lunar new year period and is celebrated annually on the 15th day of the first month of the lunar calendar. (more)

scientists detect record-breaking 'ghost particle' in the mediterranean sea 

								12 february 2025 - astronomers using a giant network of sensors, still under construction at the bottom of the mediterranean sea, have found the highest-energy cosmic 'ghost particle' ever detected. the neutrino, as the particle is formally known, is 30 times more energetic than any of the few hundreds of previously detected neutrinos. (more)

a deep-sea neutrino telescope spots the most energetic ghost particle yet 

								12 february 2025 - a neutrino detector submerged in the mediterranean sea has sniffed out the most energetic ghost particle yet, scientists reported wednesday [12 february]. the newly detected neutrino is around 30 times more active than the previous recordholder. scientists think it came from outside the milky way galaxy but its exact source remains a mystery. (more)

lost cities of the amazon: how science is revealing ancient garden towns hidden in the rainforest 

								12 february 2025 - archaeologists using 3d mapping are uncovering the remains of thousands of green metropolises with composted gardens, fisheries, and forests groomed into orchards. ...the discovery challenges historical ideas of a pristine jungle too harsh to sustain human occupation. (more)

many birds-of-paradise species emit light through their plumage, study finds 

								11 february 2025 - birds-of-paradise are known for their bright and colorful plumage, but it turns out they are even more dazzling than previously thought. researchers have found 37 of the 45 species show biofluorescence -- in other words, patches of their plumage or other body parts absorb uv or blue light, and emit light at lower frequencies. (more)

eager beavers: rodents engineer czech wetland project after years of human delay 

								11 february 2025 - beavers accomplish long-stalled conservation plan on former army site, sparing crayfish and taxpayers alike. beavers have saved czech taxpayers $1.2m by flooding a protected former army training site where a long-stalled dam was planned. officials had hoped to build a barrier to shield the klabava river and its population of critically endangered crayfish from sediment and acidic water spilling over from two nearby ponds. (more)

space telescope spots rare 'einstein ring' of light around galaxy in our cosmic neighborhood 

								10 february 2025 - europe's euclid space telescope has detected a rare halo of bright light around a nearby galaxy, astronomers reported monday [10 february]. the halo, known as an einstein ring, encircles a galaxy 590 million light-years away, considered close by cosmic standards. a light-year is 5.8 trillion miles. astronomers have known about this galaxy for more than a century and so were surprised when euclid revealed the bright glowing ring, reported in the journal astronomy and astrophysics. (more)

euclid telescope captures einstein ring revealing warping of space 

								10 february 2025 - the euclid space telescope has captured a rare phenomenon called an einstein ring that reveals the extreme warping of space by a galaxy's gravity. the dazzling image shows a nearby galaxy, ngc 6505, surrounded by a perfect circle of light. ...'this is a beautiful, extraordinary, thrilling and lucky find in our first data,' said prof stephen serjeant, an astronomer at the open university. (more)

us: leave it to beavers to save farmland from drought in the face of climate change 

								9 february 2025 - the busy rodents were the key to restoring this rancher's land. cattle farmer jay wilde's idaho ranch had been threatened by devastating droughts for years. and he knew if his land ran out of water completely, it would be the end of the fourth-generation family operation. but one morning, wilde had an epiphany --  there were no longer any beavers on his land. (more)

czech republic: pricey dam project 7 years in the making finished by beavers for free 

								8 february 2025 - 'beavers always know best,' said an environmental official in the czech republic, where the animals commandeered construction. when a long-planned infrastructure project in the czech republic hit a snag, beavers took the reins. (more)

these eager beavers saved the czech government $1.2 million 

								7 february 2025 - officials in the brdy region of the czech republic were at an impasse. despite securing more than one million dollars' worth of funding for a new dam to address water issues, the project had stalled after seven years of planning because the necessary building permits for such a structure couldn't be acquired.  but then, everyone woke up one morning in january to find that the job had been completed -- by eight beavers. for free. (more)

humpback whale song and human language are more similar than you might think. here's why 

								6 february 2025 - humpback whale song is structured in a similar way to human language -- with shorter sounds used far more often than more complex ones -- a structure which helps infants quickly learn how to communicate from their elders in both species. (more)

humpback whale song shown to be structurally similar to human language 

								6 february 2025 - language has long been considered a uniquely human trait, with features that mark it out as distinct from the communication of all other species. however, research published in science has uncovered the same statistical structure that is a hallmark of human language in humpback whale song. (more)

scientists solve the mystery of sea turtles' 'lost years' 

								5 february 2025 - using satellite trackers, scientists have discovered the whereabouts of young sea turtles during a key part of their lives. for decades, scientists have wondered about what happens during the so-called lost years between when tiny hatchlings leave the beach and when they return to coastlines nearly grown -- a span of about one to 10 years. new research published tuesday [4 february] begins to fill in that gap. (more)

'solar mamas empower our people by giving them electricity': the women lighting up zanzibar 

								4 february 2025 - women with little to no formal education are being trained to become solar technicians, transforming villages. (more)

american bald eagles are having a moment, ecologically and culturally 

								3 february 2025 - along the long road from american icon to endangered species and back again, the bald eagle -- the national bird of the united states, often seen against a clear blue sky -- is having a moment. the eagles find themselves in an environmental updraft of sorts since the early 2000s, when the federal government took the thriving birds off its endangered species list with more states following suit. culturally, too, the animals are soaring. (more)

'it's incredible, the place just swarms with birdlife': inside england's biggest bird sanctuary 

								1 february 2025 - it covers more than 50 square kilometres of blanket bog, heath, meadows, and woodland and rises from a valley floor to the 640m summit of cold fell in the north pennines. this is rspb [royal society for the protection of birds] geltsdale, and it will now be the organization's largest english bird sanctuary when the society announces this week that it has bought land that expands the existing reserve by a third. (more)

thousands of trees planted in devon to start creation of celtic rainforest 

								1 february 2025 - the first step towards creating a celtic rainforest - a now extremely rare habitat that once covered large swathes of the west coast of britain - has been completed in devon. more than 2,500 native trees have been planted so far this winter at devon wildlife trust's bowden pillars site, above the dart valley ... in decades to come, these trees...will form a temperate rainforest, sometimes known as a celtic or atlantic rainforest. (more)

a new zealand mountain is granted personhood, recognizing it as sacred for maori 

								31 january 2025 - a mountain in new zealand considered an ancestor by indigenous people was recognized as a legal person on thursday [30 january] after a new law granted it all the rights and responsibilities of a human being. mount taranaki -- now known as taranaki maunga, its maori name -- is the latest natural feature to be granted personhood in new zealand, which has ruled that a river and a stretch of sacred land are people before. (more)

study finds india doubled its tiger population in a decade and credits conservation efforts 

								30 january 2025 - india doubled its tiger population in a little over a decade by protecting the big cats from poaching and habitat loss, ensuring they have enough prey, reducing human-wildlife conflict, and increasing communities' living standards near tiger areas, a study published thursday [30 january] found. (more)

millions around the world celebrate lunar new year and ring in the year of the snake 

								29 january 2025 - firecrackers popped, incense was offered at temples and dancers and drummers paraded wednesday [29 january] in asia and farther afield as millions around the world celebrated the lunar new year. from beijing to havana, the holiday -- known as the spring festival in china, tet in vietnam, and seollal in korea -- is a major festival celebrated in many countries. wednesday marked the start of the year of the snake, one of 12 animals in the chinese zodiac. (more)

move over peanuts, pistachio is the latest trend for hong kong new year treats 

								29 january 2025 - a hong kong culinary institution is acknowledging that changing times bring changing tastes and has found a hit in adding american pistachios to the range of flavors in its famed dumplings. ...demand is especially strong around the lunar new year, which fell on wednesday [29 jan]...pistachios are not a traditional ingredient in hong kong food, but they are known as 'hoi sum gwo' in cantonese, which translates literally as 'happy nut', because the split shell looks like a smile. (more)

lunar new year prayers and incense usher in the year of the snake 

								29 january 2025 - wisps and clouds of smoke rose into the air at buddhist and daoist temples around asia on wednesday [29 jan] as people lit incense to pray for good luck in the year of the snake. (more)










 




 send us good news




 send comments




 support ggn's continued success























 





world news | genetic engineering |  education | 
business | health news



search | global news |  agriculture and environmental news | 
business news  culture news |  education news | 
government news | health news   science and technology news | 
world peace | maharishi programmes 
press conferences | 
transcendental meditation |
celebration calendars | 
gifts
news by country | 
news in pictures | 
what's new | 
 modem/high speed | 
rss/xml



 copyright © 2025 global good news service 



 














