




aerospec, the southwests leading equipment manufacturer

























































































 

toll free 888-854-2376 




about
equipment
control panels
solutions
request for quote
careers
contact

search











high volume production equipmentmachine visionprecision test equipmentproof of concept developmentmechanism developmentconveyorized systemslean manufacturingul control panelsin-house precision machiningin-house welding and sheet metal fabricationproject managementmachine build and integrationexpansive state-of-the-art facilitypreviousnext12345678910111213


the southwest’s leading equipment manufacturer






capabilitieswe offer custom technology solutions in equipment automation and integration for leading manufacturing companies.

designing & development

aerospec can design and develop a multitude of different processes for products in nearly any industry. the customer is involved from start to finish and we support our work remotely or on-site.

engineering & management
utilizing a host of design tools including solidworks and autocad and management tools like project, azure devops and synergis adept, our agile project management philosophy delivers proven, on-time results.



machining &  fabrication
with 8,000 sq. ft of machining and fabrication area, our cnc shop features some of the latest technologies from haas along with manual mills and lathes. our state-of-the-art panel shop is fully modular and assembly line driven.


solutionsour extensive range of automation technology and project experience can help solve any manufacturing challenges, no matter how unique.

automation & integration
aerospec incorporates a wide variety of technologies to meet our customers’ requirements.  these include machine vision, robotics, laser processing, high precision, dispensing, inspection and metrology systems, plc and pc based control systems, advanced test systems, and material handling.

turn-key solutions
from small manually operated assembly cells to large automated assembly lines, aerospec offers a diverse collection of turn-key solutions that will provide excellent return-on-investment. our solutions are designed and manufactured in-house and with full documentation provided to allow for near-instant setup and production.

proven on-time solutions



we offer an array of services to revolutionize the way you do business.



from our 24 x 7 x 365 support service to our team of highly skilled engineers, we are certain that we can solve any of your company’s automation issues.

fast track delivery
aerospec is an established leader of fast-track delivery solutions for machined parts, production equipment, control panels, and onsite engineering support.
options include: design of experiment (doe), prototype equipment & tooling, 3d design and pilot lines, and many more.


explore solutions portfolio




 


© 2023-2024 aerospec inc. all rights reserved. 
home
equipment
control panels
solutions
request for quote
careers
contact
about




















scroll to top



