


the great sodus bay association: your four seasons getaway! - home




















home
members
dining
lodging
marinas
shops/museums
camping
fishing
contact





the great sodus bay2025
your four seasons getaway!




 



welcome to great sodus bay
soon it will be summertime. a perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are chirping and the great sodus bay is full of fun. the restaurants are brimming with party goers. the lake is full of boats and there is so much laughter on the beach. enjoy your summer!






please browse through our website and see where you can plan your next visit... there is fine dining, hot dogs & ice cream, or picnics on the 
beach. fishing, ice fishing, boating, ice boating or snowmobiling. stay at one of our immaculate bed & breakfasts, each with their own character 
and beautiful views, or rent a cottage on sodus bay or lake ontario.   so many choices.... so much fun!
about sodus bay
settled in 1794 (click on this link to see more),
great sodus bay is located about halfway between rochester and syracuse and is the largest bay on lake ontario.
it's a lovely area, often called "the crown jewel of lake ontario," and known for it's excellent fishing for lake, brown and rainbow trout,
salmon and steelhead, perch and walleye. other sports available in the area include boating, kayaking, swimming, picnicking, camping, hiking
and biking. there are wineries, farm markets and antique stores nearby, and the whole area is filled with marinas, cruises & fishing charters,
quaint shops and restaurants.

in early june of 2014,  kevin miller, associate producer from wcny-tv out of syracuse did an interview with people from sodus point about the 
great sodus bay area which aired on july 27th, 2014. 
click here to see the episode. which starts about the 20th minute into the episode.

(photos by cathy contant)


join us!click here for our membership form

 





members directory
outdoors
lighthouses
photogallery
contact




listings
membership form
other sites
location
home




lichti international, inc.
manfred and amy lichti
7170 sprongs bluff
sodus, new york 14551
(315) 553-2287
http://www.lichti.com



we welcome any business or citizen in the great sodus bay area to join us in spreading the news that "great sodus bay, is a four season get-away" for everyone.




			copyright © 2017 - 2025 www.lichti.com. all rights reserved.
		

 
