









jennmaur.com gallery
















 




 


  






 
sculpture and paintings 1880-1949

&

private client services
415 441 3977


email jeanne@jennmaur.com
 









jennmaur gallery statement
   we are recognized as a leading authority                  in the following categories, original                      antique bronze and marble sculpture and 
    paintings from 1880 to modernism, including:                       impressionist, expressionist , contemporary,  art deco,                  art nouveau,19th century, neoclassical, grand tour and vienna. for 39                      years in london and san francisco we have carried an extensive collection                      of american, european and eastern european bronze,                      art deco bronze and ivory sculpture, marble sculpture and nearly 1000 paintings and works                      on paper. our                      sculpture department specializes in late19th and early 20th century european and american sculpture                  and contemporary bronzes, including fountains                          and garden sculpture and a rare and large offering of early 20 th                  century sculpture from eastern europe. servicing a                    world-wide clientele. our website inventory (now relocated to a large warehouse) is constantly updated                    to show only items that are in-house and available for                    sale. we also have storefronts on the artnet &                     artprice websites where we have a selection of paintings and sculpture from our gallery on                     display. contact jeanne@jennmaur.com (415) 441- 3977 
jennmaur private sales and services   
      we offer clients a full service program totally tailored                  to your collecting needs that is separate from our                  sales gallery. jennmaur pvt will assist you in                  the search and with the procurement of sculpture,                  paintings and decorative arts.-and most importantly the authentication of said artworks from            any auction house, gallery or private collection. many                        buyers now prefer to buy from websites and may not physically visit galleries or major auctions this is all well and good if you are experienced enough                  to buy based simply on viewing images of an artwork. we offer instead an option to work with the jennmaur team who will scour the world market using their vast  experience in buying and researching art works throughout the world from dealers, auction houses and                  private collections. our team is also very conversant                  with international laws, customs and shipping issues -  we                have a clientele of art connoisseurs and savvy collectors on board and we are open to discuss opportunities with you for            hunting down and procuring original works for you.
   contact jeanne@jennmaur.com (415) 441- 3977  








 
 




 

subject index
art nouv/deco
erotic
19th century
vienna bronze
male
female
children
animalier
impressionist
expressionist
grandtour
personage
sporting
western
religious
stone
wood
ivory
art glass
ceramic
lifesize & garden 

   sculpture


 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 







 
 






subject index
abstracts
allegorical/hist
animals
children
expressionist
impressionist
landscapes
marine
moderne
nudes
orientalist
portraits
religious
seascapes
still-lifes
works-on-paper

paintings


 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 



 
 







