



 
		mt. zion baptist church woodlawn - home	


 



 



 



























  














 





 












 











about uswelcomedeaconstrusteeschurch historyour missionour pastorconnectcalendarsbirthdays & anniversariesinvite a friendannouncementsprayer requestcare requestmediasermonslive streamlive streamgalleryministrieschildrenyouthadultscommunity outreachservegivecontact us






 









 










 































welcome to mt. zion baptist woodlawn


we're glad you're here.




 













 








 






















 
join us for worship every sunday at 10:45am




sunday school at 9:00am








 










 








 











 








 





















 








 









our pastor










pastor graham strong desire is to lead the people of god to a greater knowledge of and deeper relationship with the lord by feeding them the word of god and shepherding their hearts. pastor graham understands his role is to better equip the saints to accomplish his work and purposes, and to share with the unsaved how to find real life and true freedom in christ. pastor graham hopes to continue the mission of reaching, preaching, and teaching to bring the saving knowledge of jesus christ to everyone. pastor graham is an experienced minister who has a strong passion for reaching the next gen (next generation). pastor graham believes that a church is successful when all generations are reached and represented. prior to pastoring, he served as an associate minister at several churches, a youth pastor, and a talent director at chick-fil-a. pastor graham earned his bachelor of arts degree from indiana university bloomington and a masters of divinity from wesley seminary of indiana wesleyan university. pastor graham is married to the former aleshia michelle aka lady a. they are the proud parents of christian mireya, alyssa michelle, christopher ray jr (cj), and caleb richard.








 










 








 








 








 








 








 




















 


















 













 













 

























 
















 








































 

































 














10180 woodlawn blvd.






cincinnati, oh 45215





513-772-6230










 



powered by bloqs

























 







