



the top specialists in hazmat packaging » hazmatpac




































home



toggle navigation






search




products


view all categories


4 liter aluminum kits


4g certified packaging metal drums


4g plastic and metal containers


4gv large volume and multi-pack


bottle in a can


bottle in a can coolers


drums and overpacks


exemption packaging


inner receptacles


intermediate bulk containers


no plug pure aluminum bottles


other shippers


paint can shippers


postalpac packaging system


shipping coolers


regulatory manuals




accessories


view all categories


vermiculite grade #3


chemical salvage and storage


open and closing tools


poly liner bags


reusable six gas cylinder


ring locks for friction lid paint cans


shipping labels and placards


spill clean-up supplies and kits


tape and tape guns


teflon liner caps




custom box 


regulatory/audit


hazmat codes


un hazmat marking system


hazard classes and u.n. markings


how to use the iata manual


industry publications


dot audit


faa audit




about


contact us


800-923-9123



about
contact us
800-923-9123

search










hazmat shipping iscomplicated and risky.






partner with the experts who have been doing hazardous material packaging for over 30 years and who utilize the world's most rigorous 3rd party testing on all hazmatpac shipping products.












the experts get it right, every time
where other packaging manufacturers sell hazmat containers alongside a multitude of other packaging options, hazmatpac only does hazmat shipping. and we’ve done it for over 30 years.














a lot of trust goes into hazmat shipping. you trust your supplier to deliver the right container for your product. you trust the labels are correct. you trust the packaging contains your product without spills or leaks that create a safety hazard for your employees. you trust that your containers and labels keep you compliant with all regulations.so why not trust the experts who have done the most to earn that trust? 








trust the experts to help you manage your hazmat shipping -  safely
shipping and storing hazardous materials is dangerous. it’s also highly regulated. don’t take the chance of getting it wrong.
our customer service reps are highly trained and knowledgeable in all relevant u.s. and international codes and regulations. they are here to guide you through the process of selecting the right type of certified container for your specific needs – keeping you compliant and your people safe. our products undergo the most rigorous 3rd party testing in the world, ensuring maximum safety, and therefore trust, for you and your team. when you’re ready to take the leap to working with the experts in hazmat shipping and storage, give us a call. call now: 800-923-9123






get your hazmat shipping done right, every time
contact hazmatpac for a quote today:




first name





last name





email address





phone number





request









you must enable javascript to submit this form














© 2025 hazmatpac, inc.7905 blankenship drive, houston, tx 77055800-923-9123for packaging other than hazardous materials packaging, visit our other company websites: steel container specialists: cleveland steel container corporation  |  standard shipping specialists: pipeline packaging  |  advanced technology specialists: u.s. coexcell privacy policy | terms & conditions




view our digital catalog


view











