



















plastic surgeon in san francisco, ca | aesthetic surgery center









































































(415) 956-3223
contactus@drmmacdonald.com


 our   san francisco, ca   office     rate us:        




































home
before & after
meet our doctor
laser

bbl photo rejuvenation
skin resurfacing
nano laser peel
skin tightening
skin discoloration and veins
hair removal
combination laser therapy


non-surgical

injectables

liquid face lift
midface and lips
brow and eye wrinkles
nose, chin and jaw
aging hands
leg veins
excessive sweating
tmj
chronic migraines
semaglutide weight loss injections


clinical spa facials
chemical peels
skin & beauty products
skin lesion removal
functional nasal surgery

runny nose
nasal valve collapse
turbinate reduction




surgical

before & after

nose
lips
brows
face
eyelids
lipo
ears
chin & neck
laser treatment
blog
faqs

skin faqs
injectables faqs
laser faqs
surgery faqs


news & articles

tv segments
snoring news clips
featured articles

beautirx: dr. michael macdonald shares his expertise on eyelid surgery
advances in cosmetic therapy: a focus on bont-a
san francisco examiner: helping patients locally for 14 years


cosmetics medical studies and papers

gortex lip & nasolabial implants
brow/forehead wrinkles


head & neck surgery and treatment topics

congential malformations
nasopharyngeal carcinoma
inverted sinonasal papillomas
caustis esophageal burns in children


advanced clinical training




rhinoplasty
eyelid surgery
necklift
facelift
brow lift
chin implants
ear refinement/otoplasty
liposuction for neck & body
before treatment

cosmetic surgery
laser procedures
injectable treatments


after treatment

laser procedures
functional nasal procedures
cosmetic injectable treatments
surgical procedures


﻿functional nasal surgery

sinus disease
blocked ears
septoplasty
runny nose
turbinate reduction
nasal valve collapse




our team
contact

new patients

getting started
payment and financing




 
 appointments 













please don’t hesitate to call us at (415) 956-3223.

 new patients 






please don’t hesitate to call us at (415) 956-3223.

 new patients 






please don’t hesitate to call us at (415) 956-3223.

 new patients 






call us: (415) 956-3223
get directions
request an appointment
  rate us:        
























 


welcome to aesthetic surgery center
dr. macdonald and the aesthetic surgery center welcome new patients from throughout the san francisco bay area, as well as nationally and internationally. with specialized expertise in primary and revision nasal surgery and in eyelid rejuvenation surgery, dr. macdonald frequently treats patients who travel from throughout the country and around the world to this downtown san francisco location, in the heart of union square. dr. macdonald speaks both english and french. his staff also speak: spanish and czech.
patient care philosophy
dr. macdonald specializes in treating men and women who wish to improve their appearance. he emphasizes an individually tailored approach in evaluating and treating his patients to produce the most natural looking results possible with minimal recovery time.
read more















 rhinoplasty 

rhinoplasty is one of the most popular cosmetic procedures in the u.s., creating balance and symmetry while improving overall facial aesthetics. dr. michael macdonald is a top-rated provider of rhinoplasty procedures in san francisco, ca, helping patients at the aesthetic surgery center look and feel more attractive and more confident.


											read more
										













 liposuction  

liposuction can be an ideal solution for men and women with stubborn fat that doesn’t respond to diet and exercise.


											read more
										













 semaglutide weight loss injections 

we are offering md supervised weight loss using multiple modalities including injectable semaglutide.
semaglutide is a medication that was initially developed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. however, studies have shown that it can also be effective in promoting weight loss in people with obesity or overweight.


											read more
										













 laser resurfacing 

at aesthetic surgery center, located san francisco, california, dr. michael r. macdonald offers unparalleled options and expertise in laser skin resurfacing. utilizing microlaserpeel®, profractional™, skintyte™, and photo rejuvenation bbl™ (broad band light) lasers.


											read more
										













 botox  

botox® injections can be an ideal solution for addressing lines and wrinkles around the eyes, brows, and forehead. dr. michael macdonald is a leading provider of botox® for patients at aesthetic surgery center in san francisco, ca, using state-of-the-art approaches and an in-depth understanding of facial anatomy to achieve superior results.


											read more
										












 rhinoplasty 





 liposuction  





 semaglutide weight loss injections 





 laser resurfacing 





 botox  








 what our patients say 



								i received nothing but excellent service.  dr macdonald is very personable, honest,  listens to what you want, makes suggestions, but is not pushy.   it was an enjoyable experience and i would recommend dr. macdonald to anyone interested in a freshen-up. 							
 julie m. 



								dr. macdonald is amazing and i highly recommend him. he's got great bedside manner and takes the time to answer all of your questions, understand your goals, and explain risks. six months after my procedure i'm incredibly happy with the results.
							
 gabriella m. 



								dr. mac donald, and his staff are absolutely wonderful. i always feel that i am getting the best care, and service when i visit the office, and with their follow up.
i have had several quality procedures, and  i would highly recommend dr. macdonald as a plastic surgeon.							
 monica a. 







 latest posts 




 the importance of post-operative care and recovery 
 surgery is an invasive treatment used as a last resort when other measures have failed to provide sufficient relief. recovery after an invasive surgery is vital in making the... 





 the fundamentals of permanent makeup 
 permanent or semi-permanent makeup, also called permanent or semi-permanent cosmetic tattooing, has become increasingly prevalent in the last few years, according to dr. charles s. zwerling, chairman of technician-training... 





 help! my hands look old 
 your face is the first thing people notice and the thing they remember most about you. that’s why so many people spend so much time, effort, and money perfecting... 






 












 location 

 500 sutter street, suite 430  san francisco, ca 94102  
 phone:  (415) 956-3223 

parking info: 
							easy parking at sutter stockton garage
			                444 stockton st,
			                san francisco, ca 94108



 office hours 

monday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
tuesday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
wednesday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
thursday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
friday 8:00 am – 5:00 pm
saturday closed
sunday closed





	        					© copyright 2025. aesthetic surgery center | sitemap | accessibility


website by doctor multimedia 




 




  call us   text us 







skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset









