


boat docking, storage, sales, rentals and training | ready about sailing


























































home | newsletter sign up | contact us | (716) 664-3883boats for saleslips & storagerentals & tripsasa sailing courses & lessonsmaking life better for chautauqua lake patrons and beyond!ready about sailing currently has boats available for sale from catalina yachts, zim sailing, rs sailing, & windward boatworks and carries a large inventory of canoes & kayaks from old town and ocean kayaks!contact us today!check out our boat selectionshot off the pressesbrand new!! 2024 inland 20 scow sold to joe ewing of indian lake oh!the inland 20 scow is a great choice! see us now for all your inland 20 needs!read the inland 20 announcementcontact ready about sailing to learn more!winter work & storageready about sailing offers inside & outside storage, shrink wrapping, winterization, and more! our full service mechanic shop is open year-round to accommodate your boating needs! winter services include: hullside & topside painting, wood/teak revival, gelcoat repair, structural repairs, and much more!  contact us for more information by clicking the button below, or give us a call! winter work & storage inquirysummer slipsdock slips for the 2024 season are now available at our main location in celoron. dock slips include the launching of the boat (crane or ramp), wi-fi, complimentary ice, electricity & water. inside storage includes haul-out (crane or ramp). call today to reserve your spot!secure a dock slip! sailboat rentalssailing is the best way to take in the beauty of chautauqua lake and its charm. using the wind as your only power, you cut through the water to enjoy the splendor of chautauqua.sailboats are offered for experienced sailors to rent. renters must provide ready about sailing with a brief overview of their sailing/sailboat knowledge before going out on the water. a basic skill assessment will be performed before your adventure! pricing:22' sea farer : 1/2 day (4 hours): $275full day : (8 hours): $425book your rental now! group sailing tripsyou may book a skippered group sail aboard the "trumpeter" - a 27′ pearson classic cruising sloop. half-day and full-day cruises are available with plenty of room for up to six adults. ice and refreshments will be provided. greg swan will be your host and skipper for your group outing aboard the trumpeter. bring your crew and learn a thing or two on your trip! pricing:1/2 day: 4 hours (including 1 guest) - $325 +$25 for each additional guest (up to 6 people)full day: 8 hours (including 1 guest) - $550 +$25 for each additional guest (up to 6 people)inquire now! kayak rentalskayak rentals are available beginning in may, running through the end of september. enjoy a paddle down the outlet of chautauqua lake, view the wildlife from their level. this is a great experience for the whole family! tandem kayaks and canoes are always available. to schedule, click the link below or give us a call!pricing:single kayak - hourly: $25.00 add'l hour: $10.00 full day: $95.00tandem kayak - hourly: $32.50 add'l hour: $15.00 full day: $120.00canoe - hourly: $32.50 add'l hour: $15.00 full day: $120.00book your rental now! you will be re-directed to peek proamerican sailing association courses & basic sailing lessonsasa school sailing lessonsready about sailing on chautauqua lake is an accredited american sailing association sailing school. greg swan is our certified american sailing association instructor. courses are offered beginning in june through september!thanks to ready about sailing, you can learn the basics of sailing or prepare for bare-boat cruiser chartering with a certified course from asa right here on chautauqua lake.basic keelboat sailing (asa 101) -this course offers skippers a sloop-rigged keelboat of approximately 20 to 27 feet in length by day in light to moderate winds (up to 15 knots). knowledge of basic sailing terminology, parts and functions, helm commands, basic sail trim, points of sail, buoyage, seamanship and safety including basic navigation rules to avoid collisions and hazards. this is a 2 day course.pricing: $595basic coastal cruising (asa 103) - this course provides the ability to skipper a sloop-rigged auxiliary powered (inboard or outboard engine) keelboat of approximately 25 to 35 feet length by day in moderate winds (up to 20 knots) and sea conditions. knowledge of cruising sailboat terminology, basic boat systems, auxiliary engine operation, docking procedures, intermediate sail trim, navigation rules, basic coastal navigation, anchoring, weather interpretation, safety and seamanship. this is a 2 day course.pricing: $595bareboat cruising (asa 104) - this course provides the ability to skipper a sloop-rigged, auxiliary powered keelboat of approximately 30 to 45 feet in length during a multi-day cruise upon inland or coastal waters in moderate to heavy winds (up to 30 knots) and sea conditions. knowledge of provisioning, galley operations, boat systems, auxiliary engine operation, routine maintenance procedures, advanced sail trim, coastal navigation including basic chart plotting and gps operation, multiple-anchor mooring, docking, health & safety, emergency operations, weather interpretation, and dinghy/tender operation. this course must be performed on lake erie, and is up to 4 days long.pricing: $1075basic sailing lessons - this allows greenhorn sailors to learn more about basic sailing. this course does not yield any certification, just knowledge and hands on training. basic sailing lessons are only offered in 3 hour increments. up to 2 guests per basic sailing lesson. pricing: $290 - includes 1 sailor, add an additional sailor for $25 send us your sailing course inquiries here! ready about sailingpo box 55532 venice avenueceloron, new york 14720phone: (716) 664-38832022 © copyright - ready about sailing - website design by jamestown internet marketing

