







footfire soccer camp












































































































camp program


              welcome
            

            about
          



school year






back


            program 5-13 y/o
          

            coaches in training
          



back


            art classes
          

            studio rental
          



















































camp program

program 5-13 y/o
coaches in training

welcomeabout












school year

art classes
studio rental











scroll








east bay, californiasummer + soccer + friends + food = footfirewe follow this formula each camp season to create soccer magic. footfire is more than a soccer camp, footfire is a unique summer experience organized around great soccer training with expert coaches. play soccer, love soccer, live soccer at footfire.

 


    camper enrollment
  




    cit enrollment
  











footfire:the local soccer camp that puts fun firstour unique skill-building exercises and games emphasize play over competition, conditioning as a path to minimizing injury, and in-play interaction as an opportunity for gaining social skills. using soccer as the common language, footfire aims to build a positive soccer culture through healthy training in its fullest sense.

 




 







 

footfire:the family picnic where everyone loves soccer!



for 29 years a remarkable community of soccer campers, counselors-in-training and staff have created the footfire soccer camp experience. like a sleepaway camp, many of our footfire campers create friendships rekindled each year. footfire traditions are in place: campers collect the annual t-shirt, exchange the footfire friendship bracelet and anticipate water-play afternoons (when the counselors are fair game). the only difference: footfire campers sleep well at home each night, returning in the morning to footfire refreshed, inspired and ready to get on the field!

 













soccer is for girls and boys















coaches in training get discounted camp and work experience















we catch our breath with arts & crafts















kids come for the soccer and love the food















play, eat, sleep, repeat!

 


    view schedule
  






 







 

families love footfirepleasing siblings just got easier

 

"this is k. and d.'s father. they were the eight-year-old boy and seven-year-old girl in your camp last week and week number two. i just wanted to thank you for a wonderful experience. your camp is unequivocally the most fun camp that either of them have ever been to. my daughter in particular has had a very difficult time getting into physical activity and two weeks of footfire turned her into a fanatical footballer!"

 


    camper program
  




    coaches in training program
  




    faqs
  

 




 

sign up for summer 2025




    camper enrollment form
  




    cit enrollment form
  











feature



about



divider



family picnic styloe



divider



siblings love footfire



divider










you miss 100% of the shots you don’t take.





playing life academy
1645 fourth street ,
berkeley, ca 94710,
united states
5105282133
playinglifeacademy@gmail.com


hours
mon 9:00-5:00
tue 9:00-5:00
wed 9:00-5:00
thu 9:00-5:00
fri 9:00-5:00
sat closed
sun closed




messaging terms & conditionsinstagramfacebookkeep in touch




powered by passes and popsicles








