








home page - thunder bay resort









































homecabinsamenitiesphotosarea linkscontact




 



welcome to the northwoodsour resort is located on beautiful lac vieux desert lake... just north of eagle river, wisconsinview our cabinsmake your stay memorableno matter the season, thunder bay resort offers a place for your family to make memoriesour cabinsbest fishing in northern wisconsinlac vieux desert lake is renowned for its record musky fishing. check out some pictures from previous guestsphoto gallerythunder bay resortyour northern wisconsin vacation destinationlac vieux desert, known for its record musky, is nestled in wisconsin's northwoods and the nicolet national forest.
our northern wisconsin resort gives our guests access to outdoor activities galore throughout the year. we offer lodging and accommodations to suit all your needs.
for those of you who enjoy winter vacations, we have immediate access to local snowmobile trails which run literally for hundreds of miles.  we also rent snowmobiles on the premises, not only to our guests, but also to the public.  we have local access to cross country ski trails and for those of you who enjoy ice fishing the lake is just a short walk from your cabin.for those of you interested in a summer vacation, lac vieux desert offers great fishing. we have 150 feet of level sandy beach for children and you children at heart, pontoon boat rental, canoe on the beach free of charge and a 25ft. water trampoline.
for those looking for an off season get away, the spring and fall seasons also offer a great chance to fish, see the fall colors, go hunting or just get some rest and relaxation.
for more information on our resort or availability of cabins, please do not hesitate to contact us. we look forward to hearing from you!!some comments from our guestsjim and rochelle,it was great meeting you guys last sat afternoon and evening(rochelle). what a great place! glad we followed the barrels. we will spread the word down here in the northern il area about your hospitality and facility. hope to see you guys before the season ends.all the best!tom and ozjim and rochelle,sheila and i wanted to thank you again for a great weekend and express our gratitude for the kindness and generosity you showed to us this past weekend. we enjoyed our stay and will recommend you to all of our friends. it was really nice to stay at a top notch resort. your efforts at bringing back the “good old time vacation” at a friendly place have really paid off from the restorations of the cabins to the clean and comfortable feel of the resort. and of course the personal attention you showed us. thanks again!john and sheilahello rochelle & jim:it may have been a long drive from longs, sc , but after spending some time @ thunder-bay resort myrna & i did not regret our decision to see the “north” woods using thunder-bay as our base camp. the sheer beauty of northern wisconsin in the fall is hard to describe. nature paints a colored picture in the woods that is simply breathtaking.your cabins are great, your hospitality warm, the food and drinks divine. one could enjoy oneself doing nothing but sightseeing. however, one must take the time to enjoy the wildlife, from the wolves howling at the moon, to the moose and bear in the woods. or, if one likes, fishing on the award winning lac vieux desert, possibly the muskie capital of the.(and we thought deep sea fishing was fun!)we came back to the grand strand, rested, relaxed and looking forward to our next trip to thunder-bay resort.rochelle & jim, a couple that care about their guests. thank you again for your warm hospitality and one of the best (relaxing) vacations we have ever taken.myrna & duanehi jim and rochelle , we just wanted to thank you for the great week we had. both of you were awesome hosts and we really enjoyed ourselves. see you next year!!shirley and stevejim & rochelle:i just wanted to zip you an email and say thanx for the great time at your resort… you run a top notch place to stay and as you can tell paul and i had a great time!! thanx for the map of lac vieux desert too, i was intending to pay for it and your knowledge… it won’t be forgotten!! also thanx for the pizza in the bar friday night jim!! along with the great drinks you made the pizza had also hit the spot…. i wish you a wonderful fall and winter seasons!!christopherdear jim and rochelle:thanks again for accommodating our short stay during the peak weeks. this year was just incredible – the fishing, wildlife and weather variation that my young sons were able to enjoy, they cant stop talking about it.just a great operation/place period.great times – and thanks againpage and sonsjust wanted to drop you a note thanking you for a great week of rest and fun. the girls and i had probably the most fun we have ever had on a weeks stay at your resort.jerry, emily, & shelbyrochelle & jim,i just wanted to let you know that keith and i had a great time last week at thunder bay. you both are wonderful hosts and we met some really nice people. your help with keith and his boat was so appreciated. although it was disappointing that he didn’t get to fish more, we still found things to do and just relaxed and enjoyed the week. thunder bay is the type of resort we have been looking for for a long time. we’re so glad we found you and look forward to our return next year.
have a great summer!margaret & keithhi jim & rochelle,i just wanted to take a moment to thank you again for the great time we had a few weeks back. the weather was lousy but we had a great time regardless. jim, thank you for lending me the rain gear. that came in very handy the day i went out fishing. i appreciate you going the extra mile any time you could whether it was calling our pizza order, getting rain gear, or whatever. you are both great hosts and it is a pleasure to spend time at your resort.god bless you both.jerryhi jim & rochelle,i wanted to drop you a note to let you know that everyone enjoyed staying at your place. you do a great job making everyone feel welcome. so much so that i talked it over with everyone and we agreed that we would like to come back next year and stay for a week at your resort again. could you let me know if you have the week starting june 12th available.thanks again for your hospitalityjima word from the ownershappy new year! we’re so excited to welcome you to thunder bay resort, where northern wisconsin’s natural beauty and endless adventure are waiting for you. whether you’re here to hit the snowy trails, soak up the sunshine by the lake, or take in the amazing fall colors, this is the perfect place to relax and recharge. let’s make 2025 full of great memories – we can’t wait to have you here!
katy (updated 1/8/25).




homecabinsamenitiesphotosarea linkscontact© copyright thunder bay resort | 
all rights reserved | privacy policy | developed by interpace

homecabinsamenitiesphotosarea linkscontact
 
 























