







home - st. mary antiochian orthodox church































































st. mary antiochian orthodox churchpawtucket, rhode islandabout

our mission & vision
about orthodoxy
clergy
st. mary history
contact
church calendar
directions


ministries

stewardship
outreach ministry
sunday school
teen soyo


bulletin
resources

lenten recipes
parish center
pledge program
facility use fees
pictures & video


contact
donate
249 high street | pawtucket, ri 02860

	glory to jesus christ!
all are welcome.

about our church
we welcome our visitors and guests.
located in pawtucket, rhode island, st. mary antiochian orthodox church is a parish of the antiochian orthodox archiocese of new england. we welcome all visitors. our services are in english and arabic. come and stay after our sunday services for coffee hour. our parish is committed to the spiritual growth and participation of its parishioners in the life of the church.


how to get here
located in the heart of historic pawtucket, we have plenty of available parking. directions
schedule of services
view the calendar to see all of our upcoming events and schedule of services. schedule
bulletin
prayer requests, articles, and downloads of our weekly
bulletins can be found here. bulletin
our ministries
we have a growing list of
ministries, programs and
committees. ministries
come worship with us
sundays @ 10am
orthros begins at 9 am and we would love for you to join us. the divine liturgy begins at 10am, immediately after orthros. sunday school will follow communion for all children and teens up to 17 years old. an arabic liturgy service is held on the 1st saturday of each month at 6 pm.
news & events

 let us attend
sunday school
st. mary offers weekly sunday school lessons for pre k - 12. all children are encouraged to attend and learn about orthodoxy in an engaging, fun, and welcoming environment. learn more
living the orthodox faith
teen soyo
teen soyo seeks to integrate each young person fully into the total life of the church. at st. mary’s antiochian orthodox church, we aim to bring our teens to a deeper devotion to the holy orthodox church, its faith, canons and worship. learn more
celebrate with us
the annual holiday bazaar
st. mary’s annual holiday bazaar is fast approaching. click below to find all the most up-to-date information regarding the highly anticipated event, including schedule and activities, menu, coupons, ways to get involved and more! learn more
home
about
ministries
resources
contact
copyright © 2025 · st. mary antiochian orthodox church pawtucket, ri · all rights reservedcopyright © 2025 · st mary antiochian orthodox church on genesis framework · wordpress · log in 







 

about▼our mission & visionabout orthodoxyclergyst. mary historycontactchurch calendardirectionsministries▼stewardshipoutreach ministrysunday schoolteen soyobulletinresources▼lenten recipesparish centerpledge programfacility use feespictures & videocontactdonate 






















