






chopzone / atomiczombie diy plans for recumbent bikes, trikes, choppers and electric vehicles'













easy to follow diy plans
no experience required

our diy plans detail every aspect of the building process with many high resolution pictures and step by step instructions. even if this is your first attempt at building something yourself, you will be able to succeed with our plans, as no previous expertise is assumed.


get access now




diy forum
about us













get access to 40 diy plans for only $30!



that's over 5000 pages of diy bikes, trikes, and choppers you can view online or download for printing.





show all
bikes
trikes
choppers
yard & farm
electric
cargo bikes















178 pages






warrior racing trike



a fast and agile diy tadpole trike with under seat steering, dual disc brakes, and a low slung recumbent seat.











125 pages






streetfox tadpole trike



with rear suspension and direct steering, this diy tadpole trike is a comfortable and speedy ride.











174 pages






streetfighter quadcycle



this human powered racecar is fast and low to the ground. features dual disc brakes and over seat steering.









downloadable pdf files included


save plans to your own device for later viewing or printing











198 pages






aurora suspension trike



this delta trike plan includes rear suspension, dual disc brakes, and responsive under seat steering.











114 pages






portapen poultry tractor



one person can move this 200 square foot poultry tractor around the yard easily. landing wheel design.











270 pages






yardmule electric tractor



a powerful diy electric trike that can tow and move massive loads. includes a 32 cubic foot dumping box.









minimal skills and tools required


many of our community members are first time builders











125 pages






modular rebar greenhouse



a robust and easy to make modular section greenhouse designed for any climate zone.











185 pages






viking tandem trike



a diy tandem tadpole trike that features independent transmission, dual disc brakes, and under seat steering.











220 pages






timberwolf recumbent trike



build this comfortable and speedy suspension cargo delta trike using minimal tools and parts.









on the web since 1999


our diy community is now over 25 years old!











116 pages






marauder lowracer



this ultra low recumbent lowracer is built for speed. rear suspension offers a smooth ride on city streets.











184 pages






sociable tandem trike



ride side by side with your partner on this sociable tandem trike. includes an independent dual transmission.











100 pages






tomahawk lowracer



a super fast and agile recumbent lowracer that you can build from our easy to follow diy plans.









mix and match for unique designs


many builders mix one or more projects into something new











150 pages






loderunner utility trike



this diy delta cargo trike is perfect for picking up groceries, yet comfortable enough for that long country ride.











172 pages






deltawolf racing trike



this lean mean and low diy delta trike lets you corner at full speed. cheat the wind on your own recumbent trike.











115 pages






vigilante stealth chopper



this theme chopper features square edges for a stealth bomber style frame. the rear wheel is a car wheel.









nothing beats a diy ride!


you custom will look and perform exactly the way you want











87 pages






cyclebully electric trailer



this diy electric pusher trailer will get you up to the speed limit on clean electric power. includes suspension.











130 pages






gladiator chopper trike



learn how to transform car wheels into chopper bicycle wheels, and create this one of a kind diy chopper trike.











124 pages






spirit short wheelbase



east to build, and fun to ride. this short wheelbase recumbent bike is great for city riding and commuting.









you won't need expensive tools


most of these projects were done outside with a small welder











108 pages






overkill chopper



build this crazy extreme car wheel chopper and rule the streets! you only need basic tools and skills to make.











120 pages






frontrunner fwd bike



this unique front wheel drive recumbent bike is fun to ride, and easy to build from our diy plans.











100 pages






dutchman cargo bike



this front loading recumbent cargo bike offers rear suspension and a versatile configurable cargo bay.









join our great diy community


our friendly diy forum is over 5000 members strong











80 pages






speedster electric scooter



an easy to build diy electric scooter that can get you across town in a hurry. modify it for your needs.











100 pages






voyageur lwb recumbent



build this simple mono boom recumbent bike in a few days. suspension and under seat steering.











100 pages






tricruiser winter trike



this two headed recumbent trike is part mountain bike and part tadpole trike. perfect for winter riding.









recycle bike parts you have


our diy bike and trike plans make it easy to recycle parts











122 pages






deltarunner comfort trike



this recumbent delta trike is a great long distance commuter. front suspension offers a smooth ride.











200 pages






loderunner family trike



this delta trike is a tandem with cargo space. dual disc brakes, independent transmission, and over seat steering.











128 pages






transporter cargo bike



transport massive loads on this robust diy cargo bike that you can build from our instant download plans.









easy to follow step by step plans


these are not technical drawings, so no experience required











68 pages






highroller recumbent bike



a light and agile recumbent roadbike that you can build in a few days from our easy to follow diy plan.











73 pages






estyle electric bmx



convert an old bmx bike into a fast and fun electric scooter and dirtbike. keep up to city traffic or ride off the road.











86 pages






longranger electric bike



build your own custom electric bike capable of long distance commuting on a single battery charge.









download plans in pdf format


save plans to your device for later viewing or printing











130 pages






sparky electric minibike



build a diy electric minibike that will fit in your trunk. with a 1.5kw motor, this little minibike has plenty of power.











96 pages






wildkat recumbent bike



a comfortable and smooth riding diy recumbent bike with under seat steering. build on a budget.











60 pages






spincycle stunt trike



this wild ride can perform multiple 360 spins and non-stop drifting. build this crazy stunt trike in one weekend.









check out our basic tutorials


our builder's forum has many tutorials to get you started











78 pages






tourmaster recumbent bike



build this easy riding long wheelbase recumbent bike on a budget using recycled bike parts and basic tools.











110 pages






meridian recumbent bike



relaxing and comfortable, this diy recumbent bike is perfect for city commutes or long country rides.











118 pages






kids bikes and trikes



get your young inventors into the garage and build one or more of the many fun projects in this plan.









anyone can build these projects


all of the skills and tools required are easy to learn











140 pages






unicycles short and tall



test your skills on these fun to build diy unicycles. start on the shorty, and then build one as tall as you want.











96 pages






ucan2 bmx handcycle



this durable bmx trike is hand powered by a unique transmission that also includes a back pedal brake.











98 pages






tradewinds recumbent tandem



this compact recumbent tandem bike includes a short and long wheelbase with under seat steering.









learn to design and create


bike building is a great hobby that anyone can learn











86 pages






bandito short wheelbase



an easy to build responsive and speedy short wheelbase recumbent with over seat steering.

















easy to follow diy plans
no experience required

unleash your creativity, and turn your drawing board ideas into reality. you don't need a fancy garage full of tools or an unlimited budget to build any of the projects shown above, you just need the desire to do it yourself. take pride in your home built projects, and create something completely unique from nothing more than recycled parts.


get access now








up


