  hotel elysee by library hotel collection - new york city - official site             library hotel hotel giraffe hotel elysee casablanca hotel aria hotel budapest hotel x toronto library hotel collection    library hotel - between madison avenue & 41st street visit hotel      hotel giraffe - between east 26th & park avenue visit hotel      hotel elysee - 54th between park & madison avenue visit hotel      casablanca hotel - times square w 43rd & east of broadway visit hotel      aria hotel budapest- just steps to st. stephen's basilica visit hotel      hotel x toronto at exhibition place visit hotel     unique luxury hotels with a novel approach to hospitality. visit website    win a 3 night getaway sign up now   212-753-1066    menu      book your stay       home rooms & rates overview deluxe queen room deluxe accessible room deluxe king room deluxe double room junior suite king suite grand king suite premier suites special offers packages and promotion customize your stay sign up for exclusive deals gallery our wealth of amenities weddings and honeymoons meet. dine. lounge. clubroom & lounges dining at hotel elysée location map parking and transportation  212-753-1066 60 east 54th street new york, ny 10022 info@elyseehotel.com      menu     book your stay overview deluxe queen room deluxe accessible room deluxe king room deluxe double room junior suite king suite grand king suite premier suites map parking and transportation clubroom & lounges dining at hotel elysée blog - tips for travelers frequently asked questions                      link to map discover the advantages of country inn style in midtown manhattan's most enviable neighborhood discover the advantages of country inn style right in midtown manhattan     link to rooms
welcome to the hotel elysée by library hotel collection. explore our individually appointed rooms.
explore our selection of luxurious rooms and suites explore hotel elysée's selection of luxurious rooms and suites     link to amenities
enjoy snacks & refreshments, wifi and more, all included in your resort fee package.
discover the signature style of hospitality of the library hotel collection snacks & refreshments, wifi and more included with your $25 resort fee     link to offers generous service and genuine hospitality, unpretentious with a casual flair! explore our exclusive seasonal and year-round packages explore our seasonal and year round special offers     link to presidential suites
let hotel elysée be your pied-à-terre with spacious suites of up to 950 sq. ft.
indulge in the timeless elegance of one of our three majestic premier suites indulge in the timeless elegance of one of our three majestic premier suites     link to  eclub
discover exclusive member only savings
enter now to win a 3-night getaway! enter now for exclusive offers and a chance to win a free getaway     link to best rate
best rates mean nothing without extraordinary service and value
book with confidence!  you have our promise with library hotel collection's best rate guarantee extraordinary service and value backed by our best rate guarantee       a wealth of amenities...included in the daily resort fee of $25.00 per day a wealth of amenities to help you feel more at home:morning refreshments available daily in in our club roomsnacks & refreshments available all day in our club roomhigh-speed wireless internetin-room bottled waterfaxes and package serviceturndown servicelocal & toll-free callspasses to tmpl health clublibrary with books, newspapers, computer & printerreview all services     the world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a pagest. augustine  all are welcome!hotel elysee welcomes guests of all abilities. our building entrance, registration desk, elevator, rooms and suites are ada compliant in accordance with the construction statutes of the ada (department of justice ada title iii regulation 28 cfr part 36, 1991). for more information about accessible and non-accessible features, please see our accessibility statement.    take me to moma!for a limited you can reserve your suite and enjoy the museum of modern art on us! book with the confidence! a 24 hour flexible cancellation period applies.a 2-night minimum stay in a suite is required for this package book now black friday / cyber monday specialit's our biggest sale of the year! black friday / cyber monday at the hotel elysee offers 30% off of our best flexible rates with the flexibility of a 7-day cancel policy available for stay dates between january 1 - march 31! there are no blackout dates! book today because this is a limited time offer! book now travel with easeensure peace of mind when planning your next trip to new york city!enjoy:• 15% off our best flexible rate• change or cancel up to 24 hours prior to arrival• no advance payment required book with confidence   view photos book direct for our best rate guarantee book now  why you'll love the hotel elyséeincluded in our resort fee of just $25.00 per night:morning refreshments available daily in our club roomdaily snacks & refreshments in our club roombottled water upon arrivalturndown service available on request; based on availabilitylocal & toll-free callspasses to tmpl health clubfax & packaging servicelibrary with books, newspapers, computer & printer book nowenter to win a library hotel collection getawayjoin the library hotel collection e-club and you will be automatically entered in the #booklhc sweepstakes. plus, you’ll get exclusive special offers and travel tips. enter to win     60 east 54th street new york, ny 10022 tel: 212-753-1066 info@elyseehotel.com                      hotel elysée by library hotel collection terms of use accessibility privacy policy  library hotel collection: a novel approach to hospitalitynew yorklibrary hotel by lhchotel elysee by lhchotel giraffe by lhccasablanca hotel by lhceuropearia hotel budapest by lhcharmony spa budapesthigh note skybarliszt restaurantcanadahotel x toronto by lhc10xto athletic clubguerlain spa at hotel x torontofalcon skybarconnect with us!best rate guaranteecareers at lhcmedia & press centercontact us call usbook now       library hotelhotel giraffehotel elyseecasablanca hotelaria hotel budapesthotel x torontolibrary hotel collection home rooms & rates overview deluxe queen room deluxe accessible room deluxe king room deluxe double room junior suite king suite grand king suite premier suites special offers packages and promotion customize your stay sign up for exclusive deals gallery our wealth of amenities weddings and honeymoons meet. dine. lounge. clubroom & lounges dining at hotel elysée location map parking and transportation  win 3 night get away 212-753-1066  60 east 54th street new york, ny 10022  email us en legal noticecall usbook now 
                          requesting your consent to use cookies on this site in order to better service you | learn more ok not right now