







izumi foundation








































































































              about
            

              partners
            

              approach
            

              faq
            



            contact
          


















































aboutpartnersapproachfaq











contact









scroll






   compassion. hope. health.

 







 

our missionizumi foundation alleviates suffering through the development and support of programs that improve health and healthcare in neglected regions of africa and latin america.

 









about usizumi foundation is one of several foundations around the world created and supported by the japanese buddhist order shinnyo-en. created in 1998, izumi foundation expresses shinnyo-en’s values of compassion, concern for others, and altruism.to date, the foundation has supported over 300 initiatives across 32 countries in sub-saharan africa, latin america, and the caribbean.




    learn more
  








partner stories






partner stories

























the carter center






it’s challenging enough to be the new kid in school. it’s even harder when something scary happens and you don’t know why. ten-year-old gideon abraham and his brother odenaka, 12, and sister blessing, 7, had come to live with their grandmother in amagunze, enugu state, nigeria, in the middle of the school year.  
read more →


























mali health






“mali health is not like other ngos. when others come, they have their programs; they want their results, and when they depart, everything stops. but with mali health, we are consulted and instead of funding, they offer skills that help you evolve your services. 
read more →


























lwala community alliance






community is at the heart of every action taken by lwala community alliance. whether it involves organizing community committees to launch their own health initiatives, training them to deliver high quality care to their neighbors
read more →


























health equity international






st. boniface hospital’s maternal and neonatal health (mnh) center officially opened in spring 2015. moving from a single delivery room to the bright, airy, 14,000 square foot mnh center was a welcome and much-needed transition for sbhf’s ob/gyn staff.
read more →


























gardens for health international






urayeneza leonile is a proud mother of four: two older boys and a pair of twins- one boy, one girl. when they were quite young, urayeneza started to worry about her twins.
read more →














    learn about our partners
  








compassion. hope. health.



mission



video



partner stories












one financial center,
boston, ma, 02110,
united states
info@izumi.org


hours




homeaboutpartnersapproachfaqcontact




©izumi foundation 2025








