








comprehensive science-based career assessment | wowi





















sign in


assessment


historyover 60 years
measuresdescriptions of scales
researchbased on solid science
comparison chartwowi vs alternatives


communities


administration


instructionstaking the assessment
accessibilityinclusive experience
timeapproximate time


workshops
order
contact



sign in




x
wowi

user id

password









wowi career assessment
people are multidimensional. your assessment should be too.
wowi is a scientifically-developed, objective assessment that incorporates 3 dimensions to uncover the optimal career matches!


 



empowering people
we are using wowi a lot in our job search workshops. customers love it!
—darlene hunter, employment & training supervisor, monterey county department of social services
read more ›








you are unique
you need a career assessment that measures more than one aspect of who you are. wowi does just that.

17 career interest areas ›
6 aptitude/achievement measures ›
12 work styles ›

wowi  measures 35 different factors to create actionable career matches.




50 years leading the way
the first empirically-based, fully-integrated, multidimensional career assessment.
history ›


see how wowi compares

integrates career interests, work styles, and aptitudes/achievements into one assessment, saving time and money
links to o*net online, my next move, and careeronestop career videos for easy career exploration
available in multiple reading levels for a personalized experience
compare ›



communities
wowi helps the people who help people










rehabilitation services | wioa programs | indian and native american programs | high schools | adult education | apprenticeship programs | colleges and universities | military and veterans services | goodwill industries | services for the blind and visually impaired



making communities stronger
in local communities, wowi can benefit job seekers, laid off workers, youth, incumbent workers, new entrants to the workforce, veterans, persons with disabilities, and employers. wowi helps promote an increase in the employment, job retention, earnings, and occupational skills improvement by program participants. this, in turn, improves the quality of the workforce and improves the productivity and competitiveness of the nation.
career decision-making | career exploration | education and training | job placement | personnel selection


accessible



screen readers

the wowi assessment is compatible with screen readers.


responsive

take the wowi assessment on any device.






company
contact us

order
order now!


assessment
history
research
measures
comparison


communities
rehabilitation
workforce
education
military
business


administration
online instructions
approximate time
accessibility


workshops
calendar
crc ceus
ratings
sponsors
leaders


© 1970- world of work, inc. all rights reserved.
privacy notice  |    terms of use  |   accessibility statement


