



raleigh historic development commission | identify, preserve, protect and promote raleigh's historic resources















































home
about rhdc
certificates of appropriateness
preservation services
historic resources
incentives
 












our mission

the mission of the raleigh historic development commission is to identify, preserve, protect, and promote raleigh’s historic resources.




quick links

certificate of appropriateness (coa)
 
meeting dates and deadlines
 
contact us














raleigh historic development commission



website information
content from rhdc.org is systematically being migrated to raleighnc.gov.  if you find broken links or cannot find information please email historicpreservation@raleighnc.gov.
 
meeting information
upcoming meeting times, locations, and agendas can be found on these city of raleigh websites

raleighnc.gov/planning-and-development/raleigh-historic-development-commission
raleighnc.gov/events
raleighnc.gov/agendas


african american heritage architectural survey
the city of raleigh and rhdc have been awarded a 2021 federal historic preservation fund grant for certified local governments to update the architectural survey.  the project will complete an architectural survey update of historic buildings, sites, and neighborhoods important to african american history and heritage. a similar project was undertaken in 1988. this project will identify and document properties that have not been surveyed previously.  special emphasis will be placed on documenting churches and entertainment venues constructed between 1945 and 1975, properties associated with the civil rights movement, and properties designed/constructed by african american architects and building professionals.  the biltmore hills neighborhood also will be documented during this project.  visit the project page to learn more. check out the 2017 update to raleigh's architectural survey. 
lgbtqia+ historic context study
the city of raleigh and rhdc are preparing a historic context report to identify places important to lgbtqia+ history and culture in raleigh.  visit the project page to learn more.
coa submittal process
all applications for a certificate of appropriateness (major and minor work) must be submitted through the city of raleigh's permit and development portal. applications will no longer be accepted by mail or in-person. historic preservation staff is available to help applicants. questions may be emailed to staff at historicpreservation@raleighnc.gov. 
oakwood historic overlay district report update
a near final draft was presented to the commission at the october 19, 2021 meeting.  after finding errors, the report was sent back to the research committee for addtional editing. more information on the project is here.









follow us




 
 




myraleigh subscriptions









raleigh historic development commission © all rights reserved.  privacy policy  | user sign in




