






sandy shore motel – westerly ri misquamicut beach hotel motel ocean views







































book online 

home
accommodations

gift cards
guest book


local attractions
gallery
our locations

by the shore convenience store
gino’s pizza of mystic
gino’s by the beach


 












sandy shore motel & misquamicut ocean bar reserve today! 



family fun beach resort reserve today! 



panoramic oceanfront views reserve today! 
















experience relaxing pleasure
we offer the finest accommodations in misquamicut – directly next door to misquamicut state beach, and many fun activities nearby. all of our rooms have panoramic ocean views where both sunrises and sunsets are simply breathtaking.
we’re just minutes from foxwoods casino, mystic seaport, and mystic aquarium. sandy shore also features the misquamicut ocean bar, our beach side cocktail lounge!
nestled on rhode island’s east to west coastline, when you stay at sandy shore, you will have the unique experience of seeing the sun rise and set over the ocean!
all suite and apartment rentals include free self parking & free wifi in public areas and rooms!




ri oceanfront beach resort

sandy shore motel of westerly, ri is minutes from many area attractions including misquamicut state beach which is located right next door. watch hill lighthouse, mystic aquarium and block island are all within a short car ride as well.
our gallery




panoramic ocean views

sandy shore motel room all have panoramic views from the ocean and our misquamicut ocean bar is the ultimate beach side cocktail lounge. oceanfront fires at night makes the day complete.
accommodations




family friendly ri beach fun

sandy shore motel of westerly, ri has been a go-to vacation spot for decades. unwinding and relaxing on our exclusive beach just steps from your room with breathtaking ocean views of block island in the short distance.
things to do


























browse our gallery











stay connected with sandy shore 









401.596.5616
frontdesk@sandyshore.com
149 atlantic avenue
westerly, ri 02891
click for directions

© 2022 sandy shore motel | privacy policy
website & hosting by xc media design
















