

 








home - the metaphysical center of new jersey







































































when the student is ready, the teacher appears



facebook




twitter









 












home
about

mcnj
what is metaphysics?
meet our executive board
contribute
volunteer


events

calendar & schedule
moon cycles
meditation groups & book club
podcast
past events replays


classes

about
current schedule
metaphysics – 13 levels
other classes


membership
blog

blog
archived posts


contact
 


select page


  
 
 













mcnj journeys program18 wisdom teachers speaking on a large variety of metaphysical topics.  over 12 hours of instruction.  
see what is included in journeys








mcnj on youtubemcnj is posting new videos, including the latest mini meditation.  we’ve got lots more coming, so please like, subscribe, and click the bell to be notified of new videos.
check out our youtube channel








are you in charge of your consciousness and what it manifests?learn how to become a manifesting jedi, and create the world you want right now!
read now








our purposeour mission is to educate, enlighten, and encourage spiritual consciousness. our purpose is to help people accomplish this by learning to apply metaphysical principles to everyday life.  our classes and events present people with many points of view so that they can choose what seems right for them. 













mcnj’s first ever virtual psychic fair12 12 12
choose from 12 psychics on saturday, december 12, 2020 from 10am – 5pm, via zoom.  registration link coming soon.save the date!
details & registration









featured enlightened sponsorjeffrey lewisfull spectrum international
full spectrum helps you achieve peak performanceand reach higher states of health , consciousness,and self-actualization.
learn more









alchemist sponsorkenneth langlieb, ph.d., psychologist
lic # 3073 since 1993
specializing in holistic/natural treatments for anxiety & stress
learn more








mcnj journeys program18 wisdom teachers speaking on a large variety of metaphysical topics.  over 12 hours of instruction.  
see what is included in journeys








mcnj on youtubemcnj is posting new videos, including the latest mini meditation.  we’ve got lots more coming, so please like, subscribe, and click the bell to be notified of new videos.
check out our youtube channel








are you in charge of your consciousness and what it manifests?learn how to become a manifesting jedi, and create the world you want right now!
read now








our purposeour mission is to educate, enlighten, and encourage spiritual consciousness. our purpose is to help people accomplish this by learning to apply metaphysical principles to everyday life.  our classes and events present people with many points of view so that they can choose what seems right for them. 












classesour classes are in metaphysics & parapsychology, spiritual psychology, tarot, energy therapy & developing psychic abilities.   fall schedule runs september through december.  spring schedule runs february through may.
schedule








eventsour programs offer a variety of events such as monthly lectures, workshops, field trips, ceremonies, book discussion and meditation groups.
view events








membershipjoin our metaphysical community of like-minded seekers who enjoy member benefits, event discounts, and new friendships.
learn more










modern day mystery school
metaphysical center of new jersey

our purpose is to educate, enlighten, and encourage spiritual consciousness. through our classes and events, we aim to help people evolve in consciousness by learning to apply the cosmic laws to their daily life.







mcnj calendar
upcoming events







canceled due to the forecast of inclement weather conditions



the wondrous alchemy of transformation on the spiritual journey with divine love as our guide
february 15th









dear mcnj members and friends,
as many of you know there are several fires raging out of control in the la area in california. there are things metaphysicians can do from wherever you live as energy does not depend on time or space.
1. jim and basia conroy (the tree whisperers) spoke for mcnj and gave us tools to mitigate the winds during hurricane sandy. with up to 100 mph winds in la, we, too, can communicate and work in partnership with the wind and fire nature spirits to lessen, even eliminate, their impact.
2. the ho’opopno hawaiian prayer from dr. hew len is powerful. since we are all one, when we notice something, like the fires, we can clear the part of us inside that is being shown in the outer world. the original prayer is four simple statements:i’m sorry (for forgetting that we are one—you and the wind, fire)please forgive methank youi love you.
just saying this over and over as a mantra is enough. you don’t have to analyze or understand, just set your intention for the most benevolent outcome.
3. call upon jesus or archangel michael and his team to spread a fire blanket over the region. we have been told that the higher spirits of the unseen world are waiting to help but they cannot interfere. they must be asked. now is the time to ask.
remember that you are a powerful being. use your power wisely and well.









metaphysics & parapsychology program









metaphysics and parapsychology - level 2
begins february 26. 8-week series.
learn more









metaphysics and parapsychology - level 3
begins february 24. 8-week series.
learn more









saturday night lectures
watch recordings of past workshops online

watch online











message from mcnj president










join mcnj mailing list
don't miss another mcnj event!
sign up for our mailing list to get notified of upcoming events, workshops and more.



email*

first name*last name*commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 

























sponsorships available
both individual member (you don’t have to be a current mcnj member) and advertising sponsorships are available. promote your product or service on our site and social media!



sponsorships







metaphysical mastery podcast
join us on divas that care network for special podcasts called metaphysical mastery.  held on the third thursday of each month live at 4pm et. call in at 914-338-1479 and look for the replay here afterwards. october 19 podcast is on shadow work.



podcast










metaphysics & parapsychology program
levels 1 – 13









other classes (healing/spiritual psychology/tarot & more!)








meditation circles







see current schedule







become a member!
learn about the benefits of our yearly membership and unique community.

learn more








volunteer




contribute



 









© 2025 metaphysical center of new jersey – all rights reserved. | privacy policy |  website design: hoffmansites  |  website support: barking creative



 
























