




design web magic - creative, professional, affordable and friendly web design services.
































 



















 


 












 home 
 web design services 
building a new site 
redesigning your site 
 web maintenance  
 sell online / ecommerce  
 market your website 
 search engine optimization 
 search engine submission  
 search engine 
                      submission list 
 keyword analysis 
  & research  

best of the web 
 accept credit cards  
 affiliate marketing  
 best of the web tools  
 business cards 
 e-commerce 
 finding the perfect font 
 maintain your own website  
 merchant accounts  
 shopping carts  
 finding web graphics  
 web hosting - the best!  
why choose us? 
 about joanie 
 web portfolio 
  & testimonials 
 free consultation  
 those fabulous extras!  
 contact info 
7 0 7 . 5 4 2 . 1 6 7 7

 
email












 



check out some of design web magic's most recent website designs!



air 4 health therapeutic ionizers 
joanie,
it was a pleasure and a delight to work with  you on my free meet and fuck website. i have  great appreciation for your creative  talent as well as your professionalism.  thank you.
shurli wilkinson
view this site










endermologie central coast 
i love my site--it's the best ever i love it, i love it, i love it.
...this is just the very best ever, 
   carol
view this site









intervention services of arizona 
 
 
view this site








lummen lighting 
this site speaks for itself...
illuminating! 
 
view this site








your inner pharmacy
thanks. it looks great. 
                -dr. bob blaich 
view this site 








solar majesty
congrats, i see we're up and live! yea!    again, joanie, thank you, thank you, thank you...for what you do...and who you are.  -brad p. 
 
view this site 


 
 



patricia sommervold real estate 
joanie worked with me to build a website  that met all my expectations – and then some!  i love it, j 
she uses her technical and creative  ability to build a site that not only looks great – but also gets noticed  by others -  as she does what is needed behind the scenes too.
i would highly recommend joanie to others  who are looking to enhance their business by having a website that is designed  to suit their specific needs.  it’s worth it!
thank you, patricia sommervold
view this site


 
 



miriams-well
 "being a novice at both starting a new business & web design, i was amazed how joanie was able to transform my vision into a professional & easy to navigate website.  joanie immediately understood the concept and created something both beautiful & inviting.  ...   she does outstanding work & responds diligently to all questions & changes. ... i will continue to use her expertise & seek her guidance. ... "
view this site








susan barnes author 
  "thank-you so much, it was great working with you! i love the look and feel of the site, it is exactly what i had in mind and even better!... 
   i am very very happy with your work, you are amazing and extremely intuitive for the client's needs. thank-you! 
  blessings and a hug,
            susan :) "
view this site  








from this day forward weddings 
a gorgeous site dedicated to marriage ceremonies by rev. jerry law and his wife, julie. mellow colors, inviting graphics... 
  "we had no idea that the design of a beautiful website involved so much! your expertise and patience made it all come together in such a meaningful and delightful way. "
                    ~jerry and julie law
                  
view this site










bright ideas life coaching
an evocative home page with a door to enter... into a lovely site featuring the life coaching services of the talented laisha kneuven.
"thank you for your creativity and patience with me....the end result is sooo beautiful."
                    ~laisha 
view this site























 
        contact:  
        


web@designwebmagic.com   7 0 7 . 5 4 2 . 1 6 7 7 



home 
market your website
why choose us 
web graphics 


web design services
search engine optimization
about joanie 
stock photography 


build a new website
search engine submission 
accept credit cards online
web hosting - the best 


redesign a website 
keyword analysis 
business cards & more 
merchant account best rate 


sell online / ecommerce 
keyword research 
e-commerce
why choose us? 


web design portfolio 
find the right keyword 
finding the perfect font 
testimonials


bookmark this page 
site map
we offer more! 
resources and links 


policies
free 30 minute consultation
contact info 
search






 ©1999 - 2006 design web magic (a  balsamic moon company)





