
















healthy news







































































healthy news






























































































minggu, 30 desember 2012







three steps to a better smile 






everyone wants a better smile. a good smile can open many doors for you.
 if you aren't satisfied with your smile follow these tips to make it 
better.




smile with your eyes


the eyes are a window to the soul


you might have heard the phrase before. but you probably didn't realize 
how true it is. you can tell is someone is genuinely smiling just by 
looking at their eyes. a true smile is sometimes referred to as a 
duchenne smile after the french physician who first identified this phenomenon. 




a true smile uses the muscles of the mouth as well as a the obicularis 
oculi, a muscle around the eyes. this muscle lifts the cheeks and 
squints the eyes. it is also the muscle that gives you crows feet, the 
wrinkles that can occur around the eyes.




bottom line if you want your smile to appear genuine you need to let it show in your eyes.




smile with your teeth



a true smile also exposes your teeth. so if you want your smile to be awesome you have to get your teeth into top shape.




color - white teeth are the standard of beauty. luckily whiter teeth
 are relatively easy to achieve. there are numerous over the counter 
methods and if your teeth are the kind that don't whiten easily there 
are many other solutions.
shape - crooked teeth are unattractive according to society. if your teeth are crooked a quick visit to the dentist will let you know what your options are for straightening it out.
gums - if you have some kind of periodontal disease or your smile is
 particularly gummy you might be a little apprehensive about showing it 
to people. good hygiene habits are a the best way to start. but you 
might also want to visit a periodontist to see what they can do for you.
 




when you aren't self conscious about your teeth it is much easier to show people a real smile.




practice



sounds silly right? standing in front of the mirror pasting on a grin. 
but the more you smile the happier you are the happier you are the more 
you smile.




when you are comfortable with your smile it will come to you more 
easily. your confidence will show and people will want to be around you.




brought to you by the perio group.






diposting oleh



nanang hidayat




di

07.54



tidak ada komentar:
  









kirimkan ini lewat emailblogthis!bagikan ke xberbagi ke facebookbagikan ke pinterest




label:
healthy foods











rabu, 19 september 2012







why comparing insurance is essential









many
people have vehicles nowadays because they think that vehicles are essential in
their life. we see that people in these days are really mobile. therefore, they
need vehicles to transport from one place to another. this makes the road quite
crowded and the rate of accident increase. this is where auto insurance is needed. if you apply auto
insurance, you will be protected in the bad time. auto insurance is like a
preparation to face such bad time even though we expect that we will not
experience accident. because auto insurance is somehow essential, people think
that choosing the best insurance is very important.



before you apply for any auto insurance to
protect you, your beloved people, and your vehicles, it is suggested that you
compare some insurance. maybe, you are hesitant because you think that
comparing insurance is troublesome because you need to go to many providers one
by one. now, you do not need to do that because there is a special site where you
can compare different kinds of insurance directly. the site is actually
insurance portal, which can help you to find the best auto insurance for you
and your beloved ones. you can compare two or more insurances easily.





diposting oleh



nanang hidayat




di

18.54



tidak ada komentar:
  









kirimkan ini lewat emailblogthis!bagikan ke xberbagi ke facebookbagikan ke pinterest




label:
healthy tips















how life insurance saves your life









life insurance is insurance offered by the insurance company
which serves the contract between the insurance policy holder and the insurance
company where the insured one commits to pay the beneficiary amount of money
upon the death of insured person. so if the insured one die, the insurance
company must pay some amount of money to the beneficiary who of course other
than the insured one. 



         

besides,
insurance company can pay its duty to the beneficiary or the insured one if the
insured one has terminal illness or critical illness. by having the life
insurance, the insured one or policy owner will have peace of mind as his or
her death will not make any financial hardship for his or her family or loved
one. the contract of life insurance is legal and limited to certain events
which caused on purpose. so if the insured one’s death caused by the suicide
riot, war or civil commotion, the insurance company will not give its
compensation to the insured one. that’s the brief description of how the life
insurance works. and through the reflection of life insurance, you can
see how care and committed the insurance company is to you. 





diposting oleh



nanang hidayat




di

02.44



tidak ada komentar:
  









kirimkan ini lewat emailblogthis!bagikan ke xberbagi ke facebookbagikan ke pinterest




label:
healthy tips













postingan lama

beranda




langganan:
postingan (atom)















label



healthy foods
(11)


healthy news
(7)


healthy tips
(14)





arsip blog








        ▼ 
      



2012

(15)





        ▼ 
      



desember

(1)

three steps to a better smile








        ► 
      



september

(4)







        ► 
      



agustus

(2)







        ► 
      



juli

(2)







        ► 
      



juni

(2)







        ► 
      



mei

(2)







        ► 
      



april

(2)









blogroll

isabel marant uk
broadway theater tickets
free dating sites 
a better me 
maplestory private server
natural remedies for erectile dysfunction











































tema sederhana. diberdayakan oleh blogger.
























