





first touch online soccer publication | firsttouchonline


































































































		skip to content


first touch








 










menu

 


this week’s live soccer on tv
the best soccer bars in new york city
live soccer on tv app – free download
about first touch – contact us
guide to soccer supporters clubs
the best soccer bars in the usa
first touch soccer fanzine covers




















 








first touch online soccer publication 













 

 

 









first touch is new york’s longest-running and best-loved soccer publication.  here you’ll discover all the best soccer bars in the usa for watching your favorite teams. our live soccer tv guide will help you watch all the soccer on tv happening this week. stay up to date with all the epl, serie a, and international schedules.
also, you’ll find soccer supporters clubs for the popular teams in every city and state in the usa. furthermore, you can read hundreds of great articles and interviews from our archives, all free on this amazing website and mobile app. 















 
today's soccer tv schedule

































 







soccer supporters clubs in the usa 











find epl supporters clubs and soccer bars near you! 












 









 









 













 









 









 













 









 









 






























 







how to find the best soccer bars  











nobody knows soccer bars like first touch do. we’ve worked with all the best soccer bars in the usa over the past three decades and we are happy to share that knowledge with you. check out our state by state guide to the very best soccer bars and soccer supporters clubs throughout the nation, and don’t forget to download our free live soccer tv app so you always know when the game is on. 







 





























 







top articles from first touch 

















missed opportunities for celtic in europe
here's why we’re not putting a lot of stock in much of the commentary following celtic’s 2-1 defeat at the hands of bayern munich wednesday night at parkhead.
february 15, 2025






california’s soccer scene: a new chapter unfolds
the mls is getting a major shakeup as san diego fc prepares for its debut season. find out more in this in-depth article on california's soccer scene.
february 13, 2025



 


see more articles
































 







star player interviews in first touch 











first touch goes one on one with some of the greats of the game. see all of our exclusive interviews here! 

















joe jordan interview- (tottenham hotspur)
tottenham’s joe jordan, a key member of harry redknapp’s coaching set up, is well versed in the way of the footballing world.
july 23, 2010






mats hummels interview (bayern munich)
bayern munich star mats hummels on working with jurgen klopp, almost joining manchester united... and being a german who doesn’t like beer!



december 8, 2016



 


see more interviews
































 







legends of the game 











read profiles of some of the greats who shaped the game of soccer over decades. 

















legends of soccer: johan cruyff
johan cruyff was, perhaps along with franz beckenbauer, the first truly great modern footballer. there never was, perhaps never will be a more total footballer.
august 27, 2022






legends of soccer: jimmy armfield
it’s fair to say there were times when football probably tried the patience of jimmy armfield.
january 23, 2018



 


see more legends
































 







great teams 











read all about the greatest teams ever to play the game. 

















graham williams remembers the busby babes
welsh international graham williams remembers the busby babes of manchester united from likely conquerors of europe to a team with no future. 
december 20, 2015






dirty leeds: 100 years of history
as leeds celebrates its centenary it remains a club either loved or loathed. there's no middle ground. its passionate supporters wouldn’t have it any other way.
october 31, 2019



 


see more great teams
































 







classic articles from first touch archives 











we have many great articles spanning decades of first touch soccer magazine 

















who are the true epl goats?
statto.com have recently published an all-time top flight league table, the epl goats covering the old days of division one through to the epl of today.



february 14, 2017






the 10 most common football clichés
the most common, ridiculous, nonsensical irritating football clichés that get branded about willy-nilly every game day.
january 4, 2016



 


read more classic articles




































 
today's soccer tv schedule

























scan to download our free mobile app!

kelly's - 12 avenue a

mulligan's - 150 1st st. hoboken









categories
 arsenal in the usa

classic articles

dave bowler's team talk

epl news

euro 2016 daily diary

euro 2021

european coverage

events

great teams

legends of soccer

liverpool in the usa

manchester city in the usa

manchester united in the usa

matty lawrence column

mls

new york city fc

newcastle utd in the usa

online games

soccer supporters clubs in the usa

soccer supporters clubs nyc

star player interviews

the full scottish

tottenham hotspur in the usa

uncategorized

usmnt

women's soccer

world cup 2018 daily diary

world cup 2022

world cup 2026

world wide college





za najboljše športne stave slovenijа obiščite casinoslovenija10.

trusted non gamstop betting sitesbookmakers not on gamstop guidenon gamstop sportsbook


 


 




 scroll to top


























