                         
	boston firefighters credit union | banking for first responders



          skip to main content 

  


banking for first responders
   

enjoy the benefits of membership.become a member
  




bank
                



personal
                    



checking


student account


savings account


term share and ira certificates


money market accounts 


club accounts


jake junior youth accounts


2025 share certificate special




business
                    



business savings account


business checking account


business money market account


business share certificates




deposit rates & disclosures
                    



account disclosures and fees


view all deposit rates






borrow
                



personal
                    



visa credit cards


personal loan


vacation loan


line of credit 


visa balance transfer


vehicle loans


tuition (k-12) loan


college tuition loan


student choice private loans


professional education line of credit


veterans buy back




business
                    



commercial real estate loans


business term loans


business line of credit


business credit cards




home loans
                    



fixed rate mortgages 


adjustable-rate mortgages


mortgages - investment property


piggyback mortgage


home equity line of credit




loan rates
                    



consumer loan rates


real estate loan rates


heloc disclosures


arm disclosures


general law - part ii, title i, chapter 184, section 17b






resources
                



electronic services
                    



bill pay


estatements


debit card


zelle


apple pay


visa app 


payroll deduction


mobile banking


atms




knowledge center
                    



reorder checks online


loan calculators


incoming wire transfer instructions


fraud security


shared branching


nxg - identity theft services


trustage insurance


gallagher insurance




work schedules
                    



boston fire


boston police


bfcu employee page




financial wellness month




about
                



about us
                    



membership


location & hours


contact us


board of directors


blog


2024 scholarship recipients


career opportunities




our financials
                    



income statement


balance sheet




our story
                    



history


words from staff


words from members




newsweek top 500




invest
                



first responders group






search 


search:

search
when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.













popular searches: routing number (aba/rtn) 211080712  |  hours of operation  |  branch & atm locator
cancel  online banking login 






online banking

username



password




 enroll: new member
 
            routing number(aba/rtn) 211080712
        



banking notice


username error.please be sure your username is at least 8 characters.


 cancel      










  

what would you like to do today?









open an account                        









mobile banking                        









consumer loan request                        









find an atm                        









contact us                        









save more money                        





   




view your schedule









bfd work schedule                        









bpd work schedule                        







become a member
    




check out today's rates


*apr - annual percentage rate   |   apy - annual percentage yield
 

view loan rates
    

words from our members






                every time i step into the bfcu building it continues to blow me away at how awesome all of the employees are.  the whole process is easy, fun and super quick! i love the bfcu!
            

john - boston police department – 






“i had worked at another credit union. but when i came to the boston firefighter credit union to do some personal business, i looked around at the scenery here and how nice everything looked. more importantly, i was struck by the staff members themselves. they were smiling, cheerful and helpful. i took a moment while i waited in line to introduce myself to the assistant branch manager and asked how i could join the team. after i began working at bfcu, i saw immediately how much care that our staff has for our members. we are very empathetic toward the challenges of our members and we understand that every member’s financial situation is different. our members appreciate the fact that we take the time to answer their questions and work with them on loans, online banking, and their member accounts. we go above and beyond for each of our members. we welcome them with a smile and a positive attitude always, and we treat all of our members like family. the best feeling that i get is when a member sends us a card to thank us for helping them with their banking.”


vicky m. marte - bfcu member service representative – 






“i feel like i’ve grown up inside bfcu and through all my years here, i feel that i have come to know our members and treat them as family. i know their spouses' names, i have learned about their kids. it’s very personal and personable. our members feel comfortable coming in and because we know them so well, they have assurances that we will treat their bank accounts as if they were our own. we serve many veterans who get deployed overseas to war zones and they return to massachusetts with serious challenges to their credit line. these servicemen and women have been protecting us and therefore, they may falter on their car loan or credit card.  they come back from deployment to a stack of bills waiting for them. we believe that it is our responsibility to fight for them, as they have fought for us, and help get them out of the financial hole, whether it be offering them the best rates on personal loans, or consolidating all of their debt to just one affordable payment at a low rate, one that they normally would not have qualified for. we really work hard to help them get back on their feet. it’s because of this work and our attention to our members that years later, they are able to buy a house or purchase a car with zero credit problems. we take great pride in that.” 


kaitryn thornton - bfcu vp lending – 






“i had banked with another credit union for many years and the service was horrible. i left and found bfcu four years ago. i am a 30 year veteran of the boston police department and i have had a tremendous experience as a member of the boston firefighters credit union. i have found all the member service representatives that i work with to be personable and knowledgeable about my needs. bfcu is very customer oriented. as a single dad, putting a child through college is a serious challenge. when those expenses added up, i went to bfcu and i was able to get a loan when i needed one. there was no headache. i had no stress at all, so much so that i also refinanced my mortgage. i dropped an interest point and a half, and even during the covid-19 pandemic, they made banking both superlative and easy. bfcu has always been there for me.”  


michael - boston police officer – 






                after a lengthy and frustrating home equity process at another credit union, we walked away. when we walked into bfcu, they were able to get it done quick and easy. what a difference!
            

kevin, - boston police department – 






                i needed a cd with higher interest rates. bfcu cds pay more and offer lots of different term options. it was a no-brainer!
            

billy m., sharon fd – 






“housing in the city is a major
concern for our new police officers and we are thrilled to learn that boston
firefighters credit union has developed a plan to help these officers buy their
first home.  with all of the challenges they face in their new career,
it is nice to know bfcu has stepped up to take the stress out of purchasing a
new home in the city”.



larry calderone, president bppa – 






                my bank wasn’t interested, but bfcu was. their customer service is great and their rates are so low that i’m still saving money!
            

elliot - somerville fire department – 






                not once in four years have i had a negative experience. the mortgage officers made a typically stressful process into a pain free experience (twice!) the level of professionalism, paired with the hospitality you receive from each and every employee, makes it hard to imagine banking anywhere else.
            

james - boston fire department – 






“i have always received exceptional care and everyone at bfcu has treated me with respect and has worked with me on a personal level. it’s a greater level of care than i have ever received from the big banks. my friends at the boston firefighter credit union don’t forget about me after hours. i get emails from my service representatives to guide me through whatever challenges i may have, no matter what time it is. as a service member, i was deployed for over a year and it was very stressful on my wife, but bfcu was always there for her and they were there for us for whatever we needed. there is a great family atmosphere there. i even take my kids to bfcu and they feel right at home. i could not think of a better banking experience for me and my family.”


andrew - boston firefighter and us coast guard serviceman – 






“we hire team members with positive personalities and high service standards. we work with them and train them to be the best member service representatives they can be. here at the boston firefighters credit union, we offer a welcoming atmosphere from the moment that our members walk in the door. we’ve had some of our newest members, police officers, tell us that they never felt comfortable sitting and talking to someone about their banking needs before. we provide an educational experience for our members on ways they can manage and save money, which really opens their eyes. we are not just here to assist with your banking needs, we are truly here to help with just about any financial question or challenge you may have. here at bfcu, we understand that our members’ time is valuable and the representatives working at our call centers make sure that they provide a prompt response to all inquiries. customer calls never go unanswered here. we answer every call immediately. we have tremendous respect for each of our members, which is why they are so loyal to us.  


catherine guerard - bfcu vp of member services – 







bfcu’s great rates and knowledgeable staff make it the best place to bank in boston. they are unity personified!
            

clarence - boston police department – 






                our mortgage application with boston firefighters credit union was handled very professionally. they really make it easy, and it was definitely the best experience we’ve ever had or heard of.
            

deirdre - boston police department – 






tell us your story
  

for your information






                        january 21, 2025
                    

                        winter newsletter
                    






read all news
  

connect with us on social media.



facebook
twitter
instagram
  

you are there for us.we are here for you.established in 1948, boston firefighters credit union strives to provide high quality services in a warm, friendly atmosphere. we welcome new members with open arms and are proud to be able to assist them with their financial needs in the same way we have been helping our members for 75 years.
 

become a memberemployee login
  





    









send an email




 

boston firefighters credit union60 hallet streetdorchester, ma 02124routing number (aba/rtn) 211080712
 website design by lkcs  









call us 617.288.2420




  

website terms of useprivacy policysecuritywebsite accessibilitysitemapcontact usblog
    

need cash?we've partnered with sum, co-op, and moneypass to offer you fee-free atms.find an atm
  

 617.288.2420



facebook
twitter
instagram
  

have a question?we are here for you on your financial journey!contact us
 

 617.288.2420



facebook
twitter
instagram
 

open an accountyou can open a boston firefighters cu account online!become a member
 

 617.288.2420



facebook
twitter
instagram
 

have a question?we are here for you on your financial journey!contact us
 

 617.288.2420



facebook
twitter
instagram
 

have a question?we are here for you on your financial journey!contact us
 

 617.288.2420



facebook
twitter
instagram
 
 
 


search:

search
when autocomplete results are available use up and down arrows to review and enter to select.












 


contact us




facebook
twitter
instagram
 


 email

 call
  

membership requirementmembership in this credit union shall be limited to:the members of the first responder community in massachusetts (employees and retirees of the fire departments, police departments and municipally operated ems departments)employees and retirees of boston firefighters credit unionlabor union employees and retirees thereof serving the first responder community in massachusettsemployees and retirees of the suffolk county sheriff’s departmentthe family members of those persons listedthe professional firefighters of massachusettsthe international association of firefightersthe state police association of massachusettsfor the purposes of this section, the term “family member” shall be defined to include spouses, domestic partners, sharing a principal residence in the same household as the member, and children as well as parents, grandparents, grandchildren,
    siblings, nieces, and nephews whether related by blood or marriage.by clicking continue, you are verifying that you belong to one of these groups.
 continue to become a member       chat with us, powered by livechat       
