







home - saskatchewan wildlife federation













































































 skip to primary navigation skip to content skip to footersaskatchewan wildlife federationsaskatchewan wildlife federation  
about us

who we are
board of directors
branch locations
central office staff
history

why the whooper




programs

habitat trust

adopt an acre
guns & antlers for habitat
wildlife tomorrow
conservation easements


fisheries enhancement program

submit a fisheries project


education

hannin creek education & applied research centre
youth conservation camp
geocaching
women’s outdoor weekend
backyard biodiversity challenge sign up
wildlife posters
bigfoot snowshoe loan
fish in schools program
notice nature bingo card


national archery in the schools program (nasp)

getting started in nasp
nasp grant application
nasp tournament information


awards

henry kelsey big game records
provincial angling awards
cody strass memorial trophy trout award
conservation awards
dennis pattinson memorial scholarship




news & events

3rd annual advancing women in conservation
calendar of events

submit your event


branch month-end mail
news
96th annual convention
social media


resources

for hunters

land access – permission


for anglers

saskatchewan master angler program
saskatchewan angling registry


for members/branches
habisask
for parents & teachers
for conservation
firearms


store
contact us

land access – permission


membership
donate


the saskatchewan wildlife federation
the saskatchewan wildlife federation is a non-profit, non-government, charitable organization of over 32,000 members enhancing fish and wildlife habitat since 1929. ready to take the next step toward a better saskatchewan?
become a member donate now!

 


swf news
 








uncategorized



turn your unwanted equipment into habitat for wildlife


by courtney devins
					 / november 5, 2024				

as we start our fall cleaning and winter preparations, the saskatchewan wildlife federation (swf) encourages residents to consider donating unwanted...
read more











uncategorized



saskatchewan wildlife federation urges drivers to give wildlife a brake


by courtney devins
					 / october 9, 2024				

as autumn marks the breeding season for both moose and deer, these animals are on the move, actively seeking mates...
read more











uncategorized



quigley raffle & 50/50 generates over $40,000!


by courtney devins
					 / august 21, 2024				

the saskatchewan wildlife federation is happy to announce the successful results of our first online raffle featuring one custom built...
read more




 



our featured corner

 


 


 sk provincial fish hatchery
the saskatchewan wildlife federation administers the only fish hatchery in saskatchewan stocking fish to enhance public angling opportunities.




 hannin creek
learn more about our world-class camp facilities at the hannin creek education and applied research facility near candle lake, saskatchewan.





hunting, angling & trapping
from forests and fields to lakes and rivers, saskatchewan has long boasted world-class hunting, fishing and trapping opportunities. learn about purchasing a license, or more about our programming.





education
the saskatchewan wildlife federation offers a variety of outdoor education and heritage programs that give people of all ages the opportunity to get closer to nature. learn more about the national archery in schools program, youth conservation camp, women’s outdoor weekend, and more.





wildlife habitat securement
working with landowners and all levels of government, the habitat trust program strives to ensure the wild life legacy we leave to our children surpasses that which we inherited.





fisheries enhancement
the swf is the leader in fisheries enhancement and restoration in saskatchewan, working with branches and other partners to undertake projects that improve fish passage, habitat, and angling opportunities across saskatchewan





become a member
we invite you to join 33,000 conservationists around saskatchewan as a saskatchewan wildlife federation member!


if you are a conservationist with a passion for the outdoors, we invite youto join us as a member of the … learn more about become a member
donate today
your donations make a difference right here in saskatchewan! together, we can invest in strengthening saskatchewan’s natural habitat landscape with local projects, carried out at a local level by local people to conserve and grow a wildlife legacy for our future generations.
the saskatchewan wildlife federation is a non-profit, non-government, charitable organization of over 32,000 members in 125 branches across saskatchewan representing every walk of life.  per capita, we are the largest wildlife conservation organization of its kind in the world.  established in 1929, the swf has become an acknowledged leader in the conservation field. the swf rely on membership, donations, and fundraising to operate our programs.
your donation is a great way to support our organization and it’s tax deductible!
receipts are issued for any donation over $20.00
remember: your mailing address is required on any official tax receipt.  please include your mailing address through your payment option.
ways to donate:
monetary donations – these are greatly appreciated and can be directed to specific programs, if requested. see information below!
guns for habitat program – the swf’s guns for habitat program allows individuals to donate unwanted firearms and equipment to the swf. the swf will auction these items off at fundraisers throughout the year, with all proceeds going towards the habitat trust program. call the swf central office to arrange pick-up of items.
antlers for habitat program –  the swf’s antler’s for habitat program allows individuals to donate unwanted antlers to the swf. the swf collects antlers, and provides tax receipts once the antlers have been sold (typically once per year). call the swf central office to arrange pick-up of items.
used hunting/fishing equipment – individuals can donate their unwanted hunting and fishing equipment to the swf. the swf will auction and raffle these items off at fundraising events throughout the year. a tax receipt will be issued for items donated. call the swf central office to arrange pick-up of items.
adopt an acre program – for $50.00 per acre a year, you can become a steward of saskatchewan’s natural landscape.  you can choose to adopt one acre for now, one acre over numerous years, or several acres over numerous years — it’s all up to you!  for your contribution, you’ll receive a charitable tax receipt, certificate of adoption, copy of the annual habitat report, and have your name listed in outdoor canada west. together, we can invest in strengthening saskatchewan’s natural habitat landscape with local projects, carried out at a local level by local people to conserve and grow a wildlife legacy for our future generations. call central office for more detail on how to participate in the adopt an acre pogram.
land donation and wills – the habitat trust fund has been legally established to accept memorials.  wildlife and our natural resources are held dear to many people in saskatchewan and often, donations in memory of a loved one are directed to the habitat trust fund.   land or money can also be left in wills and estates by people wishing to preserve our natural heritage.  this land is held in perpetuity for wildlife and future generations to enjoy. contact central office for more information at 306-692-8812.
make your donation today!
1) mail your cheque to:
saskatchewan wildlife federation
9 lancaster road
moose jaw, sk
s6j 1m8

please include a note indicating the program where you’d like your donation directed. *comment section can be found during check-out*
2) phone central office:
(306) 692-8812 or toll free (877) 793-9453 to make your donation by visa or mastercard
3) donate online:










						upcoming events					






			mar		

			11		








7:30 pm - 8:00 pm 



		kerrobert & district wildlife federation march gun draw	










			mar		

			15		








		all day	



		weyburn wildlife federation mainprize fishing derby	










			mar		

			15		








		all day	



		souris moose creek wildlife ice fishing tournament 	










			mar		

			21		








march 21 - march 23 



		winter women’s outdoor weekend	










			mar		

			22		








march 22 @ 5:00 pm - march 23 @ 5:00 pm 



		tisdale wildlife federation annual banquet and fundraiser	









		view calendar	





footer 


about us
who we are
history
board of directors
central office staff
branches

programs
habitat trust
fisheries enhancement program
education
national archery in the schools program (nasp)

partnerships
hannin creek education facility
fish & wildlife development fund lands

contact us
contact us

copyright © 2025 saskatchewan wildlife federation. all rights reserved. loginwebsite by omnionline 
 



change location
find awesome listings near you!


































