






richardson maritime museum | richardson maritime museum in cambridge md - learning from the past... training for the future























































home
visit
volunteer
events
donate












 













welcome to the richardson maritime museum






;






museum news







skipjackâ nathan of dorchesterâ volunteers install new mast at richardson maritime museum

by richardson maritime | jan 30, 2025 | announcements, boatworksnew mast raised on the nathan the richardson maritime museum is honored to play a key role in preserving chesapeake...





boatyard bash nov. 9th

by richardson maritime | oct 21, 2024 | announcements, boatworks, eventsjoin us at the richardson maritime museum on saturday, november 9th between 1pm - 5pm for our first ever boatyard...





sunset cruise on dudley buyboat

by richardson maritime | sep 7, 2024 | eventssave the date and join us on saturday, october 5th at 4pm for a sunset cruise aboard the dudley, a chesapeake bay...





buoy fundraiser now available!

by richardson maritime | sep 7, 2024 | announcementsinterested in helping to support the richardson maritime museum and enjoy a fun a fun paint project the whole family...





museum restores & donates skiff

by richardson maritime | aug 21, 2024 | announcements, boatworksin a heartwarming display of dedication to maritime heritage, the richardson maritime museum has successfully...





pride of baltimore ii visits cambridge for youth and public tours

by richardson maritime | aug 16, 2024 | eventsthe richardson maritime museum, in partnership with the pride of baltimore ii, is offering an exciting opportunity for...



« older entries








about us – home to dorchester county maritime history
located in beautiful historic cambridge, maryland, the richardson maritime museum is your port of entry to experience the region’s 300-year maritime history of outstanding boatbuilders and their boats.
 
soon you will be able to visit the museum collections
the museum is temporarily closed but will accept requests for group tours or visits. a transitional museum display is expected to open to the public in 2024. please contact us for more information. check back for news of our public reopening!













our history
the museum was founded in memory of capt. james b. richardson, a prominent local boatbuilder. “mr. jim’s” dedication to the traditional wooden boatbuilding skills and to passing on those skills to new generations of boatwrights inspired the founders of the museum to establish an organization dedicated not just to preserving his memory, but to continuing his efforts of keeping the art of boatbuilding alive.





experience the ruark boatworks





here the traditional wooden vessels are being built and restored under the supervision of master boatwrights who pass on their skills to apprenticesâ  and volunteers.â  visitors are welcome to view and assist in this continuous endeavor to preserve and promote our heritage.





















 









â© copyright 2025 richardson maritime museum

follow



103 hayward streetcambridge, md 21613
(410) 221-1871




 








































