








home - homeschool central





























































info@homeschoolcentral.com



facebook


 





facebook



 












home
where to begin

advice for new homeschoolers
homeschoolers and socialization
determining learning styles
preschool and kindergarten
high school and beyond
special needs homeschooling
diplomas and transcripts


laws and support groups

homeschool support groups and laws by state
national homeschooling organizations and information
homeschool resources for other countries


homeschool resources

homeschool articles and news
free homeschool study resources
other homeschool resources
homeschooling and college


 





select page


  
 



 



 











homeschool central since 1996
homeschool central has been providing information to the homeschool community for over 26 years. 
here you will find the information you need to successfully homeschool your child. you will find state laws, local support groups, articles, and free resources.
















new homeschoolers start here
we want to make your entry into the world of homeschooling as simple as possible. we have put together the information you will need to know to get started. homeschooling is very rewarding and is also the best way to teach children catering to their individual learning styles. no student learns the same and homeschooling is perfect for this situation. you can gear your education plan specific to your child’s need.



click here to start




laws and support groups
this is one of the most important areas on our site. it is essential to know the homeschooling laws for your state or country. laws pertaining to homeschooling are different for every area. homeschooling is legal in all 50 states.
support groups can make your homeschooling a lot more fun as well as informational. many areas have groups that get together for field trips as well as often offering teaching in areas you are unfamiliar with.
 



click here: laws & support




homeschool resources
we have put together an abundance of information including free teaching resources by subject.
we also have articles of interest about homeschooling in news and ideas. we  also provide links to some other homeschool sites and blogs



click here: homeschool resources





search for:





homeschool central news
sign up here.





thank you for subscribing



first name



email





subscribe

















 

        hsc   dan hammes has been involved in the homeschooling movement since 1996. the father of six children all of which were either totally homeschooled or were part of a hybrid homeschool situation.        





about us
privacy
affiliate income
 






facebook


ⓒ copyright 2024 homeschool central 




















