






st. luke's church of the nazarene | a loving, caring community making disciples for christ



























































 
















home
location
about us
staff
contact
 




 









a loving,
caring community
making disciples for christ.







 

 

 

 

 




location and service times


service times

sunday morning worship: 10:00 am
sunday school: 9:00 am
wednesday evenings: 6:30 pm






location

1715 east prospect ave.
ponca city, ok 74604 


click here to map it





about us


a loving, caring community making disciples for christ


we desire to:

provide multiple opportunities to connect, serve, play, and grow together.
grow christ-like disciples through learning god’s word and living it out daily.
be an authentic, engaging, and friendly community where all are safe, accepted and loved.
be a fun, encouraging, and exciting place of worship.





staff





 


david frees
lead pastor


david has been our pastor since april of 2003. he and his wife deborah have three sons- john david, wife kristen; joshua, wife bree; and joel, wife corbyn; and one daughter – libby.   he loves god, loves people, & loves being with family and friends.  he is an encourager and has a great sense of humor.  he likes to laugh and have fun.   david enjoys leading others to a deeper walk with christ and with others.  his strengths are a positive attitude, empathy & including others.






 


tim williams
worship arts pastor


pastor tim and his wife pam joined us in october of 2009. they have a daughter- payton, and a son- zane. he loves spending time with family and he likes to run. he is intellectual and a talented musician. he also likes attending sporting events and learning new music. he enjoys teaching music and using his talents to honor god. tim loves to empower others to use their talents to glorify god and helping people experience the presence of god in worship.  his strengths are learning, achieving personal goals, belief, analytical, and understanding.






 


neil stangeland
youth pastor


pastor neil joined us in june of 2012, he is very relational and enjoys interacting with others. he naturally makes everyone around him feel comfortable and welcome, and he is great with kids of all ages! his desire is to teach our kids about god and what it means to follow jesus christ.  neil is truly authentic and easy to get along with. pastor neil loves sports and music, and he enjoys being active. his strengths are including others, winning others over, harmony, belief, and communication.








 


deanna fitzpatrick
office manager






 

contact



we are here for you!
phone: 580-762-2095


name


*




phone






email






message


*




submit





your message has been sent! thank you for contacting us.		

oops, an error has ocurred! see the marked fields above to fix the errors.		









 




						© 2017 st. luke's church of the nazarene | 1715 east prospect ave., ponca city, ok 74604 | 580-762-2095					




 






































































