















trenton, nj | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in















    government      departments      living & visiting      doing business      how do i  


 

 

 

 

 

 












search







 
 
 











 














city council meetings








get notified








job opportunities










 
 














online bill pay








report a concern










 
 
 





























development opportunity - 323 north olden avenue 

qualified redevelopers are invited to submit proposals for the development of the site. we are interested inalmost all development ideas, including light industrial / manufacturing facilities. the site is in the city oftrenton north clinton avenue...		additional info...







william trent house museum to reopen on february 20, 2025 

on thursday, february 20, 2025, the william trent house museum, which has been closed to the public since june 2024, will officially reopen. this comes after the installation of an energy-efficient heat exchange hvac system. this project was...				read on...







city of trenton hosts flag-raising ceremony in honor of black history month 

yesterday, february 3, 2025, the city of trenton kicked off black history month with a flag-raising ceremony in the heart of downtown trenton. the event, which took place on the front steps of trenton city hall, was a celebratory occasion that...				read on...






joint statement from mayors reed gusciora, jeff martin of hamilton township, bert steinmann of ewing 

today, commissioner shawn m. latourette of the new jersey department of environmental protection (dep) released a report—a technical, managerial, and financial assessment of trenton water works (tww)—that highlights specific deficiencies at tww and...				read on...










city of trenton notice of postponed public meeting 

notice is hereby given that the regular session of the city council of the city of trenton, nj, to be held on thursday, january 23, 2025, is being rescheduled in accordance with n.j.s.a. 10:4-6 et. seq. the city council will meet on tuesday, january...				read on...







last chance to apply for the city of trenton animal welfare advisory board 

the city of trenton is seeking applicants for the animal welfare advisory board. mayor w. reed gusciora is looking for five dedicated citizens to join the board and help guide the city’s animal welfare policies and programs. applications for...				read on...







rfp: 1 west lafayette street 

additional info...







city of trenton to offer warming shelter from sunday, january 19 to monday, january 20, 2025 

the city of trenton announces a code blue from sunday, january 19, 2025, through monday, january 20, 2025. a code blue extreme cold alert may be declared when temperatures drop below freezing and weather conditions pose a threat to the homeless...				read on...










legal ad for publication: 1/14/2025 

notice of vacancies for boards and commissions				read on...







job advertisement 

read on...







tww installs automatic distribution system flushing assembly in hopewell township 

as part of its capital improvement program, tww installed an automatic flushing assembly in hopewell township on pennington and denow roads at a dead-end section of its distribution system.				read on...







mayor reed gusciora op-ed: a paw forward 

well-intentioned concerns about our city’s animal shelter are in an endless cycle—there is plenty of criticism to go around, but we are hard-pressed for lasting solutions.				read on...










/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



  
 
 









 



 



 




 
















 






  
 







contact us







	trenton city hall
319 e state street
trenton, nj 08608

609-989-3000


contact us
 






  
 







helpful links







home



contact us



accessibility



site map



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 







social media







facebook










 
 















 






  
 
 



 














government websites by civicplus®










 
 
 













loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









