







home - wingits the #1 specified bath accessory lines in hospitality.
























































































 





















skip to content








 







search

 search










 




contact us 












 



products 






new products 








 




shower doors, panels, and pans 








 




complete closet systems 








 




invidia™ solid surface 








 




lighted
mirrors 







categories 










fastening system & installation accessories 




foot rest 




grab bar 




lighted mirrors 














robe & coat hook 




shelving & storage 




shower door




shower & tub panel system




shower amenity storage














shower pan




shower rod




shower seat & tub bench




specialty














toilet paper holder




towel bar




towel rack




towel ring














featured collections










product catalogs










view by collection











markets

hospitality
multifamily/student housing
senior living
ada consulting


resources

catalogs
cad, revit, & spec sheets
hospitality brand standards
frequently asked questions
lunch & learn
tradeshows & events


about us

about our company
innovation is who we are
why wingits®
careers
news


where to buy

distributors
installers
consumer


brand standards


log in / register
my account
 







 
back to top















new - click to design your total shower 


















 
25 yearsa look back at our history 25 years of innovationinvidia shroudnew! invidia™ solid surface shroudelegantly conceal unsightly piping beneath a decorative sink or vanity for improved aesthetics and allow user access for ada compliance.
explore invidia™ shroudemulatornew! design your total showerdesign a custom commercial shower with our interactive emulator tool.
start designinggeneral wingitsinnovating inside the bathroom and out20+ designer collections
16+ product categories
custom design capabilities
about wingits®total shower solutioncraft the ultimate bath experience with showerluxe™ doors, cast marble pans and panels, and matching accessories.
total showersolutionexplore doors & cast marblematte blackmatte blackindulge yourself with our opulent matte black finish, perfect for adding an air of luxury to any project you’re specifying.
explore matte blacklighted mirrorssuperior quality is our standardbeautiful, top-quality lighted mirrors enhance
any bath space and are customizable, too.  
explore lighted mirrorssolid surfae materialaccessories, reimaginedthe forefront of innovation: wingits® exclusive
invidia™ collection is the first of its kind.
explore invidia™complete closet systemdesigned to be designedthe world's strongest free-standing
closet system!
explore closets 



 













 













industry leaders 



							with 3 times the specifications of our competitors combined in hospitality, wingits® is a leader in commercial bath accessories and room solutions.						






explore hospitality solutions











 











 



the #1 specified
bath accessory brand
for hospitality 



							wingits® is the leader in stainless steel bath accessories, room solutions, and custom products for commercial markets throughout north america.						



top selling stainless steel bath accessories 















featured bath accessory collections 











 






modern elegance™











 






infinite elegance™











 






infinite squared™











 






go bold















see what our customers have to say 










						"the success of a project is based on the valued relationship between customer and manufacturer. wingits has helped in our success due to their top notch customer service, forward thinking product design, fast shipments, and ease of installation.working with wingits is easy from start to finish."					





carol haleassociated building specialties inc 






						"hotel resources group, llc has partnered with wingits for many years. the quality of product and their diversity of available products ensures that they will remain a leader in the hospitality industry.  we attribute much of their success to their attention to each hospitality brand's unique characteristics and challenges."					





robert w. seayhotel resources group, llc 






						"in our fast pace industry in hospitality, wingits is a great partner in assuring competitive pricing, great quality and helping the product arrives on the project in the time frame required."					





ryan whitmerhospitality product supply 






						"national wholesale supply has worked with wingits for many years. wingits is a great partner with outstanding customer service and competitive pricing and quality."					





katie flemisternational wholesale supply 






						"we have been in the hospitality industry for over 30 years and have worked with many different brands. wingits is right there at the top in quality and customer service. we don’t need to worry about sacrificing one for the other. their product is durable and long lasting and their customer service is outstanding!"					





katie peckhospitality services company 






						"we have worked with wingits for several years for a reason: the quality of their products is unequaled. the customer service experience that we receive is outstanding, and from start to finish, every aspect throughout the process is easy and effortless."					





katie tavareshri 






						"wingits has provided our company the opportunity to participate in several projects with top clients. the organization and its people are extremely organized and communicate the needs of their clientele in a way that allows us to present our solutions in a unique way. their commitment to creating a win for all involved is something we appreciate as a supplier."					





chinne khuongbuilders direct 






						"wingits products are consistently top-quality. the construction is such that our field crews can quickly, easily, and consistently install them without issue. the entire team is highly professional and knowledgeable, and are all great to work with. i’ve come back to wingits for years because of their customer service, quality products, and ease of installation.					





bill reinhardtcontinental contractors inc 





 previous


 next










see testimonials















explore our cast marble collection 



							wingits® cast marble products combine the durable sustainability of modern materials with the timeless look of classic marble or tile, all at a fraction of the cost. with an anti-scratch and non-porous surface, cast marble is the perfect solution for any project.						






explore cast marble





































masters of materials 



we work tirelessly on perfecting every single product before it goes to market. we stand behind our mantra of superior quality products.  






explore materials















hospitality, multifamily, & senior livingsolutions 



for every project – small to large, affordable to luxury – our solutions span all lifestyles delivering the best value and return on investment. 






view markets





































ada consulting 



							we are the ada-compliance specialists. wingits® products exceed ada compliance regulations while meeting local and state codes. we work with you to create a more dynamic, safe, and convenient bathroom lifestyle.						






explore ada solutions


























the solution company 



the wingits® team will consult with you to design innovative solutions for your specific project, delivering custom prototypes in as little as 6 weeks. count on the power of our partnership for manufacturing expertise, on-time delivery, unmatched quality and superior value.  







why wingits®? 



3x more specifications than all our hospitality competitors, combinedstellar customer service, every step of the waysuperior quality backed by our patented fastenersproduct prototypes in as little as 6 weekspatented products and processescontinuous product innovation25+ years of success… and still growing 
























log into the wingits® portal for access to specification sheets, cad/revit files, and brand standards. 







username



password





							remember me						



log in




								lost your password?							










don’t have an account? register here.


















 




							find technical data						


						sign up to access cad, revit, technical data sheets, and hospitality specifications.					









 




							get inspired						


						from project advice to design planning, we’ll help you get started.					









 




							need support?						


						let us help you find a solution to the problem you’re having.					














contact us 



corporate headquarters5006 belmar blvd.wall, nj 07727877.894.6448sales@wingits.com 



follow us: 






instagram
 



linkedin
 



facebook
 



youtube
 









join our email list











productsnew products
view by collection
view by category
 



marketshospitality
multifamily, student & military housing
ada consulting
senior living
 



resourcescatalogs
cad, revit, & spec sheets
hospitality brand standards
frequently asked questions
lunch & learn
tradeshows & events
distributors
installers
consumer where to buy
 



about usabout our company
custom design
careers
news
contact us
 











wingits.com | copyright 1997–2025 wingits® all rights reserved. | terms and conditions | privacy policy 






   


































































