




lion's share communications, inc.







































lion's share communications, inc.

          andrea sims, president & founder

          dc metro: (703) 589-7400

toll free: (888) 405-4374
andrea@lionsshareinc.com 





           










           






andrea sims with sir elton john at the white house (read more)




           




andrea sims with tom cruise (read more)






           






andrea sims 
			has proudly worked with harpo productions and oprah winfrey on this and other wonderful stories!

			

			
  




           










 











			

			 
















					"forbes got it right...andrea sims 


					sizzles."
larry king
cnn's "larry king live"


					we are a global event and public relations (pr) 

					firm, and named by forbes 

					magazine as one of the 

					"world's hottest parties" event planners in 2006. 

					lion's share communications brings unmatched expertise to all facets of successful 

                  event execution, public relations, media coverage, and digital 
					marketing.
lion’s share consistently 
					produces high-profile, sold-out events including "a-list" 
					celebrity galas, concerts, award 

                  shows, and golf tournaments. we coordinate events from 

                  inception through execution – or any component thereof - 

                  both under the auspices of lion’s share communications and in 

                  partnership with other organizations. 
partner with us to achieve 

                  the following for your organization and events:




                  extensive and high-quality publicity through our proven 

                  ability to attract local, regional, national, and 

                  international media coverage both for individuals, companies, 
					and non-profits alike!



					world class results for galas, marketing campaigns, and 
					sporting events. let us bring new branding and exciting 
					public relations opportunities with celebrities and media.




                  glamour and sophistication by drawing the speakers, award 

                  recipients, or influential crowd - including “a-list” 

                  celebrities, dignitaries, and corporate moguls - that your 

                  events need!



a 

                  top-notch image that will put your organization in the 

                  forefront and enhance its sphere of influence!


access through consummate professionals who know how to 

                  open the doors that others accept as closed!


dynamic event execution with no detail left to chance!  


you only 

                  have one chance at making the right impression for you, your 

					client, 

                  organization, or event. there is no reason to settle for 

                  anything less than the best results possible!

                  contact us now!
lion’s share is known for 

                  “bringing hollywood to the potomac,” based on president & 

                  founder andrea sims' ability to leverage a diversified and 

                  extensive professional and personal network to draw "a-list," 

                  hollywood celebrities to washington, dc area events. she 

                  further brings exponential value to her clients by 

                  strategically attracting national and international network 

                  and syndicated media coverage. 
among our key areas of 

                  expertise are the following:




                  defining, negotiating, publicizing, and implementing 

                  fundraising events to generate major income acquisition 

                  for corporate and non-profit entities, while providing 

                  attendees five-star event experiences.




                  developing, publicizing, and producing results through pr, media 
					coverage, and digital marketing resulting in client 

                  satisfaction and new exciting careers.  we are the 
					experts!  




                  creating, publicizing, and producing high-profile film, 

                  television, art, and cuisine festivals. 


in andrea sims' own words, 

                  “lion’s share helps its clients with everything from soup to 

                  nuts!" we partner with many clients on all aspects of their 

                  events from coordinating logistics to securing participation 

                  by celebrities and dignitaries and attracting local, national, 

                  and international media.
on the other hand, a client 

                  may already have an event planning partner, but may need to 

                  get the “right” participants – such as celebrities, 

                  industry-specific leaders, or sponsors - on board. in this 

                  instance, lion’s share is the perfect addition to the existing 

                  partnership. 
similarly, if you need 

                  someone to generate media interest exposure, lion’s share can 

                  work that piece of the puzzle to ensure that your event is 

                  appropriately and optimally publicized.” 

whether you 
					are a for-profit company, non-profit organization, 
					or a new book author/artist just starting out and needing 
					representation...we can help you!

contact us 

                  today to explore how we can work together in a way that will 

                  achieve results that will go beyond your highest expectations! 

what lion’s share brings 

                  to the table is the unique combination of the following: 




                  years of technical competency in event planning and pr. 




                  an extensively connected network.  




                  enthusiasm and tenacity.




                  an unwavering commitment to achieve the best outcome 

                  possible for every client. 


in short, we 

                  take the pieces of the event coordination and pr pie that are 

                  making you crazy off of your plate and turn your loftiest 

                  goals into realities!
we are highly 

                  adaptable in meeting your event planning and pr needs. 

                  don’t hesitate to contact us – initiating a dialogue with lion’s 

                  share will be one of the best decisions you’ll ever make for 

                  your organization!





                    








 
celebrity photo 

                  printout

(adobe acrobat required)






 












 

      copyright © 

      2005-2017 lion's share communications, inc. all rights reserved

      












