





new page 2






 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close







updated today, april 
                3rd, 2001. converted over to dreamweaver at last...
my icq is:
99358768






get flash.


 




elite 
              tournament© - bounty hunters paradise
new:  r1, beta 1 page 
                now available, please click here to 
                enter it.  this will be released in april 2001.  also 
                development page is now available to people working on the elite 
                tournament project.  click here 
                to access it.
there have been necessary 
                changes to the elite tournament game project, that will hopefully 
                enhance your playing pleasure, whilst also giving more consistency 
                to the project.  
a few people have been asking 
                where i keep the screenshots.  well i must need my special 
                brain medicine, because i appear to have deleted all of them for 
                the moment from the website.  there is a good reason for 
                this; i am now working on the new beta, so i want old stuff out 
                of the way completely.
i have 
                been making images for rob sharrock's frontierverse, a site dedicated 
                to frontier, elite 2 for a while, however i have also had quite 
                a few other commitments too.  elite tournament, rob's graphics 
                and the other projects i am working on are now going ahead as 
                planned.  with r1b1 (the new version of tournament) i have 
                moved the focus into a large domed city about 12km side to side, 
                that contains a large amount of tunnels, hiding areas and so forth.  
                this is quite a large project, and i will of course update you 
                as the project progresses.  due to the size of this area, 
                i have asked for help from two artists, one 3d, one 2d, to help 
                build areas in the city and texture them.  for this i must 
                thank mitharn and redgamma.  
i will be testing the engine 
                with a smaller level in the near future, in order to test out 
                the multiplayer features of et, so anyone wishing to participate 
                in this (non open) test, please drop me a line at test@brm-international.co.uk.  
                whilst all are invited to join in, please bear in mind that the 
                system in it's early incarnation will run fairly slowly until 
                it is optimized.  it is also likely to be a large download 
                of at least 30mb+
story.
you are an experienced pilot, 
                and have earned your place as a one of the most dangerous pilots 
                in the galaxy.  you have traded jewelry to anarchic pirate 
                bases, and ran military documents to dangerous systems.  
                what is there left to do?
one morning as you look through 
                your ebbs system, you see a message titled 'elite tournament invite'.  
                what is this?  you open it and read...
well done commander, your 
                skills as a pilot have been noticed, and we invite you to the 
                galaxy famous elite tournament, where you will test your skills 
                against other pilots, and become a legend amongst other pilots.  
                come and join our ranks, at the home of the tournament, raxxla.  
                if you would like to accept our offer, please respond and we will 
                send a craft carrier to pick you up, to take you to raxxla!
the choice is yours...
oooooo
elite tournament is a multiplayer 
                space combat game, based on the games elite, frontier and first 
                encounters, made by ian bell, david braben and frontier ltd.  
                the idea of the game is to compete, as a member of a clan, to 
                destroy as many of your real-life opponents as you possibly can.  
                the more kills you make, the more upgrades or ships you can afford, 
                and the more specialized equipment your clan can buy.  
as you progress through the 
                game, your ranking will increase as you gain kills, both in the 
                elite tournament leaderboard system, and in your clan itself.  
                there is no trading system, instead all purchases are made using 
                your kills total.  
the entire game is internet 
                based only.  all purchases are dealt with via our server, 
                all marches occur on line, all missions and challenges are placed 
                on the elite tournament ebbs system.  there is no cheating, 
                because if you cheat you account is wiped. 
the game system is ran by 
                the elite tournament council clan.  these members are from 
                all over the community, and decide on upgrades, features and account 
                problems personally.  the server takes care of the rest of 
                the automated tasks.
the game system is programmed 
                by myself (cris robson), models are built also by myself and i 
                also handle publicity/art/music and so forth.  i am pretty 
                tired.  if there are any coders out there who want to lend 
                me a hand, please do, as i really would like to concentrate on 
                getting the model work finished now.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
news and so on.
elite tournament's server crashed and burned after being up for 
                2 months, leaving the elite tournament website completely 'high 
                and dry'. as you are reading this, you can be moderately reassured 
                that elite tournament is on a server somewhere, however a permenant 
                home is severely needed, before things get really out of hand. 
              
a lot of you will have noticed the lack of updates to the elite 
                tournament game system as of late. i must admit that there was 
                a rush of beta's for the old engine that were 'adequate', however 
                i have high hopes for my project, and i am keen to see it come 
                to fruition with all the features that i wanted implementing into 
                the project. it is a big task, especially as i am trying to co-ordinate 
                the team members that i have via the internet. i have actually 
                set up an account on sourceforge.net, where i have access to management 
                tools and so on, for co-ordinating our efforts. 
this site will remain the place to read up of general progress, 
                however the sourceforge site is where the developers will be hanging 
                out to work on the actual mechanics and so forth.
currently i am working on a large domed city model for the game 
                system to have as a main battle area. i will be releasing pictures 
                as i am able. i have recently updated my software i am using for 
                the project, so i am still getting used to the modeling and so 
                on.
software for project;
ms vc++ 6
ms vb 6
max 3.1
photoshop 6
as usual, if you want to help out, please e-mail me.








 


send mail to cris@elitetournament.com with
questions or comments about this web site.


copyright © 2000 the elite tournament


last modified: march 17, 2001








