


  mcmillan study guides | us air force study guides 










 
  


  
 





 




 


my mcmillan 

my account 

my study guides 

order history 

account information 

address book 

account password 



advisor 

redemption center 

mcm toolbox 

manual activations 



shop 

order products 

cdc central 

available cdcs 

in-progress cdcs 

submit a cdc 

fouo cdcs 



testimonials 



support 

tech support 

faqs 



news 

coming soon 

resources 



about us 

our company 

about mcmillan 

what makes us #1 

giving back 

where in the world 



privacy 

terms & conditions 

contact us 



home 



 

 






my cart





…





sign in


  

 




per https://www.studyguides.af.mil on 31 january 2025:

airmen,

as part of the ongoing efforts to implement and comply with all directives outlined in the executive orders issued by the president, a thorough review of all applicable curriculum is being conducted. as a result of this review, the air force handbook 1 is being temporarily rescinded. we understand this decision may impact your ability to study for the annual and supplemental promotion cycles. we are diligently working to provide alternative study materials to support your professional development and career advancement and anticipate having these materials available to you by 15 feb 2025. we will provide regular status updates and any potential effects on the testing cycle as soon as we are able. thank you for your continued service and dedication to the air force.

https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/2025/01/restoring-americas-fighting-force/

	 

while the afh 1 is temporarily rescinded, we recommend continuing to study the 25e6/5. once the air force announces the interim study materials, any updates we release will be free to those who have already purchased the 25e6/5 afh 1 study guides.

	 
 


 
now available: 25e5 afh 1 study guides

find out more 




    



 testimonials 

 
 i made tsgt (14e6) with pdg advisor with a pfe score of 80, outscoring 97% of my career field. thank you again, mcmillan study guides! 
 j.b., little rock afb, ar 


 thank you so much for making such engaging and interesting study software.  this was my second time testing for msgt and the only time i've used pdg gold.  pdg gold was solely responsible for my success on the test.  the layout was excellent and the arcade games (especially target: pdg) was what got me through long hours of studying.  i was able to add chapter by chapter just the material i needed to study and focus on, which is what i needed.  thanks again! 
 j.l., seaside, ca 


 i just recently found out i made msgt. i've made every rank on the first try, and i believe that pdg gold made it possible! i recommend this product to all my troops. 
 c.b., wichita, ks 






 we support 

5450  


 we also support 

   



 


 


home 

about us 

privacy 

terms & conditions 

contact us 


© copyright 2025 mcmillan study guides, inc. all rights reserved.















