











elearning central coast | elearning educational solutions


























































home
about
services
contact
 


select page


  
 
 










elearning educational solutions

reimagining learning on the central coast







 educational design  emerging technologies  compliance 





educational design

educational design is the heartbeat of any online learning development. through researched-based educational design, we seek to develop high quality and affordable training to meet the demands and expectations of industry. our experienced team are university trained teachers and educators with many years of experience working in schools, vocational training and higher education and with small businesses.  we will work with you to design and develop training to meet the needs of your company or qualification requirements.
our services include; elearning, educational videos and challenge app experiences so your learners are engaged and highly skilled. we ensure the management of the learning is compliant and accessible to your organisation and your trainers. call us today!













emerging technologies

we will work with you to design courses that uniquely understand your trade, product or industry. with greater acceptance of online learning in 2021 the online market is looking for a range of just in time solutions for small businesses, hr courses and microcredials.
we are super excited to be partnering with injoy global to develop challenge apps using the my creator challenge app. the 'challenge' market is going nuts at the moment so come speak to us today about how this new technology can help build your business or support real change in your learners today.
check out this demo if you want to learn more. (no sign up required).










emerging technologies

we will work with you to design courses that uniquely understand your trade, product or industry. with greater acceptance of online learning in 2020, the online market is looking for a range of just in time solutions for small businesses, hr courses and microcredials.
today's learners expect blended learning environments where the physical and virtual environments are synchronised and we can assist you in the overall design and implementation of your learning environments. we provide services in instructional design, learning and educational design, educational videos, and virtual and augmented reality experiences.
great design, empowered trainers, successful learners. call us today!














compliance

elearning educational solutions can provide you with technical writers, project management and advice to assist you with your audit. we work with your subject matter experts to create assessment outcomes that are relevant to your learners and your industry, yet compliant with the training package or industry requirements.
we can provide you with assistance in mapping units of competency and lln requirements. let us support your trainers to understand the validation process as well as understanding key areas such as documentation and evidence gathering.









 educational design  emerging technologies  compliance 








imagine the possibilities














james cole - senior content developer, higher education - cengage
 we have found eles to be a swift, reliable, and collaborative vendor. as well as being an excellent video provider, eles provide invaluable subject matter expertise and content direction, which creates a unique point of difference from other digital content developers. eles have worked with us to co-create valuable digital resources for the modern student. i would not hesitate to recommend their services. 








information
for more information about our policies and employment opportunities








collaboration
do you have an idea? we can collaborate with your teams to make your ideas a reality.








contact
need more information about our services? contact us by phone or email





 









elearning educational solutions pty ltd © 2017 - 2025 | specialist vet training consultants, cutting edge teaching methods | elearning central coast



 











your nameemail

product name*select your package optionoption 1 $400option 2 $800option 3 $1500coupon total
$ 0.00

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 proceed to payment























 














































