









silirish fest - discussing singapore social escort topics













































			skip to content		



silirish fest – discussing singapore social escort topics

menu


home
about our team
contact
 




 







looking for social escorts for the girlfriend experience gfe – worth it? 

 

if you are looking for the girlfriend experience gfe without any strings attached, are social escorts worth your time and money? after all, paid companions or escorts are a popular way to make your trip to singapore or otherwise more interesting.
interviewing two different gentlemen on their experiences with singapore escorts
this article involves the interview of two different guys who have vast experience booking escorts as well as dating sugar babies in singapore, and so they are able to anonymously reply my questions with respect to this matter! therefore, if you are a singaporean guy thinking if you should book an escort girl or not for the girlfriend experience gfe, you will potentially get your answer right here!
jonathan’s story with 2-3 local escort girls back in 2019:
well, it depends on what you define as girlfriend experience. some define gfe as french kissing and stuff like that. others define it as the girl simply pretending ridiculously well as if she is your real girlfriend. others define it as somewhere in between.
the way i define it is the latter. if that is what you want, you can potentially get it from social escorts. however, it seems like not every provider is equally good, and i am not even referring to the agency or website. i am simply referring to the girl herself. they can come from the same escort website or directory, but are vastly different. while reviews cannot be easily found online in singapore due to the conservative nature of singapore, you can usually just ask the escort agency whom usually will tell you candidly which lady is available and is recommended with great reviews.
gary who meets both escorts and sugar babies in singapore:
it is all about who acts the best when it comes to these call girls. after all, if they are not your real girlfriend, they are probably just there for your money. it only depends on who can provide the service better. is it worth it? yes and yes if you have lots of money to spare. if you don’t, or if you will lose sleep over that money spent, then it won’t be worth it, as you will be judging way too hard.
if the amount spent on these social escorts is nothing but a tiny percent of your monthly income, then you will probably have a great time with them because you won’t be so stressed about the money and instead put the focus on enjoyment. i know friends who can’t really afford booking escorts on a regular basis really stress themselves out as a result of booking them, and then complaining to me about their bad experience last time, but i never had a single bad experience no matter the provider.


author  katie teoposted on june 23, 2020august 10, 2024 



why the truth in the singapore escorts industry may surprise you 

 

here are some common misconceptions about the social escorts industry in singapore which may surprise you. here is the truth about the escorts in singapore.
it is highly intelligent singaporean girls who work as and are popular as escorts
it is commonly perceived by typical singaporeans that it is ‘uneducated’ women who end up being escorts and are also the group being most sought after by male customers. however, the truth cannot be further away from that. in fact, ah lian or ‘uneducated’ singaporean girls are actually not popular with clients when it comes to escorts in reality and do not necessarily make up the majority of the escorts working in singapore. do you know who are the popular escort girls when it comes to customers choices? the educated ones. in fact, there is a further explanation of that here. most of the popular escorts of singapore are actually highly educated, eloquent and classy ladies – literally the type of women that make you go wow – and not a crass ah lian.
most working local escorts in singapore are more ‘normal’ than the most ‘normal’ girls you know
for some reason, many singaporeans think that the workers or service providers or girls are quite different from the girl next door. they think that these girls are either money-crazy or are just different from the other sg girls, and that is why they join an escort agency. not true at all. in fact, many of them are your girl next door or office colleague. they are more ‘normal’ than you may think. in fact, if you ever see that crazy party girl in your office and think that she’s an escort, chances are, you are wrong. it is probably the friendly and somewhat reserved office colleague of yours that is really moonlighting as a social escort.
contrary to popular belief, social escorts dress quite conservatively on normal days, and even during work
ever seen a really hot girl wearing slutty clothes in singapore walking down orchard road? yeah, chances are, she is not an escort.
see that hot but decently dressed model like girl but with girl next door vibes too at the same time? chances are much higher relatively that she is actually a social escort.
the most common singapore escort age range is actually 24 to 30
some people in sg think that the workers are usually either super young in their late teens, such as 18 years old or 19 years old, or are much older in their late 30s, but the truth is that these ladies are often in their mid to late 20s. that is the most common age group for those locals.


author  katie teoposted on june 17, 2020 



can social escorts be the key to stimulating singapore marriage rates? 

 

now, if you have just read the title, you must be scratching your head right now. how can social escorts or an escort agency possibly help improve the marriage rates in singapore? everyone knows that more singaporeans are staying single over the years and hence low marriages rates as reported by marriage agencies in singapore. even with the various marriage agencies in singapore, the percentage of singaporeans settling down are low. social escorts will probably only cause it to dwindle even more! not true, and here are the reasons why.
guys not ready for commitment can go for escorts and not waste a girl’s time
first up, if social escorts were more mainstream, those guys who just want the girlfriend experience but not the commitment can just go for these service providers instead, since they are doing it professionally. this will mean that those guys who are not serious about marriage will not be finding and dating sg girls who are actually looking for marriage, and hence freeing up these girls for guys who are serious about it. this is also why even very eligible and successful men look for escorts instead of dating ‘normally’.
many people in singapore are actually not dating seriously
if you think that singaporeans only date seriously, then think again. the truth is that in singapore, many singles have never dated with marriage in mind right from the get go! while this may come as a surprise to some, it is not to us.
fewer girls in singapore will be hurt over the long term due to player ex-boyfriends
second of all, one of the key reason why some people do not get into serious relationships is actually because of some kind or combination of bad past experience that they had with previous partners. some of these women get hurt emotionally, and when this happens often enough with different partners and relationships, these women may not want to date seriously again. however, if escorts are booked more often by these play boys, then these men can have fun with these service providers and escorts while not hurting innocent girls who are not expecting such potential heartbreaks!
everyone’s needs will be better met in this way
to put it simply, escorts and the girlfriend experience will help these men who still want to play around find their satisfaction and enjoyment, while women and men who are utterly serious about long term love relationships will be able to find each other easier instead, without charming playboys affecting these otherwise potentially beautiful relationships from happening! this way, everyone will remain happy, and singapore’s marriage rates may increase too!
we understand the above may be a very contrarian view, but that is what our blog is all about!


author  katie teoposted on march 18, 2020october 8, 2023 




read controversial topics in singapore with us



			search for:		



		search	



recent posts


looking for social escorts for the girlfriend experience gfe – worth it?


why the truth in the singapore escorts industry may surprise you


can social escorts be the key to stimulating singapore marriage rates?


 



home
about our team
contact
 

silirish fest – discussing singapore social escort topics
privacy policy











