











independent pr, social media & comms agency | citypress





































skip to content







home
about
work
services
sectors
careers
news
people
contact








we are citypress award-winning pr, social and creative communications













brand-defining communications for the uk’s most admired companies. 
combining deep sector experience with specialist skills, we build award-winning campaigns powered by data-driven insight, laser-focused strategy, original creative thinking and first-rate execution by our diverse team of employee-owners.
our goal – to ensure your brand is defended and defined in an ever-changing landscape of public opinion, earning recognition, trust and advocacy from the people you care about most.

read more






































our work




kellanova: revealing the future home of uk cereal production





purina: thank you pets campaign





arla: making dairy more accessible





lloyds banking group: inspiring entrepreneurs to take the leap





meadowhall: check your domes





brother uk: the meaningful meetings manifesto





molson coors: celebrating diversity





lifeshare: an alternative a/w collection







our services




we are trusted advisors to many of the country’s leading companies and brands. our proprietary reputation assessment profiling (rap) tool provides clients with a strategic audit of the perception of their organisation and clear direction to build reputation over time.
our consultants include ex-journalists and sector specialists, with deep experience in corporate brand building, reputation management, issues management and crisis communications.
together, we create integrated communications programmes that establish leadership for our clients and advocacy from the stakeholders that matter most.    

read more 











as one of the uk’s leading pr agencies, we bring together cultural expertise with sector specialism across a wide-range of consumer facing industries and brands. 
we develop creative campaigns that change conversations, helping clients own cultural moments, build brand equity and deliver commercial success.
from unique experiences, to influencer engagement, media relations to social impact, our team helps clients become famous through award-winning, brand-defining work.

read more 











as one of the uk’s leading pr agencies, we bring together specialist b2b pr teams that deliver strategic communication programmes and campaigns for many of the world’s best loved brands.
our consultants include ex-journalists and sector specialists, with deep experience in reputation management, brand building and integrated communications.
from creative ideas to crisis management, we help our clients educate, engage and inspire the audiences that matter most to create measurable lasting impact.

read more 











our award-winning social media team combines social strategists, videographers, designers, influencer managers, organic and paid specialists. 
together, we deliver creative campaigns that drive conversations and engagement across channels for some of the country’s most respected companies and brands.
with expertise across sectors, we help executives, companies and brands cut through the noise to build communities and engagement across social channels. 

read more 











navigating through an increasingly fragmented political and policy environment is essential for any business. our expert public affairs team blends first-hand knowledge of westminster and the devolved parliaments with a data-led focus on public opinion and the policy, media and business landscape.  
through this we help organisations build awareness, understanding and advocacy to enhance their reputation, protect their licence to operate and deliver meaningful impact.  

read more 











our specialist regional advocacy & intelligence unit helps brands and businesses engage across the regions and nations of the uk, connecting with political stakeholders, communicating their value to local economies and inspiring advocacy from the communities they serve.    
our award-winning research and analytics team provides detailed local intelligence and insights that support brand-defining regional campaigns and strategic influencer and grass-roots engagement programmes.    

read more 











our specialist financial communications team draws on decades of experience advising companies throughout the financial cycle. we bring award-winning financial research and analysis, strategic counsel and guidance from former journalists and in-house financial communications teams to help clients secure the support of investors, employees, regulators and other stakeholders.   
our experts consultants develop highly specialised programmes to build investor confidence around the financial calendar, report esg commitments effectively, and handle  esg reporting, m&a activity and or activist situations.

read more 











we connect companies and brands with influencers they can trust to build brand equity and drive commercial value. 
our hand-selected influencer engagement team is trained to use our unique ‘risk and match score’ methodology to identify the right influencers for our clients and create compelling campaigns with impact. 
we provide end-to-end influencer engagement services, from discovering and risk assessing partnerships to talent management and social media amplification. 

read more 











we partner with clients to understand the needs of their employees, helping them build award-winning cultures that make it easier to attract, retain and develop talent. 
our team brings together experts in internal communications, change management, recruitment marketing, employee advocacy training and development. 
and our award-winning measurement team allows clients to understand the value of their employee engagement programmes, to build even more effective campaigns in future.

read more 











our team of crisis and issues management experts help some of the uk’s biggest brandss protect their reputations and licences to operate. 
we bring together journalists, lobbyists, analysts, and crisis communications specialists to provide a holistic service to clients across all sectors. 
our experience includes supporting clients through restructuring and business change, managing product recalls, dealing with investigations, activist activity, m&a or cyber-attack response.

read more 











as a multi-amec award-winning team, we’re proud to help clients prove our work together is brand-defining and commercially impactful.   
we bring together campaign specialists, market researchers and data analysts, using the latest measurement systems and our proprietary rap tool to develop deep insights too. 
from market research and competitor auditing, to ongoing brand tracking, measurement and analytics, we are passionate about identifying actionable insights that inform communications strategies and prove roi.

read more 











our team of designers, illustrators and videographers help our clients tell stories that resonate and have impact. 
bringing to life the stories of some of the world’s leading brands, our specialist team are experts in end-to-end production, from storyboarding, pre-production planning and scripting to direction, design and post-production editing.

read more 
















insights and updates



infrastructure can deliver growth and more with community support
29th january 2025



citypress appoints innovation head to lead ai strategy
8th january 2025



labour’s uniform approach to devolution in a country which is anything but uniform
19th december 2024



read more news

















manchester

union
2-10 albert square
manchester
m2 6lw



london

uncommon
34-37 liverpool street
london
ec2m 7pp




social










edinburgh

3 melville crescent
edinburgh
eh3 7hw



birmingham

lewis building
35 bull street
birmingham
b4 6af





social






policy

terms & conditions
privacy & cookies




© city press services limited 2025








