











home | saint george greek orthodox church







































saint george greek orthodox church
st. paul, mn
home
about 
welcomephilanthropyfellowshipeducationcemetery plotsstrategic planchurch tourspatron saintparish historylinks

ministries 
bookstoreyouthchanterscamp programschoirchurch schooloffering breadeau claire missiongreek school
our faithcalendar
media 
mediasermons
newsgivecontact






welcome!we hope that you will make this your spiritual home. “therefore receive one another, just as christ also received us, to the glory of god.” romans 15:7learn more about our church



saint george greek orthodox church
metropolis of chicago




home
about


welcomephilanthropyfellowshipeducationcemetery plotsstrategic planchurch tourspatron saintparish historylinks


ministries


bookstoreyouthchanterscamp programschoirchurch schooloffering breadeau claire missiongreek school

our faithcalendar
media


mediasermons

newsgivecontact





















st. george greek orthodox chuch
























st. george greek orthodox chuch
our mission
st. george greek orthodox church is a christ-centered community that: inspires faith and worship, cultivates spiritual growth and fellowship, and encourages benevolence and outreach.

our vision
ascending together to the fullness of life.

news



intro to orthodox christianity
december 11, 2024
click the link to learn more about our upcoming intro to orthodox christianity catechism course! read more »





iconography class
december 10, 2024
click the link to learn more about our upcoming icon class at st. george! read more »



view more news »

glad tidings newsletter
click here to see the most recent edition of the glad tidings newsletter.








audio information for the visually impaired



 


streaming


upcoming events

monday, february 17
+st. theodore of tyre

6:30 pmparish council meeting

7 pmcatechism #6 - church i: birth, mission, structure



tuesday, february 18
6 pmicon class



wednesday, february 19
+fast day

1:30 pmonline daytime bible study (via zoom only)



view our full calendar »


 
 
 
 

fellowship hour
click here to sign up to host an upcoming fellowship (coffee) hour.



 
 
 




give online


sunday schedule
orthros 8:15am, divine liturgy 9:30amchurch school: after holy communionfellowship hour: following divine liturgy

confession: by appointment

office hours
tuesdays, wednesdays, & thurdays: 10:00 am - 3:00 pm


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 

online chapel
online chapel saints, feasts, and readings for 02/17/2025theodore the tyro, great martyrtoday's readingsst. paul's second letter to timothy 2:1-10luke 20:46-47; 21:1-4saints and feasts commemoratedtheodore the tyro, great martyr; mariamne, sister of apostle philip, and equal to the apostles; righteous auxentius; the pious rulers marcian and pulcheria; theodore the new martyr of byzantium; hermogenes (germogen), patriarch of moscowvisit the online chapel for more daily readings, hymns, a monthly calendar of saints and feasts, and more.
 
 







saint george greek orthodox church
1111 summit avenue, st. paul, mn 55105phone: (651) 222-6220 | email us



parish calendar
worship schedule
give




new to orthodoxy
get directions









powered by the department of internet ministries of the greek orthodox archdiocese of america








