


redundancy help - redundant




























"independent 
        redundancy help" - established since 2000


search our site:


 












sponsored 
              links 











 
 






 
  

 














where 
                am i -    redundancy 
                help home page 


 




welcome to redundancy help 2015
news: 
have you just been made redundant? do you need help and advice? our specialist employment law is offering free legal advice. click here to contact philip and discuss your requirements  
redundancy can be a difficult time for many people. we have a comprehensive article that gives you a complete overview of the redundancy process. click here to read more 
statutory redundancy pay is currently set at £475 per week as of february 2015
if you have recently been made redundant then you have come to the best place to get information on redundancy, redundancy pay, no win no fee employment law advice etc. the site is full of information to help you survive what is, for many, a very unpleasant time. 
 
hundreds of people suffer personal injuries every day in the uk, and many are unsure whether or not they are entitled to make a compensation claim. with the no win no fee system, it is simple to make accident claims, whiplash claims or work accident claims to get any compensation you deserve.

out of work due to an injury caused by an accident at work? you could be entitled to accident at work compensation.   many people who have been seriously injured at work, leaving them out   of employment, are not aware that they could claim compensation for loss   of earnings. it is important that a specialist compensation claim solicitor is employed to ensure the maximum claim is achieved. contact compensation claim today to find out if you can claim.

redundancy - an overview:
in this day and age it seems that  redundancy has become part of our natural working lives. long gone are the days  when you started as an apprentice and went on to stay with the same company for  years often most of your working life. today redundancy materialises as every  job and position is liable to be terminated at any moment. it is a scary  situation to be in and one which the younger generation are going to have to  face on a regular basis, but also with expectation. even careers where you used  to feel relatively safe such as nursing or the forces are now subject to  redundancy, cutbacks or reapplying for your position, where your once seemly  safe job has been re packaged.

  redundancy help offers those who  face redundancy with advice and support which unfortunately so often their own  companies do not.  companies which are  aware of their corporate image/ brand and are interested in protecting their  goodwill will often bring in, or make available companies which specialise in  this area. the official name for redundancy assistance is outplacement; it is  job counselling, giving advice about where you can find assistance with a new  career, training, or indeed financial assistance. redundancy help  offers this career transition service free of charge in a very comprehensive  site which is easily accessible and which has current information to help you  get back on your feet.

  one of the first aspects of  redundancy is often the initial shock “it is the job which is made redundant  not you”. i’ve written that statement on this website many times, and it is  true but it doesn’t feel like it when it happens to you. it does feel personal  whatever anyone says, and when you look around at your work colleagues you  can’t help but think why me?

          remaining positive when redundancy  looms can be difficult as the job market can seem a daunting one to enter if  you have been employed with the same company for many years. however, it does  not need to be, redundancy help has pages of advice and ideas about cv  writing, interview techniques, psychometric testing and other  avenues you might like to consider. if your company has decided to give you  prior notice of the redundancies, this can give you the opportunity to plan for  it in a more positive way; you can give much more thought to your options  rather than just being sent a text ( it does happen!) to let you know you have  been made redundant effective immediately.

          change is often seen as something  which is not beneficial; many of us enjoy our routines even if we do complain  about them. we like getting up at a certain time leaving for work and knowing  what is expected of us when we get to work. we like to plan our futures, our  hobbies, nights out and romantic dinners or look forward to going away on  holiday. all these expectations and this lifestyle can be disrupted in one  meeting, your life and or that of your family can change. at these times you  can either panic or plan, redundancy help can offer support with either. you  may have planned for income protection to safeguard your home and a proportion  of your income in the form of redundancy insurance or you may be planning early retirement. you may not have,  either way sitting down with your family and prioritising and planning your  next step is the most proactive action you can take. that sounds odd but there  are a great many people who find it very difficult to even talk about  redundancy let alone admit they have been made redundant. it is a difficult  time but it is often at these times when you see a family all pull together. if  more people know you are to be made redundant you have more eyes looking out  for new opportunities. social networking may sound like something alien to many  older people but todays  workforce use  this to their advantage, word goes round much faster when you twitter and you  can put out feelers to all your friends on facebook to see if they have heard  of any vacancies. redundancy is not always bad it can be a time for a new  beginning, retraining or a career transition. you may decide to start your  own online business, turn your hobby into a career take early retirement all avenues need to be explored it is just a new beginning.

          when the company you work for  intends to make you redundant there are specific steps they need to abide. it  is a good idea that you are aware of your redundancy rights, and that  the right redundancy process is being followed by the firm. you will  want to know about your statutory redundancy payments as well as looking  at a redundancy calculator which will give you an idea of your redundancy  payment due
your employer must give  you a written statement showing how you have calculated your final payment this  is usually given to you before or when you are receive your final pay packet.

  when making redundancies the  human resources department of the company have to abide by certain criteria;  this same criteria needs to be applied to all who are facing redundancy and it  cannot be preferential to a certain member of the team because they are a  “friend or relative” of the boss. this form of treatment falls under the unfair  dismissal umbrella and can be fought by an employment law solicitor. if you  feel you have been unfairly dismissed you can seek a free initial  consultation with our redundancy help solicitor who is an employment law  specialist. alternatively you may like to seek help from cab citizen advice  bureau and they will be able to put you in touch with a reputable law firm.

redundancy help is here to assist  you at this time, please feel free to bookmark the site so you can have the  site on tap for advice and support or to check any details or contacts which  you may need. other resources can be found at www.redundancy-help.co.uk 
if you feel you would like to contact us with any ideas on how we  can improve the website to support you click here to contact us.
popular topics on this site:
what is redundancy

redundancy pay




will i receive a redundancy payment?
what are the payments?
when will i receive my redundancy pay?
what is my “calculations” date?
what a week's pay means
non payment of redundancy pay
redundancy pay entitlement 
do i need to make a claim for a payment?
is statutory redundancy pay taxable?
further information on redundancy pay
what about my pension? 

tax:

completing your tax return
tax on job seekers' allowance
tax on relocation packages
when are redundancy payments not tax free?
an alternative to redundancy payments?
on your return to employment

early retirement:

steps to consider for early retirement 


redundancy payment calculator: calculate what you are entitled to using our redundancy payment calculator 

over  50? looking for advice on pensions, redundancy, job hunting, health  and retirement then visit www.plusfity.co.uk

redundancy payment offices: the redundancy payments directorate will deal with  your rp1 form more rapidly if you send it to the correct office. get the redundancy payment offices details here

"are you being bullied at work? victim of sex discrimination?" a new site has just been launched called office chat.  click here for 
            more info...... 


services: 
              the services we currently offer are: 

legal advice 
equality law 
compromise 
              agreements
statutory maternity pay
sexual harassment in the workplace  



 



search the web




 








 





back 
        to top 

 




navigation



 what 
                is redundancy?
 redundancy 
                pay
 redundancy calculator
 top surviving tips 
 jsa
 site 
                  map 
 jobs
 cv 
                    help 
 management 
                  info 
 money 
                  information 
 your 
                  rights
 counselling

 debt 
                  advice
 training
 contact 
                  us
 book 
                  shop 
 press 
                  info






advertisement





useful links

hospital help
office chat




 


 















copyright 
        © program it (uk) ltd 2000 to 2015
advertise 
        | terms & conditions
| disclaimer| 
        privacy policy| 
        top of page 






