



	the brandywine museum of art shop - artfully inspired gifts






























filter



clear all






























special exhibitionfeaturedtell me a story where the bad girl winsrobert frank and todd webb: across america, 1955andrew wyeth | up eastpast exhibition: jamie wyeth | unsettledandrew wyethfeaturedart reproductionsframed art reproductionsinspired giftsbooks & cataloguesstationeryjamie wyethfeaturedart reproductionsframed art reproductionsinspired giftsbooks & cataloguesstationeryn. c. wyethfeaturedart reproductionsinspired giftsbooks & cataloguesstationeryart reproductionsfeaturedlimited edition reproductionsn.c. wyeth reproductionsandrew wyeth reproductionsjamie wyeth reproductionsselected artists' reproductionsbooksfeaturedexhibitions cataloguesandrew wyeth booksn.c. wyeth booksjamie wyeth bookswyeth family booksart history booksillustrated children's booksgardening/nature bookstoys & activitiesfeaturedadult activitieskids activities & toysbrandywine exclusivesfeaturedbrandywine giftsbrandywine mugsbrandywine booksbrandywine stationerybrandywine magnetsseasonalfeaturedspring 2025brandywine gift cardsjewelry



shopping cart login

special exhibitionfeaturedtell me a story where the bad girl winsrobert frank and todd webb: across america, 1955andrew wyeth | up eastpast exhibition: jamie wyeth | unsettledandrew wyethfeaturedart reproductionsframed art reproductionsinspired giftsbooks & cataloguesstationeryjamie wyethfeaturedart reproductionsframed art reproductionsinspired giftsbooks & cataloguesstationeryn. c. wyethfeaturedart reproductionsinspired giftsbooks & cataloguesstationeryart reproductionsfeaturedlimited edition reproductionsn.c. wyeth reproductionsandrew wyeth reproductionsjamie wyeth reproductionsselected artists' reproductionsbooksfeaturedexhibitions cataloguesandrew wyeth booksn.c. wyeth booksjamie wyeth bookswyeth family booksart history booksillustrated children's booksgardening/nature bookstoys & activitiesfeaturedadult activitieskids activities & toysbrandywine exclusivesfeaturedbrandywine giftsbrandywine mugsbrandywine booksbrandywine stationerybrandywine magnetsseasonalfeaturedspring 2025brandywine gift cardsjewelry





bx2019-1


















new arrivals

america and other myths$55.00add to cartandrew wyeth at kuerner farm exhibition catalogue$50.00add to carttell me a story where the bad girl wins$45.00add to cartvery funny ladies: the new yorkers women cartoonists$31.95add to cartandrew wyeth in chadds ford boxed notecard set | new!$19.95add to cartraven socks | jamie wyeth$14.95add to cartartful blooms puzzle$14.99add to cartaugust sandstone coaster | george weymouth$12.95add to cart

brandywine favorites

christina's world jigsaw puzzle | andrew wyeth$29.95add to cartflying point 12"x12" art reproduction$15.00add to cartisland funeral reproduction — n.c. wyeth$35.00add to cartbefore mowing 12x16 reproduction | george weymouth$19.95add to cartbirding reproduction — jamie wyethfree shipping$110.00add to cartdog under lilacs in a downpour reproduction — jamie wyethfree shipping$110.00add to cartpeonies in june 12"x16" reproduction | mary page evans$19.95add to cartpeonies in june bookmark$12.95add to cart






label





 continue shopping
 checkout


























shipping and return policy


privacy policy 


online security 






































 hosted ecommerce site terms of service

v12.9.12.31573
 close


                        
                            the operator of this site (“operator”) has built this site with tam intelliware, a division of lode data systems, inc. (“lds”).  as host of the site, lds will have access to personal data and information that is collected by or provided to the site.   lds will manage all such data according to its privacy policy in order to protect the privacy of your information, and lds provides access to the site according to its terms of service.  by using the site, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by our terms of service and our privacy policy.  if you do not agree, please do not access or use the site.
                            

                            the content of the site is provided by operator, and any purchase, agreement, communication, or other transaction you engage in via the site is solely between you and operator.  tam is not responsible for the delivery or quality of any goods or services sold or advertised through this site.  any opinions or views expressed on this site do not necessarily reflect those of tam, and tam does not review, verify, endorse, or otherwise vouch for the content of this site, nor is tam in any way responsible for the content of this site.  tam will not be held liable for any loss, damage, or other claim arising as a result of your use of this site.  tam and its licensors disclaim any warranty of title or any other warranties for any of operator’s offering(s) or any third party product(s).  please see the terms of service for additional limitations and exclusions.
                            
02/19/2025 08:23:46 am


 close









 privacy policy
 close








privacy policy
information collection and use
tam retail is the sole owner of information collected on this site. we will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties, except as outlined in this policy. we collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations and order status updates. information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number. we also require you to submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information. to safeguard that your user name and password remain confidential, do not share this information with anyone. if you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items. we allow third-party companies to collect non-personally identifiable information when customers visit our site. these companies typically use a cookie or web beacon to collect this information in order to provide advertisements likely to be of interest to you.
registration
in order to process your orders placed on this website, you must first complete the registration form. during registration, you will be required to provide your contact information, which includes your name, e-mail address, telephone number and street address. this information is used to provide you with important tam retail services such as automated order status updates via e-mail.
order
most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders. during the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or check information. this information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. if we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. to properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. this process is protected by an enhanced security system. see the security section below for more details on security measures and procedures. we do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties, except those specified in the sharing section of this policy.
cookies
we customize certain web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our cookie. if you choose to reject the cookie, you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise. the tam retail shopping cart cannot function without cookies enabled so that the necessary information to process your order is retained. if you disable cookies, tam retail will be unable to accept your online order. we will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party. we will, however, link data stored in cookies to the personally identifiable information you submitted while on our site. this allows us to personalize your shopping experience and discern user preferences to evoke subconscious feelings of familiarity and assurance.


this privacy statement covers the use of cookies by tam retail only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.


log files
we use ip addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. we do not link ip addresses to personally identifiable information, and we do not distribute or share ip information with any third parties.
sharing
we may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. these functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. the third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes. 
we may frame or mask another website so that the look, feel and interface simulate the experience of browsing a genuine tam retail web page. extreme care and discretion is exercised when evaluating third party sites. we only brand third party sites if their organization applies stringent security and privacy practices which parallel our own commitment to safe online shopping.
as our business continues to evolve, we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries. customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions. in such a situation, your personally identifiable information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing privacy notice.
we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
testimonials
the testimonials section of the tam retail website is for the purpose of sharing positive experiences. the testimonials section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials. published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by tam retail. tam retail reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion.
by posting your comment(s) or testimonial(s) ("testimonial") on our website, you give us permission to reprint or use the testimonial in connection with our business. you also are agreeing to the following: (1) the reprint or use of the testimonial will be at our discretion and without compensation; (2) we may use the testimonial with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit; (3) our right to use the testimonial is perpetual and may be assigned by us; (4) we may use the testimonial locally, nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including internet advertising) currently in use or later developed; and (5) you and not someone else composed and posted the testimonial.
other than your pseudo (pen) name, which we may or may not use, your personal contact information will not be disclosed in connection with our reprint or use of your testimonial.
children
tam retail does not sell products for purchase by children. youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only. if you are under the age of 18, you may only use tam retail in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian. we will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the internet from children under the age of 13. tam retail is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children.
links
this website contains links to other sites. please be aware that tam retail is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.








 close









 security
 close









 close









 shipping and return policy
 close




shipping
order processing
all orders are processed monday through friday. orders placed after 9 am (est) or over the weekend will process the next business day - this includes orders with expedited shipping.if an expedited delivery is chosen, and the order is placed before 9 am (est) monday through friday (excluding holidays), the order will be prioritized and will be delivered within the expected processing/shipping time-frame.when your order ships you will receive an email confirmation with your tracking number. once an order ships, we are unable to update delivery addresses or timing of delivery. severe weather conditions during transit may cause delays in delivery.
shipping policies
only orders to valid physical addresses are accepted. we do not deliver to po boxes.our shipping prices are based on the fedex cost calculation using the item/package weight and distance shipped.shipments outside of the contiguous u.s., express delivery, and over-sized items will incur additional charges.

return policy
we have a 30-day return or exchange policy. if for any reason you are not satisfied with your purchase, please return the merchandise to us in its original condition within 30 days of delivery.exclusions: limited editions, multimedia, calendars, posters, and earrings are non-returnable unless defective. a refund or exchange will be issued for items returned, excluding shipping charges. all returns must be accompanied with a receipt/invoice.please inspect your order upon delivery. if your merchandise arrives damaged, please contact us at 610.388.8326 or receiving@brandywine.org within five business days for instructions. if emailing, please include photographs if possible.returned items should be shipped securely to the following address at the customer's expense:brandywine river museum of artattention: returns1 hoffman's mill rdchadds ford, pa 19317

gift returns & restrictions
merchandise received as a gift that was purchased on brandywinemuseumshop.org may be returned in exchange for a gift card, redeemable at our museum store. if you do not live in the area, please contact us at 610.388.8326.




 close








sorry, your browser is not supported.


unfortunately, internet explorer can no longer accurately display current web technology. please navigate to this site using the latest version of chrome, firefox, safari, edge, or opera.












