




hunting tv show - deer hunting show - hunting television




























































a-way hunting products 





outdoor invention consulting & submissions
great lakes rock jewelry by greg




products

a-way outdoors invention consulting and submission services
all products
— deer
— turkey
— scents
— dvds
— decals
— apparel
product videos
shopping cart
checkout
my account


invention consulting & submission services
need a speaker?
closeout cabin
great lakes jewels – rock jewelry by greg
about us
contact us

 







greg's 2017 bow success
fred's bow success

 in stock for the 2023 season
greg uses turkey decoy wraps to seal the deal on this gobbler





homepage
welcome
greg abbas and fred abbas
welcome to a-way hunting products & outdoor invention consulting and submissions. owners greg and fred abbas are dedicated to you the everyday outdoor enthusiast. we’ll do what it takes to keep you informed, successful and happy with our line of products and/or will work tirelessly to help you achieve your goals with your invention(s).
many blessings!

featured products
 

synthetic smart scrape™ – the ultimate all-season deer scent
$12.99
add to cart



synthetic desire™ – the ultimate long-lasting estrus doe urine for deer hunting
$12.99
add to cart



desire tmrated 5.00 out of 5
$12.99
add to cart



smart scrape tm
$12.99
add to cart





recent news
“master the deadly art of mock scrapes”"master the deadly art of mock scrapes"

 

many of you readers are aware that my son greg and i are inventors. we invent hunting products and we invent hunting tactics. we own a-way hunting products and a-way outdoors invention consulting. the vast … morebegin mock scrapes now!now is the time to start your mock scrapes. there is no hunting tactic more deadly than mock scrapes. consider this, mock scrapes and real scrapes are simply a form of communication between deer, but to a smart deer hunter there is no other sign in the woods … moreavailable now synthetic and real urine scentsdesire and smart scrape  (made from real doe urines) are now available made only with synthetics.

all deer urines are created equal, despite claims made by marketers. most companies in this industry probably buy the urine from the same supplier. none have … morei have an idea!!! 

 
by tracy breen
 

if you are a hunter or angler, at some point in your life you have probably had an idea for a hunting or fishing-related product that you thought would sell well.  often your idea of a lifetime never becomes more … moreinventors an endangered speciesyears ago when we formed a-way hunting products our whole product line consisted of just a few turkey calls until we invented a new type of deer call, the bowgrunter.  during these early learning years we discovered very few of the major box store chains … more
our facebook wall

a-way hunting products



upcoming events
 no upcoming events
aec v1.0.4
view full calendar

 a-way hunting products, inc.
3230 calhoun rd
p.o. box 492
beaverton, mi 48612

 989.435.3879 
contact us
website by erdody studios

 










products▼a-way outdoors invention consulting and submission servicesall products— deer— turkey— scents— dvds— decals— apparelproduct videosshopping cartcheckoutmy accountinvention consulting & submission servicesneed a speaker?closeout cabingreat lakes jewels – rock jewelry by gregabout uscontact us 





 



























