





marmon mok architecture 











































 














menu







our work

services
expertise
on the boards


about us

people
culture
awards
testimonials


news

current news


contact

careers
connect with us


 































university health women's & children's hospital









 






txdot stassney campus









 






utsa roadrunner athletics center for excellence









 






henry b. gonzález convention center









 






tobin center for the performing arts









 






texas organ sharing alliance corporate headquarters









 






southwest isd aquatic center









 






bexar county public works - mission reach office building









 






clarity child guidance center









 






christa mcauliffe middle school










 








 
































news





 



mocha mousse: the warm, grounding color defining 2025

at marmon mok, we explore the seamless integration of pantone’s color of the year 2025, mocha mousse, across different spaces—enhancing interiors through rich textures, statement pieces, and complementary palettes.









 



denise dart promoted to associate partner

marmon mok architecture proudly announces denise dart’s promotion to associate partner.




view more news


project spotlight



 

university health retama community hospital

					marmon mok | esa | wsp (an association) san antonio, texas the university health retama community hospital in northeast san antonio represents a transformative approach to healthcare delivery in underserved areas. as one of two facilities developed by the county-owned healthcare system, the hospital addresses critical gaps in access to medical services for the growing population in this region. the hospital, master-planned on 43 acres, is meticulously planned to accommodate…				




 

announcements






marmon mok named a winner in the 2024 iida healthcare design awards
more







gopinath akalkotkar joins marmon mok architecture as principal
more







women’s and children’s hospital achieves leed gold certification
more







2024 iida imagine that spotlight 210 1st place 3,000 sf and over
more




 
 















										1020 ne loop 410, suite 201
san antonio, texas 78209
210-223-9492									



										900 east 6th street, suite 105
austin, texas 78702
512-687-3423									



				design. done.
				

 
 
 




				design. done.
				

 
 
 



subscribe to our newsletter









manage cookie consent






we use cookies to optimize our website and our service.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
preferences
save preferences
preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent









