








home - gappa - georgia chapter of appa


























































home
vendor information & registration
membership

membership
meeting minutes
appa


about

about
history
board members
newsletters
faq
contact


career center

job postings
workshops


scholarships

cefp


 


select page


  
 
 















gappa 2025 annual meeting and tradeshow, may 24-28, 2025








exhibitor/sponsor registration business partners, don’t miss this opportunity to display your wares and network with representatives from over 40 universities, colleges, k-12, and other public institutions. we value our sponsors and realize that it is with your help support our association has attained recognition for its progress at both the regional and national levels.
exhibitor/sponsor registration packet

exhibitor/sponsor registration
exhibitor/sponsor registration



call for programsgappa invites you to submit a program presenting solutions for improvement, sharing of best practices, or innovative approaches relevant to facilities professionals throughout the educational community.
our goal for programming is to meet the needs and interests of professionals and decision makers representing all aspects of educational facilities operations in public and private institutions throughout our educational community: universities, colleges, community colleges and k-12. proposals will provide a program that offers innovative, comprehensive, and diversetreatment of issues facing facilities professionals.
call for programs







scholarship opportunity for appa's supervisor's toolkitappa’s supervisor’s toolkit training is a week of training specifically designed for facilities management professionals, and is being offered at a location near you. the training is structured to help supervisors grow both personally and professionally. it is a fantastic program for rising professionals.
click here for more info!








appa upcoming webinars!







stay up to date

choose the subscription option that best suits your needs. you will receive newsletters, updates, and important announcements for our annual meeting. your information will be kept secure.





vendor subscription



institutional employee subscription



 























