





traditions doll collection wholesale website











home
our dolls
search
view cart
wholesale terms
shop our site
sitemap
















doll categories :

new dolls
native american
cowboys/cowgirls
dream catchers
eskimo dolls
lady dolls
vinyl baby dolls
porcelain baby
character dolls
fairy/angel dolls
ballerina/mermaid
other categories






















 traditionsâ® doll collection
wholesale web site!








  


new dollswe are always adding great new styles to our line. we have new porcelain and vinyl dolls now in stock and available for shipping. please check them out. 
porcelain native american* dollsporcelain native american dolls are one of the hottest categories in the business, and we have the largest selection in our history. doll sizes range from 10'' to 36.'' dream catchers are also hot. 
cowboys and cowgirlswe have expanded our selection of cowboys and cowgirls. these wonderfull dolls are quick sellers. 
porcelain eskimo dollseskimo porcelain dolls are a great seller for your gift shop. we offer a great selection at great prices. 
porcelain lady dollsporcelain lady dolls are a great addition to any in store display. with various styles available, this is a great selling category. 
baby dolls in vinyl  and porcelainbaby dolls are gaining popularity and are selling fast. we have a cute selection of vinyl baby dolls for all occasions. we also have porcelain baby dolls 
porcelain character dollsgive your doll display a sparkle with porcelain character dolls. these fun dolls are a hit with many collectors, and add great color to your in store display. 
porcelain fairy  and angel dollsanother great category is porcelain angel dolls. this classic doll style sells thru very well and remains very popular. fairy dolls are a great addition to any in store display. 
porcelain ballerina  and mermaid dollsporcelain ballerina and mermaid dolls come in many styles and colors. this doll category is especially popular with our younger doll collectors. 
other category methodsall dolls of color, as well as porcelain dolls by price point, and dolls by wholesale catalog page are included in this category. 








 wholesale terms
minimum wholesale order is $150.00
			first order terms are check or credit card.
			following orders may be extended 30 days with four
			credit references and name of their bank. 











 our products are not indian produced or an indian product as defined by 25 usc 305 et. seq
  copyright 2002-2014 traditionsâ® doll collection
  






