


20 second timeout






















	20 second timeout
	


20 second timeout is the place to find the best analysis and commentary about the nba.





monday, february 17, 2025



	 
	 the 2025 nba legends brunch honors oscar robertson, gary payton, and rick barry, and features a panel discussion with run tmc
	 
    
the legends brunch is the most meaningful and special nba all-star weekend event; it is important to acknowledge and honor the people who built the sport. i had the privilege of covering the legends brunch in person from 2005-2010, and every year that was the highlight of all-star weekend for me, along with attending the aba reunions in 2005 and 2006. ernie johnson is the perfect host for the legends brunch, and he consistently hits the right notes in terms of when to be serious and when to be humorous. this year ends tnt's four decades of covering the nba, and during his traditional legends brunch poem johnson expressed gratitude for tnt's long run, and appreciation to the production crew behind the scenes that makes sure everything runs smoothly.nba commissioner adam silver presented the lifetime achievement award to oscar robertson. silver called robertson "a man of dignity, character, and respect." during a tribute video for robertson, john havlicek said that robertson is the best player he ever played against, quite a statement from a hall of famer who spent 16 nba seasons playing against many of the greatest players of all-time, including elgin baylor, wilt chamberlain, 
jerry west, kareem abdul-jabbar, and julius erving. abdul-jabbar, who played with and against robertson, termed robertson a "pioneer in the game of basketball."during his acceptance speech, robertson emphasized that his guiding thought has always been, "situations in life should be as fair as possible." robertson said that this principle impacted both how he played the game--keeping his teammates involved--and how he worked to represent the players' interests when he served as the president of the players association from 1965-74; his friends jack twyman and tommy heinsohn persuaded him to accept the latter role, and robertson was one of the "nba 14" who filed a lawsuit that paved the way for the huge guaranteed salaries that today's nba players take for granted. robertson, archie clark, dave bing, dave cowens, and dave debusschere later founded the national basketball retired players association (nbrpa). robertson said that as a player and as a retired player he sought to partner with the nba team owners as opposed to having an adversarial relationship with them. robertson thanked chris paul for his role with the players association to help the retired players finally obtain health insurance in 2016. recalling the legends brunch's humble beginnings, robertson looked at the large assembled audience and concluded, "this is magnificent!"damian lillard presented the hometown hero award to gary payton. lillard is a bay area native who said that when he was a kid he was inspired by payton, who was already an established nba player. payton said that he is sad that his mother and father did not live long enough to see this moment. he acknowledged that other bay area natives--including jason kidd, antonio davis, and brian shaw--could have received the honor instead of him. payton emphasized the importance of giving back to the community, mentioning that the reason that he took the head coaching job at college of alameda is that he seeks to positively influence the community, particularly the young people.  stephen curry introduced the program's always poignant "in memoriam" segment. he spoke briefly about jerry west, 
bill walton, dikembe mutombo, and al attles. then, a video tribute accompanied by live music honored other legends who passed away within the past year. i was a philadelphia 76ers fan growing up, so three names in particular caught my attention and brought back memories: pat williams (the general manager who built the 76ers' 1983 championship team), joe "jellybean" bryant (kobe's father, who played for the 76ers from 1975-79), and harold katz (the 76ers' majority owner from 1981-1996).julius erving, the nba all-star game mvp in 1977 and 1983 and an all-nba first team member for the 76ers' 1983 championship team, presented the legend of the year award to rick barry, who spent nine of his 14 professional seasons playing in the bay area (eight during two separates stints with the warriors, plus one with the aba's oakland oaks). erving said that barry is "as iconic for his scoring ability as for his style" and that barry was "a player ahead of his time." erving added that barry, who is six years older than he is, "was one of my heroes, and
 he is still one of my heroes." erving noted that barry shared the proceeds from his 1967 all-star game mvp award with his teammates, inspiring him to do the same thing. erving mentioned how often he and barry spent time together, including going to israel, coaching in the "big three," and doing spalding commercials. during the tribute video to barry, one of the clips showed barry saying that he wanted every game to come down to the last 10 seconds with the ball in his hands. barry also declared that you play the game to be a champion.after barry joined erving on stage, barry mentioned that his speech was supposed to last just four minutes, and he scoffed that asking him to limit his remarks that way is like asking him to only take 10 shots in a game because he would just be warming up by that point. barry said that he feels an "extreme sense of gratitude" for receiving the legend of the year award. he looked around the crowd, and singled out several people from his journey, including his wife lynn, who he credited for helping him mellow out during the past 34 years. he also mentioned his oldest son scooter, who was born just a few months before he won the 1967 all-star game mvp. barry pointed out clifford ray, the starting center on golden state's 1975 championship team, and he said that there is "no one in the world i would rather run the pick and roll with." barry recalled that his father once told him "the older you get the faster the years go by," and he said that those words have proven to be true. barry reflected on it feels to be an octogenarian, and he reminisced about the 1967 nba all-star game. barry did not mention that he scored a game-high 38 points on 16-27 field goal shooting, but he focused on the overall talent level present in that contest and how competitive the players were. barry mentioned that 13 of the 20 1967 nba all-stars are on the nba's 50 greatest players list; that group includes pantheon members elgin baylor, wilt chamberlain, oscar robertson, bill russell, and jerry west. barry recalled that east coach red auerbach was ejected. it is also worth noting that the east attempted 37 free throws and the west attempted 26 free throws in a 135-120 west win. the concept of the league's best players playing hard, playing defense, and committing fouls in an all-star game is unimaginable to a generation of players who have been led astray on all-star weekend by lebron james, kevin durant, and stephen curry (as correctly emphasized by sirius xm nba radio host brian geltzeiler during the saturday morning show that he hosts with sam mitchell).barry said that he can't stand load management and he mentioned that he hated blowouts during his playing career because his minutes would be limited in such games. barry still misses playing because he loves to compete, and he said that the nba should add a designated free throw shooter rule so that he can make a comeback (barry led the league in free throw shooting seven times, and currently ranks eighth in career free throw percentage at .893). barry's competitive fire is limited these days to fly fishing and pickleball.the legends brunch concluded with a panel discussion with run tmc hosted by bob costas. ernie johnson introduced the discussion by saying that he always wanted to be like costas but never quite measured up. costas returned the compliment by noting that johnson had carved his own path as one of the best of all-time. tim hardaway, mitch richmond, and chris mullin only spent two years together as golden state teammates (1989-91) but during that short time they formed lifelong friendships while etching a permanent place in the hearts of fans who fondly recall their on court exploits. the trio's name--a play on words combining the first letters of each of their first names along with the name of legendary rap group run dmc--was chosen as a result of a fan voting contest. during the panel discussion, mullin noted that he had "seniority" and knew as soon as he heard that option that it was by far the best one. mullin, who is from brooklyn, went to high school with run dmc founding member darryl mcdaniels.  the trio's short tenure ended when coach don nelson traded richmond for billy owens. costas recalled that nelson later called the deal a "no brainer--i had no brain when i made the trade." the warriors reached the second round of the playoffs in run tmc's final season together and they did not advance that far in the postseason again until 2007, when nelson--during his second stint with the franchise--coached the "we believe" squad that upset the number one seeded dallas mavericks. the players were understandably upset that nelson broke up their trio, but mullin noted that nelson "was a visionary" who played small ball and exploited matchup advantages in unconventional ways that he learned during his playing days with the boston celtics when the celtics had a fast team featuring the relatively undersized dave cowens at center. mullin also praised al attles for being a mentor to everyone in the warriors organization, and he spoke about how much he cherished the "brotherhood" that he shared with hardaway and richmond through good times and bad times. mullin said that he felt like he never had an athletic advantage at any level during his basketball career, so he had to rely on his teammates to help him. hardaway said that mullin is way too modest, noting that mullin was a three-time big east player of the year during the big east's glory years. hardaway said that mullin's work ethic and superior conditioning set a great example for him and for richmond. hardaway gave a shout out to archie clark as the inventor of the 
crossover move that hardaway made famous as the "utep two step" or 
"killer crossover." richmond is the most soft-spoken of the trio, but he told a funny story about receiving some trash talk from hardaway after he had a poor shooting night and then returning the favor a short while later after hardaway had an even worse shooting night--0-17 from the field in a december 27, 1991 game versus minnesota. hardaway emphasized that the warriors won that game anyway, and then he had a big performance in his next game (30 points on 13-21 field goal shooting as the warriors beat the lakers).the 2025 nba legends brunch hit the ball out of the park (to use a mixed metaphor), but here is one suggestion for the 2026 edition: resume giving out the bob lanier community impact award, named in honor of the hall of fame center who played for detroit and milwaukee. that award was first presented to pau gasol at the 2023 nba legends brunch, and then jalen rose received the award last year, presented by 
hall of famer dave bing. it is not clear why that award was not presented this year. lanier devoted his post-playing career to community service and to encouraging players to participate in community service, and his legacy deserves to be honored and remembered. selected previous nba legends recaps:the 2024 nba legends brunch honors tamika catchings, jalen rose, reggie miller, and larry bird while also featuring aba panel discussion (2024) nba legends brunch honors bill russell, karl malone, john stockton, and pau gasol (2023)jerry west gives powerful speech after being honored as nba legend of the year (2022)legends brunch honors alonzo mourning, five great mavs (2010)nba legends brunch honors phoenix' rich basketball history (2009)king james reigns in houston (2006 nba all-star weekend) labels: chris mullin, damian lillard, gary payton, julius erving, mitch richmond, nba all-star weekend, nba legends brunch, oscar robertson, rick barry, tim hardaway

posted by david friedman @ 10:24 am
0 comments
 




sunday, february 16, 2025



	 
	 cavaliers, herro, and mcclung take the all-star saturday night trophies
	 
    
nba all-star saturday night is not likely to ever recapture the glamour of its glory years, an era from the 1980s to the early 2000s when pantheon members julius erving, larry bird, michael jordan, and kobe bryant competed against other hall of famers. the first official slam dunk contest took place at halftime of the 1976 aba all-star game, and four of the five participants became hall of fame inductees: julius erving (the winner), david thompson, george gervin, and artis gilmore (the fifth participant was larry kenon, who made the all-star team five times in his aba/nba career). some fans may scoff at what they consider to be the pedestrian nature of some of those 1976 dunks, but keep in mind that no one at that time was thinking about jumping over props; rest assured that erving and thompson--both of whom had vertical leaps in excess of 40 inches--could have done any dunk that we have seen in the "modern" era: after all, erving did his trademark free throw line dunk in games, which is more difficult and impressive than dunking over any prop.now, the nba cannot beg, borrow, or steal enough money to induce the elite players to deign to participate in what is supposed to be one of the league's showcase events.so, we have to settle for what we can get, because there is no point to living in the past or complaining too much about the present. the highlight of the skills challenge was the san antonio spurs team of chris paul and victor wembanyama being disqualified after trying to circumvent the rules; to shave seconds off of their time, the spurs did not even attempt any shots during the shooting portion of the obstacle course, and just focused on the passing portion of the obstacle course, drawing boos from the crowd and a prompt disqualification from the officials. the spurs' shenanigans are much like tanking and load management, odious practices that not only don't work but cheat the fans seeing legit competition. you might say that what the spurs did does not matter because few people care that much about the skills competition, but a major reason that people don't care about the skills competition--and care less about the nba in general than they did before--is that the players' focus has shifted from trying to compete to trying to find shortcuts and excuses to not compete. here is a novel idea: spend some time practicing the shots from the skills challenge--shots that could also be useful in real games--instead of trying to figure out how to win an event while exerting as little energy as possible. paul's career skills challenge resume--a record six appearances but no wins--now rivals his playoff resume, which includes the most blown 2-0 leads in nba postseason history. hopefully for spurs fans, paul is only teaching wembanyama how to lose in the skills challenge and not how to lose 2-0 leads in the playoffs.the cleveland cavaliers have been one of the most pleasant surprises in the nba this season, and their team--featuring donovan mitchell and evan mobley--won the skills challenge, defeating the bay area's home team, the golden state warriors (draymond green and moses moody).ten of the nba's top 25 leaders in career three point field goal percentage are active players--including future hall of famers stephen curry and klay thompson--but none of them participated in the three point contest. just one of the players who ranks in the top ten in three point field goal percentage this season--cleveland's darius garland--participated in the three point contest. in the first round, golden state's buddy hield--who ranks 97th in three point field goal percentage this season, and 58th all-time--tied stephen curry's three point contest record with 31 points. two-time defending three point contest champion damian lillard failed to advance. garland and and the miami heat's tyler herro joined hield in the final round. herro set the bar with 24 points, garland scored 19 points, and hield fell just short with 23 points. this was herro's first all-star weekend event win, and tomorrow he will make his first appearance in the all-star game (or games, depending how one prefers to describe the nba's new format, colloquially known as the "adam silver begs, hopes, and pleads that at least a few nba all-stars will pretend to care" all-star game).the slam dunk contest lacked drama--the eventual winner was obvious immediately--but was yet another showcase for mac mcclung's surreal athleticism. the two-time defending slam dunk champion jumped over a car and executed a two-handed reverse dunk for his first dunk, setting a standard right from the jump (pun intended!) that the other competitors could not match. after mcclung jumped over an assistant, grabbed the ball and did a spinning two-handed dunk for his second dunk, tnt's kenny smith said that the event should just be mcclung doing five dunks with music playing in the background--an acknowledgment that this contest was no contest. mcclung lived up to that praise by receiving a perfect score of 50 on all four of his dunks. mcclung is the first "three-peat" winner in slam dunk contest history. nate robinson is the only other three time champion (2006, 2009, 2010).julius erving--who not only won the 1976 aba slam dunk contest, but was runner 
up (at age 34!) to larry nance in the 1984 nba slam dunk 
contest--presented the julius "dr. j" erving slam dunk contest trophy to
 mcclung:    it would be interesting to see some of the nba's all-stars who are great leapers--anthony edwards comes to mind--challenge mcclung, but don't hold your breath waiting for that to happen. it is what it is, to borrow a (too often) used phrase, but we should not let those who did not appear cast too big of a shadow over those who did appear: congratulations to mitchell/mobley, herro, and mcclung for doing their best to put on a great show during all-star saturday night.labels: cleveland cavaliers, donovan mitchell, evan mobley, mac mcclung, nba all-star weekend, skills challenge, slam dunk contest, three point contest, tyler herro

posted by david friedman @ 1:28 am
1 comments
 




wednesday, february 12, 2025



	 
	 kevin durant is the ninth member of pro basketball's 30,000 point club
	 
    
the memphis grizzlies built a 19 point lead and held on to defeat the phoenix suns 119-112, but the headline story from that game is that the suns' kevin durant joined the elite 30,000 point club by making a free throw with 1:11 remaining in the third quarter. durant finished with a game-high 34 points on 12-18 field goal shooting. ja morant scored a team-high 26 points as the grizzlies improved to 36-17 while dropping the suns to 26-27. the grizzlies have the second best record in the western conference, while the suns are fighting just to earn a berth in the play-in tournament; the suns are yet another example of how the "big three" model of instant team building fails more often than it succeeds. durant is the 30,000 point club's ninth member, and the first new member since lebron james became the eighth (and youngest) member in 2018, one year after dirk nowitzki joined. before we reflect on durant's excellent career, it must be emphasized that it is shameful that the nba and its media partners call durant the 30,000 point club's eighth member, ignoring the fact that julius erving scored 30,026 points. aba numbers should be counted offiically by the nba, just like the nfl officially counts afl numbers. erving was just the third player to score at least 30,000 points, and he was the first "midsize" (6-7 or under) player to accomplish the feat; nearly 40 years after erving retired, the only other "midsize" players who have scored at least 30,000 points are michael jordan and kobe bryant. ignoring erving's accomplishments and statistics skews the ubiquitous conversation about the greatest players of all-time; erving is often left out of that discussion, but he deserves to be prominently mentioned. erving starred in the aba for five years before enjoying a spectacular 11 year run with the philadelphia 76ers. 
he made the all-star team in each of his 16 professional seasons, he 
never played for a losing or non-playoff team, and he is the only player
 to win an mvp award in both leagues. erving won four regular season mvps, three championships, and two finals mvps; he did a lot more than just score, but he was also one of the greatest, most consistent scorers of all-time, with scoring averages ranging from 20.0 ppg to 31.9 ppg in his first 14 seasons.durant is unlikely to join james in the 40,000 point club, but he has come a long way from being a skinny rookie who was played out of position at guard before blossoming in his second season after being shifted to his natural position of small forward. durant spent his prime years at small forward but as his body developed and the league began favoring smaller lineups he became a devastating weapon at power forward, stretching the floor while not being afraid to attack the hoop. durant had a high, loose dribble as a young player but he developed into an effective ballhandler. he did not average at least 4 apg until his sixth season, but he averaged at least 4 apg in each of the next 12 seasons. durant won four scoring titles, and he posted two 50/40/90 seasons that exemplify how complete his scoring repertoire is: durant is renowned as a midrange assassin, but he also posts up, drives to the hoop, drains three pointers, and not only draws fouls but shoots his free throws at an elite (.882) clip. like erving, durant has an all-around game, and an impressive list of accomplishments, including two finals mvps, two championships, and one regular season mvp.six of the nine members of the 30,000 point club are in my pantheon (an asterisk denotes that the player is in my pantheon):                               pro basketball's 30,000 point club 

1.	lebron james* 	41,623 2.	kareem abdul-jabbar* 	38,387 3.	karl malone 	36,928 4.	kobe bryant* 	33,643 5.	michael jordan* 	32,292 6.	dirk nowitzki 	31,560 7.	wilt chamberlain* 	31,419 8.	julius erving* 	30,0269. kevin durant  30,008labels: dirk nowitzki, julius erving, kareem abdul-jabbar, karl malone, kevin durant, kobe bryant, lebron james, michael jordan, wilt chamberlain

posted by david friedman @ 3:25 am
17 comments
 




monday, february 10, 2025



	 
	 milwaukee bucks beat philadelphia 76ers 135-127 in hubie brown's final broadcast
	 
    
for hubie brown, the game is always the most important thing, so in deference to his approach i will focus first on what happened in hubie brown's last game as an analyst before shifting my attention to brown's legacy and the tributes paid to him during a very special and well-produced broadcast.the milwaukee bucks sans two-time regular season mvp and 2021 nba finals mvp giannis antetokounmpo defeated the philadelphia 76ers 135-127. prior to the game, brown noted that both of these teams must improve defensively, which he 
emphasized is a collective effort and not just a matter of individual 
one on one defense. the final score indicates that neither team is a defensive juggernaut, to put it mildly.brown's pregame choices for players to watch proved to be very prescient: damian lillard scored a season-high and game-high 43 points to lead the bucks to victory, and tyrese maxey scored a team-high 39 points in a valiant effort for the 76ers. before the game, brown praised lillard's three point shooting and his complete game as a scorer/playmaker/rebounder, and he complimented maxey's complete game plus his unstoppable off the dribble moves. lillard shot 14-27 from the field--including 8-15 from three point range--while passing for a game-high eight assists and grabbing seven rebounds. maxey nearly matched lillard shot for shot and play for play, shooting 16-23 from the field--including 5-10 from beyond the arc--while dishing for five assists and pulling down four rebounds. gary trent jr. scored 23 points off of the bench for the bucks, and bobby portis added 18 points, a game-high 13 rebounds, and five assists as the bucks' reserves outscored the 76ers' reserves 54-35. the 76ers' purported "big three" combined to score 78 points, but this is an example of how numbers can be deceiving. maxey did as much as he could and he played hard at both ends of the court, but joel embiid (27 points, 12 rebounds, six assists, five turnovers) lumbered up and down the court, looked a step and a half slow on defense, and accumulated his statistics based more on size/raw talent than on consistently playing championship-level basketball. paul george drifted around the court, putting up solid starter numbers (12 points, six assists, five rebounds), but having little impact on the game's outcome. during a defense-optional first quarter when milwaukee outscored philadelphia 40-39, brown mentioned lillard's ability to score at all levels, draw fouls, and make free throws, and he noted lillard's willingness to take the big shot in late game situations. after lillard made a long three pointer, brown quipped to his play by play partner mike breen, "if he steps back any deeper, he's going to be with you and me at the table."brown mentioned how much he loves philadelphia's kyle lowry, who he described as the "heart and soul" of toronto's 2019 championship team for coach nick nurse before joining nurse with the 76ers. lowry, who is battling a hip injury, played just six minutes, and has had a limited impact this season, but the 76ers desperately need more players who play with the energy and hustle he displays when his body is right.what struck me most during this game is how bad embiid looks, despite his superficially impressive statistics. embiid did not jump for rebounds in his area on several possessions, he did not run hard, he rarely fought for low post position, and he did not set strong screens. embiid spent most of his time on offense drifting around the perimeter, and he did a poor job protecting the paint on defense. yes, he scored nearly a point per minute while leading the team in rebounds and tying for the team lead in assists, which shows that even at half speed he is still a very productive player statistically--but a team cannot win a championship when its best player is out of shape, does not play hard, and is chronically unavailable. this is not a one game assessment/indictment of embiid; what he showed during this game--the gaudy numbers and the small impact on team success--is what he has shown throughout his career, and it is sheer folly to believe/expect that he is going to show anything else on the back end of his career. to top things off, sideline reporter lisa salters dropped a bombshell: embiid told her that he will likely need another knee surgery, followed by a long rehab process. embiid will turn 31 in a month, and he has never played in more than 68 games in a season (a high water mark that he reached in 2022), so it is fair to wonder if he will ever be fully healthy and available to play on a regular basis. i have consistently said that it is ridiculous to assert that the 76ers have "tanked to the top" and that if they ever win a championship with embiid that will happen despite the infamous "process," not because of it. the bucks were ahead 65-63 at halftime even though maxey had 26 first half points and embiid had 24 first half points, the first time this season that they both scored at least 20 points in a half. embiid already looked gassed by the second quarter, and he had just three points in the second half. the bucks led by as many as 25 points in the second half before the 76ers cut the margin during garbage time. breen asked brown what went wrong for the 76ers, and brown succinctly noted the 76ers' two problems: bad shot selection, and not playing as aggressively as they had played in the first half. it should be added that both problems can be traced to the basketball habits of embiid, the team's most talented player; half of his field goal attempts came from beyond the arc even though he was the biggest and strongest player on the court, and his casual approach to defense is not likely to inspire supreme effort from anyone on his squad. it matters little that embiid shot a high percentage from beyond the arc (4-7) or that he has a good shooting touch; for the 76ers to be a championship contender, they need for embiid to dominate the paint while shooting timely three pointers, instead of regularly shooting three pointers while occasionally posting up. if embiid is not physically capable of playing the right way, then the team should shut him down until his body is right; if he is not willing to play the right way, then the coaching staff and management must confront embiid about this. throughout the telecast, brown suggested that at full strength both of these teams are capable of challenging boston, cleveland, and new york for conference supremacy. theoretically, that may be true, but from a practical standpoint it looks highly unlikely that the 76ers will ever be healthy enough or focused enough to advance past the second round (and they are on course to not even make the play in tournament this season). as for the bucks, their ceiling is higher than the 76ers' ceiling: with a healthy antetokounmpo teaming up with lillard, portis, brook lopez, and the recently acquired kyle kuzma, the bucks are capable of reaching the eastern conference finals, but anything beyond that seems out of reach. ---------- milwaukee was the most fitting location for hubie brown's final broadcast, because that is where his nba journey began in 1972 when larry costello hired him as his assistant coach (at that time, nba teams only had one assistant coach, not an army of assistants). during this game, breen and brown seamlessly included details about brown's remarkable basketball journey into the broadcast without detracting from their attention to the live action. brown successfully coached at the high school, college, and professional levels. after working for costello in milwaukee, brown led the kentucky colonels to the 1975 aba title before coaching three nba teams: atlanta hawks (1976-81), new york knicks (1982-86), memphis grizzlies (2002-04). he won the nba coach of the year award in 1978 and 2004, and he finished third in the balloting in three other years (1979-80, 1984). brown first did analysis on nationally televised nba games for the usa network in 1981. after he coached the knicks, brown did analysis for cbs from late 1986 until 1990, and then he worked for tnt from the early 1990s until he became memphis' coach in 2002. brown left the grizzlies due to unspecified health reasons, but he soon joined abc/espn. brown was initially the network's lead analyst, and he worked the 2005 and 2006 nba finals in that capacity, but then he was replaced as the lead analyst by the mark jackson-jeff van gundy duo. brown continued to do games for abc/espn, and he also did games for espn radio, including 14 nba finals. overall, brown was a commentator for a record 18 nba finals. in addition to his success as both a coach and a commentator, brown was a tremendous clinician at basketball camps in the u.s. and at basketball camps/clinics held around the world. breen said that brown has taught basketball to more people than anyone, and that statement is not hyperbole.brown said that his 50-plus years in pro basketball as a coach and media
 member went by very quickly, and that what he thinks about the most are
 the people who opened doors for him. brown mentioned that working for costello provided the equivalent of a master's degree and a doctorate in basketball in just two years. brown said that he learned a lot from costello, from teaching at various clinics, and from speaking at a variety of corporate engagements.  during the first quarter, mike tirico made a live appearance, and he chatted with brown and breen. tirico remembered calling lillard's series-winning shot in 2014 with brown by his side, and he reminisced about calling kobe bryant's 60 point career finale alongside brown. breen said that brown has been an "nba father" to his play by play partners, and he said that it is a "privilege" to call a game with brown.when mark jones joined the broadcast, he talked about the excitement he felt the first time 
that he worked with brown, and he spoke about brown providing pointers for his 
basketball playing kids. like all of brown's broadcast partners, jones mentioned that brown treated him like family. brown
 later talked about the importance of making everyone feel included on a team, whether that team is a sports team or a broadcasting team. brown explained that he learned an important lesson about team 
chemistry while assisting costello, who put brown in charge of working
 with the last three players on the bench at a time when nba rosters had
 just 10 players. brown said that on a strong team like the bucks during
 that era, the last three players on the roster did not play very much 
and were often upset with their limited roles. when brown became a head coach, he lengthened his 
player rotation to give more players playing time and decrease the 
number of dissatisfied players on the bench. basketball hall of famer oscar robertson, who played for costello and brown in milwaukee, recorded a message during which he noted that when hubie brown speaks everyone listens and respects what he says.after breen asked brown his take on the luka doncic-anthony davis trade
 that shocked most nba observers, brown noted that wilt chamberlain, 
kareem abdul-jabbar, julius erving, shaquille o'neal, and lebron james--"five of the greatest"--all were traded, so doncic can also be 
traded.when dave pasch made a live appearance, he pointed out that it is rare 
to be an icon in just one field, but that brown is an icon in two fields
 (coaching and commentating). pasch said that brown always asks his play
 by play announcer how he is doing, and if he had enough time to talk. 
pasch quipped that just once he wanted to mess with brown and say that 
he had not had enough time to talk.  basketball hall of famer patrick ewing, who played for brown when brown coached the knicks, praised brown's "vast knowledge" of basketball.hall of famer pau gasol called it a "privilege" to play for brown in memphis.  other people who recorded tributes to brown include indiana coach rick carlisle, miami coach erik spoelstra, and nba commissoner adam silver.espn/abc ran a graphic stating that brown coached against or broadcasted
 80% of the players in nba history, a statistical nugget that is 
stunning but not surprising.  near the end of the broadcast, breen shared with the audience a look at "the hubie sheet," the meticulous notes that brown brought to each game and then marked up during the broadcast: brown downplayed this, saying that being prepared is part of the job--but the way that brown treated each game like a masterpiece deserving the most careful thought and analysis demonstrates his dedication to his craft.after the game, the referees presented the game ball to brown, who joked about receiving a present 
from them despite leading the league in technical fouls along with kevin
 loughery. next, espn/abc ran a piece featuring several of brown's colleagues reminiscing about brown. dick stockton is one of the most gracious people who i have ever had the privilege of interviewing,
 and he made an eloquent tribute to brown: "i hope that the viewing 
audience of nba basketball realize what kind of a treasure hubie brown 
has been in a brilliant career which longevity is beyond comparison. i 
worked with a lot of different people in a lot of sports in my 55 year 
career as a broadcaster but he stands out because of his love of the 
game and the way he expressed the game."breen asked brown to summarize his thoughts about his career. brown said that he learned from his father to always give 100%, and that he viewed both coaching and broadcasting as being part of a team whose job is to teach. brown thanked all of his well-wishers on behalf of his family, and he noted that the day was almost overwhelming. brown mentioned that a cardinal principle that he always upheld is to never underestimate the iq of the audience. brown deserved all of the heartfelt praise that he received, but i would be remiss if i did not note that the same employer that is gushing over him as he departs relegated him to second tier status for most of his tenure with espn/abc; he was only the lead analyst at espn/abc for a brief time, but he is the best nba analyst of 
all-time, and he should have been on the number one team for a lot longer than he was. howard cosell once declared, "i never played the game" 
(which was also the title of his 1985 autobiography), meaning not only 
that he never played pro sports but that he never stooped to playing the
 game of being popular at the expense of being authentic to his values. based on espn's other hiring choices, it is fair to assume that the network chose "entertainment"--which is, after all, what the "e" stands for in espn--over in depth analysis. i mean no disrespect to van gundy or jackson, who both did well during their time at espn, but brown is a better analyst than either of them.i interviewed hubie brown in 2006 and 2009.
 my approach to basketball writing has always focused on the perspective
 of a coach/scout analyzing the skill set strengths and weaknesses of 
players and teams, and then determining what the optimal strategy should be 
for a team based on a skill set analysis of that team and the opposing 
team. this analytical approach is heavily influenced by brown, and i 
agree with brown that you don't talk down to the audience, but rather you
 provide high level information to the audience with the belief and 
expectation that the audience can follow along and will appreciate being
 educated. i can crack jokes and be silly, but my primary focus is 
spreading knowledge, not producing one liners or click-bait hot takes. during the 
time that i covered the nba as a credentialed media member at regular 
season games, playoff games, and all-star games, i cherished the 
opportunity to speak in person with coaches and scouts. i learned a lot 
from those conversations, but those conversations also reaffirmed that i
 analyze and perceive the game the way that coaches and scouts do, in 
contrast to the way that many media members who favor sensationalism and
 superficiality do.i will miss brown very much, because for more than half of my life i have viewed any game that he did as must-see, appointment television. anyone who would like to learn more about brown should watch brown's 2013 conversation with george raveling, which includes timeless wisdom not only about basketball, but about life, as 
well as a wealth of information about basketball history from the 1950s through the 2000s. recently, nba.com's ben lambert did an interesting interview with brown. hubie brown was an excellent coach, a premier clinician, and the greatest nba analyst of all-time. his presence on the nba airwaves will be missed, but he will never be forgotten and his influence is indelible.further reading:hubie brown interview (2006)seven great "hubie-isms" (2007)trading places: lebron scores 37 as the "new" cavs beat the "new" bulls (2008)hubie brown breaks down cleveland-orlando and lebron-kobe (2009)sleepwalking lakers end "nightmare" season by being swept (2013)hubie brown analyzes russell westbrook and the l.a. lakers (january 28, 2022)nba's 75th anniversary celebration game provided stirring trip down memory lane (april 7, 2022)cold young heats up as hawks defeat celtics, 130-122 (april 21, 2023)jayson tatum scores game seven record 51 points as celtics roll over listless 76ers, 112-88 (may 14, 2023)new look knicks rout slumping heat (january 17, 2024)sharpshooting bucks take down defenseless suns, 140-129 (march 18, 2024)doncic is doncic, washington shines early, and irving dominates fourth quarter as mavericks beat thunder, 105-101 (may 11, 2024)labels: atlanta hawks, damian lillard, giannis antetokounmpo, hubie brown, joel embiid, kentucky colonels, memphis grizzlies, milwaukee bucks, new york knicks, philadelphia 76ers, tyrese maxey

posted by david friedman @ 4:26 am
0 comments
 




saturday, february 08, 2025



	 
	 how good will the wembanyama-fox duo be?
	 
    
the san antonio spurs have paired second year wunderkind victor wembanyama with de'aaron fox to form what they hope will be a championship-winning duo. the spurs acquired fox--who earned one all-star selection in seven and a half seasons with the sacramento kings--in a three team deal that sent two-time all-star zach lavine from chicago to sacramento along with sidy cissoko, three first round draft picks, and three second round draft picks. jordan mclaughlin will join fox in san antonio, and chicago will receive zach collins, kevin huerter, tre jones, and their own 2025 first round draft pick that they had previously traded.as i noted in my articles about the jimmy butler trade and the blockbuster luka doncic-anthony davis trade, the general rule of thumb when evaluating an nba trade is that the team that received the best player "won," although  size matters in the nba, and age is also a factor worth considering. fox is the best player in this deal; he is a 27 year old 6-3 point guard with career averages of 21.5 ppg, 6.1 apg, 3.9 rpg, and 1.4 spg. he led the nba in steals last season (2.0 spg), and he ranks eighth in steals (1.6 spg) this season. he has ranked in the top 10 in assists twice (eighth in 2019, ninth in 2021), and he has ranked in the top 10 in scoring once (eighth in 2024 with a career-high 26.6 ppg). fox has averaged at least 23.2 ppg each season since 2021-22, including 24.9 ppg this season. fox has made the all-nba team once (third team selection in 2023). he is a very good player, but he is not a great player; he is not a perennial all-star, he has never come close to making the all-nba first team, and he has an 0-1 career playoff series record that demonstrates that he has yet to lift his team to high level postseason success.lavine is an often injured 6-5 swingman who will soon turn 30 years old, and who last made the all-star team in 2022. his career averages are 20.7 ppg, 4.7 rpg, and 4.3 apg. he is not a good defensive player and, like fox, he has an 0-1 career playoff series record. the other players in this deal, like the other players in the butler trade and the doncic-davis trade, were included to facilitate the deal more so than for the direct impact they are expected to have on the court. the multiple draft picks are like stock futures: they may prove to be extremely valuable, and they may prove to be worthless. much like a smart investor maintains a diverse portfolio, a smart team does not rely too heavily on just the draft, just free agency, or just trades, but instead keeps open as many options as possible to improve the roster in terms of talent, depth, and salary cap flexibility.will wembanyama and fox win at least one championship together in san antonio? there are many reasons to be skeptical. the spurs tanked to acquire the draft rights to wembanyama, even though it has been proven over a long period of time and a large sample size that tanking does not work. "stat guru" executives and delusional writers have made a lot of money touting the notion that the philadelphia 76ers "tanked to the top" despite the fact that the much-praised "process" has not yielded more than a string of second round losses--and this season, despite having a "big three" featuring joel "the process" embiid, paul "playoff p" george, and promising young guard tyrese maxey, the 76ers are struggling just to qualify for the playoffs. tanking teams tend to not ever win big for a variety of reasons, including the fact that tanking promotes bad habits and creates a culture where losing is acceptable (or even desirable); bad habits and a negative culture are a lot more difficult to change than "stat gurus" are willing to admit. embiid has been in the nba since 2014, and he still has not developed proper training habits off of the court or a winning mentality on the court, demonstrated every time we see his out of shape body lumbering back on defense. as jeff van gundy used to say during his tv commentating days: horses trot, players run. the spurs went 22-60 in their tanking season and then, after drafting wembanyama, they went 22-60 in his rookie season. they added veterans chris paul and harrison barnes prior to this season, and they are currently 22-27--a significant improvement, but hardly even close to championship contention. building a championship team is not like microwaving a packaged meal; "stat gurus" keep acting as if they can just throw talent together to win instantly and they keep being slapped in the face by the hard reality that great teams are not built that way. great teams are built from the ground up by developing chemistry and by inculcating the right habits. wembanyama is a highly productive young player who does not have a clue what it takes to win at the nba level. fox is a productive player entering his prime who has yet to win at the nba level. why should we believe that throwing those two players together is going to produce anything other that some regular season wins followed by, at best, early playoff exits? wembanyama may be the best defensive player in the nba, but the spurs rank 13th in defensive field goal percentage and 19th in points allowed. it takes a well put together team to win at a high level, not just a bunch of individually talented players. fox may be talented enough to push the spurs above .500 this season, but it will be very surprising if the spurs win a playoff series in 2025, and it will be interesting to see how long it takes for wembanyama to notch his first playoff series win. embiid missed his first two seasons due to injury, and did not win a playoff series until four years after he was drafted. he has reached the second round just five times, and he is 0-5 in those series. this is not a bad trade for the spurs. the spurs clearly "won" this trade and they are better now than they were before. the point is that it will take more than one good trade to undo the damage done by tanking. it is interesting to contrast pat riley's miami heat--a team that refuses to tank--with the spurs (and other tanking teams). since lebron james left the heat in 2014, the heat have reached the nba finals twice, participated in the playoffs in seven out of 10 seasons, and had a losing record just twice. after tim duncan retired in 2016, the spurs reached the western conference finals once, lost in the second round twice, and have not participated in the playoffs since 2020. the spurs have had a losing record in each of the past five seasons, and will have to scramble to not have a losing record this season. they may not have been losing on purpose that whole time, but they also did not build a foundation for success; they just hoped to hit the draft lottery jackpot--and even after "winning" the draft lottery they are still a losing team. gregg popovich used to quip that he had nothing to do with the spurs' success and that he was just lucky to have had tim duncan for so long, but that joke probably seems less funny to spurs' fans now than it did during their championship-winning glory days. which fan base has had more fun and received more value in the past decade or so--miami or san antonio? tanking is just awful for the league, for its fans, and for its media partners. at any give time, it seems that at least five or six of the nba's 30 teams are losing on purpose, and that makes the product almost unwatchable. it was hilarious to hear j.j. redick lambasting charles barkley for telling the truth that is plain for anyone to see: the nba has a lot of bad teams playing bad basketball.the other two teams in this trade seem to be adrift, at best. mike brown brought some stability to the kings--leading the team to the playoffs in 2023, their first postseason appearance since 2006--but now that the kings fired him and traded their leading scorer (fox) they seem to be heading back toward their comfort zone of dysfunction. the kings enjoyed a brief 11-4 honeymoon under new coach doug christie before losing four of their last five games. lavine has never been part of an nba team that won at a high level, and that is unlikely to change now.as for the bulls, it is not clear if they are intentionally tanking or just perpetually clueless, but they have reached the playoffs just once since 2017 and they have not won a playoff series since 2015. unloading lavine's burdensome contract is good from a salary cap flexibility standpoint, but in the short run (and for the foreseeable future) they have less talent and will have to scrap and claw just to get into the play-in tournament. labels: chicago bulls, de'aaron fox, jordan mclaughlin, kevin huerter, sacramento kings, san antonio spurs, sidy cissoko, tanking, tre jones, zach collins, zach lavine

posted by david friedman @ 12:56 pm
4 comments
 







	 
	 warriors hope to see "playoff jimmy" instead of disinterested jimmy
	 
    
jimmy butler won his power struggle with the miami heat, forcing his way out and receiving a two year, $112 million contract extension from the golden state warriors that more than covers the roughly $6 million of salary that he lost after being suspended three times this season by the heat. the heat sent butler, two second round draft picks, and cash considerations to the warriors in exchange for kyle anderson, davion mitchell, andrew wiggins, and a first round draft pick. several other teams participated in the deal as well.  the toronto raptors received p.j. tucker from the utah jazz, plus a second round draft pick and cash considerations from the heat. the detroit pistons received dennis schroder from the jazz via the warriors, and they also received lindy waters iii and a 2031 second round pick via the warriors. the jazz received k.j. martin from the pistons via the philadelphia 76ers, josh richardson via the heat, two second round draft picks, and cash considerations from the heat.most of these moves will be remembered as bookkeeping maneuvers facilitating butler's departure from miami in exchange for three players plus a first round draft pick. in my analysis of the shocking luka doncic-anthony davis trade, i wrote, "the tried and true template for evaluating an nba trade is to look at 
which team received the best player, while understanding that size matters in the nba and that age also matters." butler has earned six all-star selections, five all-nba team selections, and five all-defensive team selections while also winning the 2023 larry bird eastern conference finals mvp; he has more accolades, accomplishments, and honors than all of the other players in this deal combined. butler is 35 years old, but he has been reasonably productive this season (17.0 ppg, 5.2 rpg, 4.8 apg, a career-high .540 fg%). wiggins, the only other player in the deal who made the all-star team (2022), is almost 30 years old. he was a vital contributor to golden state's 2022 championship team, but he has been inconsistent (and often unavailable) since 2022. the warriors are the clear winners of this trade based on the best player criterion. size is not a factor in this trade, as none of the players are taller than 6-9 or power players in the paint, but age is a factor worth considering. butler is five years older than wiggins, and four years older than anderson, schroder and richardson. other than the 39 year old tucker, there is a good chance that every rotation player included in this trade has more years left in the league than butler does. age matters little to the win-or-bust warriors, but the heat did the best that they could to obtain players who can be in their rotation for the next several years (or who are viable enough to be packaged for other rotation players or draft picks)--and they did well to obtain anything of value for an aging, disgruntled player who wears out his welcome everywhere he goes.after the trade, butler delivered a brief video message to warriors' 
fans, concluding with these bold words: "championship coming soon." talk is cheap, but  $112 million is not cheap for a 35 year old who has never been durable, has never made the all-nba first team, and has never finished higher than 10th in regular season mvp voting.the "playoff jimmy" nickname is primarily based on three extended miami 
playoff runs (2020 nba finals, 2022 eastern conference finals, 2023 
eastern conference finals), but butler averaged just 14.5 ppg on .297 field goal 
shooting when the bucks swept the heat in the first round in 2021, and 
he shot .451 from the field or worse in his six playoff appearances with
 chicago, minnesota, and philadelphia. butler missed the 2024 playoffs 
due to injury, and his comment after the playoffs that the heat would 
have beaten boston if he had played earned a stern rebuke from heat 
president pat riley, who bluntly stated that players who don't 
participate should not talk. that may not have been the end of butler's positive relationship with the heat, but it seems like it was the beginning of the end, because riley's public censure of butler reflected riley's position that butler is not available enough to be worth a max contract extension.it is possible that butler will play with renewed energy and vigor for the warriors after receiving the contract extension that the heat refused to give him, but it is also possible that now that he got paid he will be satisfied and unmotivated. he built a mythology about himself that he is all about the team and about winning, but the way that he forced miami to trade him demonstrated that he is all about flexing his power for personal gain. butler has not played in more than 65 games in a season since 2016-17, when he was 27; it is unlikely that he will suddenly become more durable or more reliable, so the warriors should expect to get--at best--130 regular season games or less from butler out of a possible 164 in the next two seasons. published reports indicate that the warriors preferred to bring back kevin durant for a second tour of duty instead of acquiring butler, but durant balked. it is no secret that durant left the warriors to get away from the volatile draymond green, and it is reasonable to assume that his refusal to return to the bay area is primarily--if not exclusively--based on his disinclination to team up again with mr. "triple single." the athletic recently ranked green as the 100th greatest nba player of all-time, which is high--and undeserved--praise for a player sporting career averages of 8.7 ppg, 6.9 rpg, and 5.6 apg with shooting splits of .450/.322/.707 (the athletic ranked butler 99th all-time, which seems a bit too high, though i agree with ranking butler ahead of green). there is no doubt that green contributed playmaking and defense to the warriors' four most recent championship teams, but he was fortunate to play alongside three legitimate hall of famers: kevin durant, stephen curry, and klay thompson. when green took the court for the 2019-20 warriors without those three great players, the whole world saw what green is all about as he averaged 8.0 ppg on .389 field goal shooting along with 6.2 rpg and 6.2 apg for a 15-50 team. green is a high level role player, not an all-time great player; separate him from great players, and he has little impact on winning (which does not change the fact that he has some impact on winning when he is surrounded by great players).when people talk about green's role on championship teams they should also talk about his role on costing the warriors opportunities to win other championships as a result of his out of control behavior leading to suspensions and leading to durant's departure/refusal to return. it will be interesting to see how history judges the warriors' decision to hold onto green while losing durant, thompson, and other players. perhaps there is no market for green's services outside of golden state, but if there is any market then the warriors should have gotten rid of green and kept (or at least brought back) durant.prior to butler's arrival, the warriors were fighting to stay above .500 and earn a spot in the play-in tournament. if all goes well, butler could help the warriors sneak into the playoffs, but it is difficult to picture this team winning a playoff series against any of the western conference's top four teams. it will be interesting to observe the butler-green chemistry, particularly if the warriors continue to hover around .500. neither player is shy about expressing his opinions. butler seemed poised to win 
the unofficial prize for self-centered inflation of his importance/worth
 after quitting on his team and pouting about losing his "joy" because of 
merely being paid close to $50 million per year to dribble a basketball, but then schroder opened his mouth and claimed the prize all for himself. schroder, a minor figure in the multi-team deal, will make $13 million 
this season. he is scoring 14.4 ppg on .418 field goal shooting this season, numbers
 that are in line with his career averages, and he is very dissatisfied 
with his lot in life, whining that the way that nba teams trade 
players is equivalent to "modern slavery."  declaring that nba players are slaves is so wildly delusional that 
it almost defies description. there are millions of people in the world 
who are struggling to obtain enough food to eat and who are deprived of 
basic human rights; those people are suffering modern slavery, and they would gladly trade places with schroder. what schroder fails to acknowledge is that--unlike a slave--he has the freedom to choose a different job, to choose where he lives, and even to make idiotic public statements without fear of repercussions from the government or his employer.labels: andrew wiggins, dennis schroder, detroit pistons, golden state warriors, jimmy butler, kyle anderson, miami heat, p.j. tucker, toronto raptors, utah jazz

posted by david friedman @ 10:05 am
2 comments
 




tuesday, february 04, 2025



	 
	 reverbations from doncic-davis trade will be felt for the next 10 years
	 
    
"blockbuster," "shocker," and "stunner" are three overused adjectives to describe nba trades, but they all are apt regarding the three team deal headlined by dallas' luka doncic going to the l.a. lakers in exchange for anthony davis. dallas also sent maxi kleber and markieff morris to the lakers, and the lakers sent max christie and a 2029 first round draft pick to the mavericks. the utah jazz received jalen hood-schifino from the lakers plus two second round draft picks (one that originally belonged to the l.a. clippers, and one that belonged to the mavericks). per elias sports bureau, this is the first trade featuring two players who both made the all-nba team in the previous season. lebron james' public relations team (i.e., espn's dave mcmenamin and brian windhorst) claim that james did not push for this trade and had no prior knowledge that it would take place. it is difficult to believe that james--the lakers' de facto general manager--had no input regarding a franchise-defining trade, and it is worth noting that james' public relations team pointed out that james highly respects doncic and has long expressed a desire to play alongside doncic; in other words, his public relations team is making sure that if this works out then james will get credit for wanting to team up with doncic, but if this does not work out then james has plausible deniability. it seems more likely that the lakers did this either because james explicitly asked for this or because the lakers knew that james wanted to swap davis for doncic than that the lakers did this with no input from james; however, considering that james is 40 years old and has led the lakers past the first round just twice in his six seasons in l.a., it is possible that the lakers have turned the page on the james era and are focusing on building around doncic for the next 10 years or so.it is interesting that regardless of james' input, this deal was initiated by the mavericks, not the lakers. the mavericks decided that they preferred to trade doncic than to pay him the "supermax" $345 million contract for which he would soon be eligible. mavericks general manager nico harrison said, "i believe that defense wins championships. i believe that getting an all-defensive center 
and an all-nba player with a defensive mindset gives us a better chance.
 we're built to win now and in the future." alluding to the other big men already on dallas’ roster, harrison added, "i think if you look at the cleveland cavaliers, that's what you're going to see. anthony's probably going to finish games at the 5, but you're going to
 see those guys play together. and when the lakers won, he played the 
4." the cavaliers have stunned the league this season not only with their league-best 40-9 record, but with their lineup featuring big men evan mobley and jarrett allen in an era during which many teams are going small and jacking up three pointers. it is interesting that despite the cavaliers' frontcourt size they rank just 15th in rebounding and 26th in blocked shots while ranking first in three point field goal percentage and second in three point field goals made; they seem to have produced an effective blend of old school basketball and new school basketball. the mavericks have a 26-24 record, but they rank eighth in field goal percentage and eighth in defensive field goal percentage. they already have a good big man rotation featuring dereck lively ii and daniel gafford, so it would seem that they were poised to make another deep playoff run once doncic--who has been out of action for over a month with a calf injury--returned to the lineup, but there's the rub: it appears that the mavericks became disenchanted with doncic's conditioning, which they believe has caused him to be injury-prone. is that a sufficient reason to give up on one of the nba's five best players just as he enters his prime years?  doncic won the 2019 rookie of the year award, and then he made the all-nba first team in each of the next five seasons. he is averaging 28.1 ppg, 8.3 rpg, and 7.8 apg this season, but is not eligible for 2024-25 postseason awards because he has already missed 28 regular season games and thus will not play in at least 65 regular season games this season. in his six seasons with dallas, doncic has twice led the mavericks to the western conference finals (2022, 2024), and he led the mavericks to the 2024 nba finals. davis is a member of the nba's 75th anniversary team who has made the all-nba first team four times (2015, 2017-18, 2020) and the all-nba second team once (2024) in addition to earning five all-defensive team selections. he led the league in blocked shots three times (2014-15, 2018). davis played an essential role for the lakers' 2020 "bubble" championship team, but the lakers have advanced past the first round just twice in his five full seasons with the team. prior to joining the lakers, davis' new orleans pelicans advanced past the first round once in seven seasons. this season, davis is averaging 25.7 ppg (15th in the league), 11.9 rpg (sixth), and 2.1 bpg (fourth) in 42 games.the tried and true template for evaluating an nba trade is to look at which team received the best player, while understanding that size matters in the nba and that age also matters. there is little doubt that doncic is a better player now than davis, and doncic is just shy of his 26th birthday, while davis will soon turn 32. davis is much taller than doncic, and davis has a major impact at both ends of the court while doncic is an elite offensive player who struggles defensively, though he is dallas' leader in defensive rebounds per game so far this season.thus, the lakers are receiving the best player in the deal, and the best player is also six years younger than the second best player. it is not surprising that some commentators are giving the lakers an "a" and giving the mavericks an "f," but the injury history of both players and the roster composition of both teams should be considered as well. doncic played at least 70 games in a season just twice in his first six seasons, and he will not get close to that number this season, while davis played at least 70 games in a season just three times in his first 12 seasons. davis may be in better shape than doncic, but that has not translated into davis being consistently available to play. without davis, the lakers--who rank 19th in defensive field goal percentage and 27th in rebounding--have no rim protection and no paint presence. even if doncic and james both average 30 ppg the rest of the way, the lakers may not be able to score enough points, get enough rebounds, and get enough stops to win consistently; they desperately need to add at least one competent defensive big man before the trade deadline to have any hope of getting past the first round of the playoffs. meanwhile, the mavericks now have great size and paint presence, but they are dependent on kyrie irving--who played at least 70 games in a season just three times in his first 13 seasons and is unlikely to play at least 70 games this season--not only for scoring but also for shot creation.the positives for davis--his size and his two-way impact--do not outweigh the reality that he has not been an all-nba first team player since 2020 and is not likely to be one again. without doncic and with davis, the mavericks' offense is likely to decline more than their defense is likely to improve, and they could be awful at both ends of the court if davis and irving both get injured at the same time. more than any other nba franchise, the lakers are defined by consistently having one of the league's top five players on their roster, and the list of such players includes george mikan, elgin baylor, jerry west, wilt chamberlain, kareem abdul-jabbar, magic johnson, shaquille o'neal, kobe bryant, and lebron james. doncic is poised to fill that slot for the next 5-10 years.my short term assessment of this trade is that both the lakers and the mavericks are worse than they were before and both teams need to make at least one more move to balance out their rosters. the lakers' long term prospects depend on their ability to build around doncic after james retires or finishes his career with a different team. the mavericks' long term prospects are murky, because within five years or less they will have to rebuild their team after davis and irving decline or retire. it is stunning that the mavericks decided to trade potentially 10 years of all-nba first team doncic for possibly five years of all-nba second team (or worse) anthony davis.labels: anthony davis, dallas mavericks, jalen hood-schifino, l.a. lakers, lebron james, luka doncic, markieff morris, maxi kleber, utah jazz

posted by david friedman @ 12:31 am
12 comments
 




friday, january 24, 2025



	 
	 the jimmy butler saga, and why kobe was greater than shaq
	 
    
i don't plan to say much about the jimmy butler saga until it is resolved; i have never trafficked in rumors and speculation, and i am not going to start doing that now. the basic facts are known to anyone who follows the nba: butler is dissatisfied with the heat because he wants a contract extension that the team declined to offer, butler has broken various team rules while making his dissatisfaction clear, and the heat have suspended him on two separate occasions for a total of nine games. butler is a six-time all-star, but he made his last all-star appearance in 2023 and it is clear that the 35 year old is past his prime, though still an effective player when he deigns to show up and play hard. the heat will pay butler $48.8 million this season (minus the $3.1 million that he lost due to being suspended), and he has a player option for $52.4 million for next season. during his long tenure in miami, team president pat riley has not shied away from confronting shaquille o'neal, dwyane wade, and lebron james, so he is not going to have the slightest hesitation about confronting butler; after last season, riley publicly rebuked butler--who missed the playoffs due to injury--for speaking about how well the heat could have done with him in the playoffs, and riley has made it clear that he--not butler or any other player--runs the franchise.one might think that it is reasonable for the heat to expect butler to show up on time and play hard in exchange for receiving over $100 million this season and next season, but butler declared that he has lost his "joy" and will not be able to find it again until he is with a different team; when the lost "joy" escalated to missed flights and other violations of team rules, the heat reasonably decided to not pay an employee who has declined to do the job he is being paid to do. butler is following in the shameful footsteps of--among others--james harden and damian lillard, players who decided to say and do whatever is necessary to enable them to not only breach their contracts but also be traded to their destinations of choice. this is business as usual in the modern nba, which is why i had not yet written about butler--but listening to tnt's shaquille o'neal insist that it is acceptable and understandable for butler to not "go all out" because the heat have not given a contract extension to butler provided an excellent reminder of why kobe bryant was greater than shaquille o'neal: bryant consistently practiced hard and played hard while focusing his efforts on doing everything possible to win championships, but winning championships was not always o'neal's top priority.o'neal said that he understands how butler feels--"you don't want me, so i don't want you"--because he went through that experience more than once during his career. o'neal has cultivated such a likable image during his post-playing career that it is easy to forget the contentious dealings he had with multiple teams during his playing career, including the orlando magic, the l.a. lakers, and the miami heat. lakers fans remember o'neal declaring that if the big dog is not fed (the ball) then he won't guard the house (play defense in the paint), and they also remember o'neal asserting that because he got injured on "company time" he is entitled to have surgery "on company time." that decision to delay his toe surgery not only probably cost the lakers the 2003 championship (which would have been a "four-peat" not seen since bill russell led the boston celtics to eight straight titles from 1959-66), but it probably influenced jerry buss' decision to choose to build the lakers around bryant and not o'neal; that turned out to be a wise choice that resulted in the lakers winning championships in 2009 and 2010 while o'neal settled for one post-lakers' title as the miami heat's second option behind dwyane wade.after o'neal announced his retirement, i titled my tribute to his career shaq achieved so much--and could have achieved so much more, and this is how i summarized his legacy:o'neal has an infectious joy for life, he has generously donated to many
 charities and he ranks among the top 15 players (and top five centers) 
of all-time. yet, despite everything that o'neal accomplished--and even 
considering that he rightfully should have received at least two more 
regular season mvps (2001, 2005)--there is still an inescapable sense 
that he should have accomplished even more than he did. phil jackson 
recently said of o'neal, "this is a guy who could and should have been 
the mvp player for 10 consecutive seasons." if o'neal had approached 
training, practicing and conditioning with the mindset of michael jordan
 or kobe bryant then o'neal could have established a body of work that 
would have credibly put him in contention for the mythical title of 
greatest player of all-time (as i explained in my pantheon series
 it is very difficult to pick one player as the greatest of all-time, 
though it is possible to select several worthy candidates for that 
honor); o'neal had a great career but no knowledgeable basketball 
analyst would rank him as the greatest player of all-time.thus, considering o'neal's history it is not surprising that he is siding with butler. o'neal has never believed that a player should be expected to give maximum effort at all times if the player is dissatisfied for any reason. o'neal's tnt co-hosts ernie johnson, kenny smith, and charles barkley pushed back, arguing that butler has a responsibility to fulfill the terms of his contract. johnson framed this as a matter of personal pride/integrity, while barkley emphasized that butler should not let his teammates down. smith agreed with those points, and he noted that butler may be trying to get more 
money but all that he has done so far is cost himself more than $3 
million that he may never recoup.labels: jimmy butler, kobe bryant, l.a. lakers, miami heat, pat riley, shaquille o'neal

posted by david friedman @ 2:25 am
9 comments
 




friday, january 17, 2025



	 
	 gus williams played a key role for seattle's 1979 championship team
	 
    
gus williams, who passed away on january 15 at the age of 71, was an explosive 6-2 guard who won at the highest level during an era when the nba was dominated by big men. he was known as "the wizard" because of the magical way that he used his athletic ability and speed. williams averaged 17.1 ppg and 5.6 apg in 825 regular season games during his 11 year nba career, and he averaged 19.5 ppg and 4.7 apg in 99 playoff games. he ranked third in aba/nba regular season career steals (1638) when he retired. those numbers are very good, but they don't tell the full story of williams' greatness and impact.williams averaged 18.4 ppg and 5.4 apg (first in the pac-8) in his senior season at usc, earning consensus all-america second team honors in 1975. the golden state warriors selected him with the 20th overall pick in the 1975 nba draft, and he finished second in 1976 rookie of the year balloting to alvan adams after averaging 11.7 ppg, 3.1 apg, and 1.8 spg. the defending nba champion warriors posted the nba's best regular season record (59-23) before losing 4-3 to the phoenix suns in the western conference finals.after averaging 9.3 ppg in his second season, williams signed as a free agent with the seattle supersonics, and the warriors received cash compensation under the free agency rules of that time. young fans may not remember or know about the seattle supersonics, because the franchise moved to oklahoma city prior to the 2008-09 season. the sonics started the 1977-78 season 5-17, but they took off after lenny wilkens replaced bob hopkins as the coach, finishing with a 47-35 record. wilkens inserted williams in the starting lineup, and williams led the team in scoring (18.1 ppg) and steals (2.3 spg, second in the league behind ron lee). during the 1978 playoffs, williams averaged 18.3 ppg to lead a balanced scoring attack (six players averaged double figures) as the sonics defeated the l.a. lakers, the defending nba champion portland trail blazers, and the denver nuggets to reach the nba finals for the first time since the franchise was founded in 1967. the sonics had homecourt advantage versus the washington bullets, but lost game seven at home 105-99 as hall of famer dennis johnson shot 0-14 from the field. williams averaged 16.3 ppg in the nba finals (third on the team behind fred brown and dennis johnson).williams led the sonics in scoring (19.2 ppg) and steals (2.1 spg, eighth in the league) as they posted the best record in the western conference (52-30) in the 1978-79 season. the sonics earned a first round bye, and then defeated the lakers and suns to set up an nba finals rematch with the league-leading 54-28 bullets. williams led the sonics in playoff scoring (26.7 ppg, third in the league) and steals (2.0 spg, tied for fifth in the league), netting at least 30 points in seven of the team's 17 postseason games. he scored a series-high 29.0 ppg on .500 field goal shooting as the sonics defeated the bullets, 4-1. williams scored at least 30 points in three of the five finals games, including a series-high 36 in seattle's 114-112 game four win. dennis johnson won finals mvp honors. hall of famer jack sikma also had a strong series for the sonics (15.8 ppg, 14.8 rpg, 3.2 bpg).williams' seattle teammate wally walker recalled that williams had a way with words: "he had a lot of sayings that were just funny. one of his was, 'there 
were only two kinds of people, the quick and the dead.' and of course, 
he was the quick. he was lightning quick and fast, 
both, and he was a one-man fast break. he got the ball and he weaved 
through traffic. he was just so fast. no one ever caught him." in 1979-80, the sonics set a franchise record by going 56-26 (a mark they did not surpass until the 1993-94 season), but that was only good enough for second place in the west behind the l.a. lakers led by kareem abdul-jabbar and rookie sensation magic johnson. larry bird's boston celtics (61-20) and julius erving's philadelphia 76ers (59-23) also had better records than the sonics. williams led the sonics in scoring (22.1 ppg, 11th in the league) and steals (2.4 spg, fourth in the league) while earning an all-nba second team selection. he finished eighth in mvp voting, but--oddly--was not selected as an all-star. the sonics defeated the trail blazers and the milwaukee bucks in the playoffs before losing 4-1 to the lakers in the western conference finals. williams led the sonics in playoff scoring (23.7 ppg, fifth in the league) and steals (2.3 spg, third in the league) while shooting a team-high .514 from the field. in the western conference finals, williams led the team in scoring (23.6 ppg), assists (6.6 apg), and steals (2.6 spg) while shooting .495 from the field.williams sat out the 1980-81 season due to a contract dispute, and seattle's record plummeted to 34-48; prior to that season, the sonics traded dennis johnson to the suns for hall of famer paul westphal, but westphal played just 36 games due to injury.williams returned to the sonics in style in 1981-82, averaging a career-high 23.4 ppg, winning the nba's comeback player of the year award, earning his only all-nba first team selection, and finishing fifth in regular season mvp voting. the sonics went 52-30 and then defeated the houston rockets in the first round before falling 4-1 to the san antonio spurs. williams led the sonics in playoff scoring (26.3 ppg, second in the league) and steals (1.6 spg, 11th in the league).the sonics started the 1982-83 season 12-0, but they went 36-34 the rest of the way before being bounced in the first round by the trail blazers. williams led the team in regular season scoring (20.0 ppg), assists (8.1 apg, sixth in the league), and steals (2.3 spg, seventh in the league).in 1983-84, the sonics slipped to 42-40, and williams ranked second on the team in scoring (18.7 ppg) behind sikma. williams led the team in assists (8.4 apg, seventh in the league), and steals (2.4 spg, third in the league). after the season, the sonics traded williams to the washington bullets for tim mccormick and ricky sobers.williams led the bullets in scoring (20.0 ppg), assists (7.7 apg, 10th in the league), and steals (2.3 spg, seventh in the nba) in 1984-85, but the team went 40-42 and lost to the 76ers in the first round. williams averaged 13.5 ppg for the 39-43 bullets in 1986-87, and then he signed with atlanta as a veteran free agent in january 1987, finishing his career by averaging 4.2 ppg in 33 games with the 1987-88 hawks.williams was durable and consistent; he played in at least 77 games in nine of his 11 nba seasons, and he averaged at least 18.1 ppg in seven seasons. he was even better in the playoffs, scoring more points (19.5 ppg) on a higher field goal percentage (.476) than he did during the regular season (17.1, .461). williams' teams went 11-9 in playoff series, including 1-1 in the nba finals. it is interesting to compare williams' playoff record to the playoff records of several of the guards who were selected to the nba's 75th anniversary team and are either already inducted in the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame or are locks to be inducted as soon as they become eligible:nate archibald: 6-4 playoff series record; 1-0 in nba finalsdave bing: 1-5 playoff series record; 0-0 in nba finalsgeorge gervin: 3-13 aba/nba playoff series record; 0-0 in aba/nba finalshal greer: 7-12 playoff series record; 1-0 in nba finalsjames harden: 15-15 playoff series record; 0-1 in nba finalsallen iverson: 6-8 playoff series record; 0-1 in nba finalsjason kidd: 16-16 playoff series record; 1-2 in nba finalsdamian lillard: 4-9 playoff series record; 0-0 in nba finalsreggie miller: 14-15 playoff series record; 0-1 in nba finalschris paul: 12-15 playoff series record; 0-1 in nba finalsoscar robertson: 8-9 playoff series record; 1-1 in nba finals john stockton: 17-19 playoff series record; 0-2 in nba finals isiah thomas: 16-7 playoff series record; 2-1 in nba finalsjerry west: 16-12 playoff series record; 1-8 in nba finalsrussell westbrook: 11-12 playoff series record; 0-1 in nba finals lenny wilkens: 5-7 playoff series record; 0-1 in nba finals from that distinguished group, only isiah thomas won more championships than gus williams, and only nate archibald, isiah thomas, and jerry west posted a higher playoff series winning percentage. the point of comparing these numbers is not to say that williams was as good or better than these players, but rather to highlight that williams' impact on winning seems to be forgotten or overlooked. williams is not in the hall of fame, and his name is not brought during discussions of all-time great guards. williams' peak did not last as long as the peaks of some of the all-time great guards and his absolute peak was not quite as high as the absolute peaks of some of the guards listed above, but williams was a key player on teams that consistently performed well in the playoffs.labels: atlanta hawks, dennis johnson, golden state warriors, gus williams, jack sikma, lenny wilkens, seattle supersonics, washington bullets

posted by david friedman @ 10:27 pm
0 comments
 




saturday, january 11, 2025



	 
	 jokic and westbrook make triple double history together
	 
    
russell westbrook is the career triple double leader (202), while his teammate nikola jokic ranks third all-time with 145 career triple doubles; those totals include a triple double for each player in denver's 124-105 friday night victory over brooklyn when the duo set a record by becoming the first teammates to have a triple double in the same game twice in the same season. jokic had 35 points, 12 rebounds, and 15 assists versus brooklyn, while westbrook had 25 points, 11 rebounds, and 10 assists. their first such game happened on december 30, 2024 when westbrook had a "perfect" triple double (signified by making all of his shots and not committing any turnovers) in a 132-121 win versus utah. westbrook had 16 points, 10 rebounds, and 10 assists while shooting 7-7 from the field and 2-2 from the free throw line. jokic put up a stat line reminiscent of prime wilt chamberlain: 36 points, 22 rebounds, 11 assists. when chamberlain led the nba in assists in 1967-68 en route to winning his fourth regular season mvp, he had five 30-point triple doubles, and he had at least 20 rebounds in four of those games.westbrook did not shoot well during the first portion of the season, but since december 1 he has shot .514 from the field. despite battling injuries to starters jamal murray and aaron gordon, the nuggets are 4-2 in january and 12-8 since december 1. in six january 2025 games, westbrook is averaging 17.3 ppg, 8.2 apg, and 7.3 rpg with shooting splits of .507/.370/.692. overall, he is averaging 12.9 ppg, 6.8 apg, and 5.0 apg this season while playing in all 37 of denver's games (16 as a starter). the l.a. lakers conducted a despicable propaganda war against westbrook, eagerly aided and abetted by lebron james' media sycophants (including but not limited to dave "vampire" mcmenamin and brian "i owe it all to covering lebron since high school" windhorst) but--as i wrote after westbrook finally escaped from the lakers--"the propaganda campaign waged against westbrook for the last year and a 
half is going to lose a lot of momentum now that westbrook is playing 
for a legitimate nba franchise that is more likely to utilize him 
correctly." westbrook began rehabilitating his reputation during his post-lakers stint with the l.a. clippers from 2022-24, and this season we are seeing that westbrook is still quite capable of playing at a high level even at the age of 36. it is fascinating to contrast how well westbrook has played during his career alongside kevin durant, paul george, and now nikola jokic--and how well they played alongside him--with the way that the lakers (under the control of player president/gm/coach lebron james) not only misused westbrook but then slandered him. labels: brooklyn nets, denver nuggets, l.a. lakers, lebron james, nikola jokic, russell westbrook

posted by david friedman @ 10:52 pm
1 comments
 









about me

name:  david friedman 
location:  united states 
"a work of art contains its verification in itself: artificial, strained concepts do not withstand the test of being turned into images; they fall to pieces, turn out to be sickly and pale, convince no one. works which draw on truth and present it to us in live and concentrated form grip us, compellingly involve us, and no one ever, not even ages hence, will come forth to refute them."--alexander solzhenitsyn (nobel lecture)

"the most 'popular,' the most 'successful' writers among us (for a brief period, at least) are, 99 times out of a hundred, persons of mere effrontery--in a word, busy-bodies, toadies, quacks."--edgar allan poe

"in chess what counts is what you know, not whom you know. it's the way life is supposed to be, democratic and just."--grandmaster larry evans

"it's not nuclear physics. you always remember that. but if you write about sports long enough, you're constantly coming back to the point that something buoys people; something makes you feel better for having been there. something of value is at work there...something is hallowed here. i think that something is excellence."--tom callahan
view my complete profile

in the arena: ruminations about competition
in the arena: ruminations about competition
explorations
explorations
julius erving

the best of rivals: julius erving versus larry bird (june 2004)
the last night of the aba
rod thorn offers his take on dr. j, air jordan, kobe and lebron
dr. j and pistol pete on the same team
julius erving: the greatest--and classiest--net of all-time
julius erving on the art of knowing when to dunk--and when not to dunk
examining dr. j's all-time best
great julius erving stories
kevin loughery talks about coaching dr. j
game to remember: game six, 1976 aba finals
alexandra stevenson's "rebirth" as julius erving's daughter
bing, erving honored during pregame martin luther king, jr. day ceremonies
julius erving holds court after hall of fame press conference
al bianchi: dr. j's first pro coach
"let it flow (for dr. j)": classic song for an all-time great
real nba: last night at the spectrum
rewriting history: julius erving's dunk over michael cooper, according to inside stuff magazine
usa today gives proper recognition to the aba
julius erving's 40 point games
happy 60th birthday, dr. j!
everything good takes time
erving-bird photo brings back memories
celebrating the 30th anniversary of the "no way even for dr. j reverse layup"
quotes from legends roundtable featuring julius erving, bob lanier, bill russell and bill walton
vintage erving jersey fetches $190,000 in auction
scp auctions set to sell huge collection of julius erving's awards and memorabilia
auction of erving memorabilia includes 144 items
julius erving denies that financial problems forced him to sell memorabilia
erving auction nets record $3.5 million
vintage photo of julius erving as a virginia squire
greatest sports legends: julius erving
happy 62nd birthday, julius erving!
julius erving rejoins 76ers as "strategic advisor"
dr. j is 63 years old
julius erving visits the inside the nba set
"the doctor": julius erving's life story in his own words
julius erving's poetic perspective on basketball greatness 
julius erving as viewed by his contemporaries
highlights from first virginia squires reunion
julius erving on being a role model
has anyone been a basketball hall of fame presenter more times than julius erving?
julius erving's best scoring streaks/most productive scoring months
julius erving's legend resonates nearly 30 years after he retired
imagining the young julius erving playing in today's nba
house call with dr. j podcast featuring isiah thomas 
george mumford and julius erving discuss mindfulness 
happy 70th birthday, julius erving!
narratives versus reality
happy 71st birthday, julius erving!
espn.com rewrites julius erving out of nba slam dunk contest history
rick barry and julius erving top the nets' 40 point game list
nba tv film room: julius "dr. j" erving and dominique "human highlight film" wilkins
nba tv celebrates julius erving's 72nd birthday by airing "sir charles and the doctor"
julius erving still holds the nets' franchise single game scoring record
robert parish declares that larry bird "earned" what he received from julius erving in the infamous bird-erving fight
the forgotten history of the "foul game" between the virginia squires and denver rockets
mac mcclung wows crowd, wins julius "dr. j" erving slam dunk contest trophy
celebrating julius erving's 73rd birthday by remembering an era when pro basketball teams used to try hard even in the preseason
erving-bird photo from 2024 all-star weekend sparks memories of a great rivalry
julius erving's playoff career

julius erving's playoff career, part i: yes, virginia, there is a man who can fly
julius erving's playoff career, part ii: two championships in three years with the nets
julius erving's playoff career, part iii: consistency, frustration and then a glorious championship run
julius erving's playoff career, part iv: a graceful descent
scottie pippen

overlooked and underrated: four fabulous forwards (february 2004)
scottie pippen interview
scottie pippen's place in basketball history
scottie pippen is no diplomat, but he knows basketball (december 31, 2007)
basketball hall of fame welcomes 10 new members, including karl malone, scottie pippen and two u.s. olympic teams (april 5, 2010)
it is wrong to call lebron james "lepippen" (august 3, 2010)
scottie pippen completes his journey from hamburg, arkansas to the basketball hall of fame (august 14, 2010)
scottie pippen is not bankrupt--and he is suing the morally bankrupt writers who libeled him (december 24, 2011)
can the 2012 bulls emulate the 1994 bulls? (may 1, 2012)
scottie pippen: all-around performer (july 22, 2015)
remember 25-8-6 about scottie pippen, not 1.8 (may 11, 2020)
scottie pippen was one of just three essential members of the chicago bulls' six championship teams (june 26, 2021)
scottie pippen's life story should be read, admired, and emulated  (november 12, 2021)
the pantheon

the pantheon: an examination of basketball greatness, part i
the pantheon: an examination of basketball greatness, part ii
the pantheon: an examination of basketball greatness, part iii
the pantheon: an examination of basketball greatness, part iv
the pantheon: an examination of basketball greatness, part v
why julius erving belongs in the greatest player of all-time conversation--and other pantheon-related issues 
lebron james proclaims himself "the greatest player of all-time" 
revising the nba's 50 greatest players list

revising the nba's 50 greatest players list, part i
revising the nba's 50 greatest players list, part ii
revising the nba's 50 greatest players list, part iii
revising the nba's 50 greatest players list, part iv
revising the nba's 50 greatest players list, part v
revising the nba's 50 greatest players list, part vi
the nba's 75th anniversary team

the nba's 75th anniversary team
other all-time teams

fred kerber's 12 man all-time nba team (2015)
sporting news selects all-time nba team (2011)
beckett basketball ranks the 50 greatest players (2010)
slam top 50 is a typically sloppy production (2009)
hubie brown

milwaukee bucks beat philadelphia 76ers 135-127 in hubie brown's final broadcast (2025)
george raveling's 2013 conversation/interview with hubie brown
doncic is doncic, washington shines early, and irving dominates fourth quarter as mavericks beat thunder, 105-101 (2024)
hubie brown analyzes russell westbrook and the l.a. lakers (2022)
sleepwalking lakers end "nightmare" season by being swept (2013)
hubie brown breaks down cleveland-orlando and lebron-kobe (2009)
seven great "hubie-isms" (2007)
hubie brown interview (2006)
roger brown
roger brown: ankle breaker and shot maker (december 27, 2004)
undefeated: the roger brown story (october 24, 2012)
interview with ted green, producer of "undefeated: the roger brown story" (october 30, 2012)
roger brown is finally elected to the basketball hall of fame! (february 16, 2013)
the neon presents special screening of "undefeated: the roger brown story" on thursday august 15 (august 13, 2013)
"undefeated" shows that roger brown's story is "a celebration, not a tragedy" (august 16, 2013)
the basketball hall of fame belatedly welcomes roger brown (september 9, 2013)
"undefeated: the roger brown story" makes its espn classic debut tonight! (december 12, 2014)
20,000 point club/25,000 point club/30,000 point club/40,000 point club
julius erving ignored as kobe bryant joins exclusive 25,000/5000/5000 club (february 4, 2011)
bryant joins erving and jordan in elite 30,000 point club (december 6, 2012)
aba numbers ignored as lebron james becomes youngest member of 20,000 point club (january 17, 2013)
kevin garnett is the 20th member of the 25,000 point club (february 8, 2013)
dirk nowitzki becomes just the third active member of the exclusive 25,000 point club (april 15, 2013)
lebron james becomes 24th--and youngest--member of the 25,000 point club (november 3, 2015)
underrated dirk nowitzki joins elite 30,000 point club (march 8, 2017)
lebron james becomes eighth--and youngest--member of the elite 30,000 point club (january 24, 2018)
carmelo anthony is the 25th member of the 25,000 point club (january 29, 2018)
vince carter joins the 25,000 point club (november 26, 2018)
examining pro basketball's 30,000 point club (march 24, 2022)
russell westbrook joins the elite 25,000 point club, and is the second player with 25,000 points/9000 assists/8000 rebounds (february 5, 2024)
lebron james establishes the 40,000 point club, but nuggets rally late to beat lakers, 124-114 (march 5, 2024)
kevin durant is the ninth member of pro basketball's 30,000 point club (february 12, 2025)
basketball themed fiction/poetry

doc on the break: early 1970s (poem written on may 14, 1987)
the dunk (poem written on may 14, 1987)
one on one (poem written on may 14, 1987)
basketball and ballet (short story written on march 17, 1988)
the floppy socked mopped top (poem written on april 3, 1988)
geometry, art--and doc (poem written on november 8, 1988)
wilt and bobby: not a random encounter (short story published at chess life online on november 10, 2006)
laugh a little

top 10 reasons you know that your nba comeback is over before it began
what if espn's main basketball blogger wrote about the miami heat the way that he writes about the l.a. lakers?
what if espn's main basketball blogger wrote about the chicago bulls the way that he writes about the l.a. lakers?
mvp selection criteria

making a point about mvps (april 18, 2008)
the best player is finally recognized as the "most valuable" (may 6, 2008)
an objective analysis of this season's mvp race (april 17, 2009)
selecting nba award winners: the battle of stats versus storylines versus logical analysis (april 14, 2011)
lebron james joins elite three mvp club (may 14, 2012)
lebron james joins pro basketball's elite four mvp club (may 6, 2013)
lebron james versus kevin durant: one more chapter in the eternal debate about mvp criteria (april 15, 2014)
handicapping the mvp race just past the quarter pole of the 2016-17 nba season (december 20, 2016)
mvp selection criteria (april 20, 2021)
mvp selection criteria ii (november 22, 2021)
nikola jokic becomes 10th member of pro basketball's three mvp club (may 9, 2024)
all-nba team and all-defensive team selection criteria

inside the nba crew hands out some hardware (april 13, 2007)
choosing this season's nba awards winners (april 15, 2008)
howard, bryant lead all-defensive team voting  (may 7, 2009)
james, bryant top all-nba voting  (may 14, 2009)
analyzing the votes for the all-defensive team and the all-nba team (may 7, 2010)
selecting nba award winners: the battle of stats versus storylines versus logical analysis (april 14, 2011)
bryant and garnett each earn all-defensive first team honors for the ninth time (may 10, 2011)
analysis of the all-nba team voting (may 13, 2011)
selecting the 2012 award winners (april 27, 2012)
interesting contrasts between all-defensive team voting and defensive player of the year voting (may 23, 2012)
all-nba selections mostly make sense despite not quite adding up (may 24, 2012)
who should win the 2013 nba awards? (april 18, 2013)
tony allen leads all-defensive team voting, larry sanders snubbed for center spot despite receiving more votes than marc gasol (may 13, 2013)
all-defensive team questions answered...partially (may 13, 2013)
lebron james, kobe bryant and tim duncan earn milestone all-nba selections (may 24, 2013)
the 2021 all-nba teams give full honors for part-time work (june 16, 2021)
the sporting news acknowledges the aba in all-nba team announcement (may 23, 2024)
100/100 club, 5x5 club

pro basketball's greatest ball hawks (september 22, 2007)
pro basketball's 100-100 club (august 17, 2009)
the 100-100 club revisited (december 31, 2015)
updating the 100/100 club from 2016-2023 (april 09, 2023)
victor wembanyama joins 5x5 club (february 24, 2024)
victor wembanyama notches his second career 5x5 game (november 1, 2024)
"advanced basketball statistics"

the counterfeit currency of david berri's wages of wins (october 20, 2007)
david west dominates as hornets throttle spurs, 101-82 (may 4, 2008; first game of charting chris paul's assists)
manu is the man as spurs eliminate hornets (may 20, 2008; second game of charting chris paul's assists)
economics is not a science, nor is basketball statistical analysis (october 2, 2008)
smooth all-around performance by paul lifts hornets over heat (november 9, 2008; third game of charting chris paul's assists)
a computer model reproduces data, it does not provide it (november 13, 2008)
charting assists for chris paul and tony parker in new orleans' 90-83 victory over san antonio  (december 18, 2008; fourth game of charting chris paul's assists)
paul and west lead hornets to 116-105 win over lakers (january 7, 2009; fifth game of charting chris paul's assists)
the proper application of basketball statistical analysis (february 23, 2009)
"the formula that killed wall street": a cautionary tale for anyone who places too much value on basketball statistical analysis (march 5, 2009)
if some of the numbers are bogus then how "advanced" are "advanced stats"? (march 31, 2009; sixth game of charting chris paul's assists)
charting assists for chris paul and jason kidd (april 12, 2009; seventh game of charting chris paul's assists)
the difference between measuring defense in basketball and baseball (april 30, 2009)
economics is not a science, nor is basketball statistical analysis, part ii (march 1, 2010)
economics is not a science, nor is basketball statistical analysis, part iii (september 12, 2010)
flawed box score numbers can lead to faulty conclusions (december 9, 2010)
ken pomeroy describes the limitations of plus/minus (february 11, 2011)
the strengths and limitations of "advanced basketball statistics" (march 8, 2012)
what the "stat gurus" say does not correspond with reality (april 12, 2012)
charting chris paul's assists versus the golden state warriors (november 1, 2013; eighth game of charting chris paul's assists)
charley rosen explains why statistics can be very misleading  (november 21, 2013)
"advanced basketball statistics" do not tell the complete andrew bynum story (february 13, 2014)
"stat gurus" forced to consider possibility that the "hot hand" exists  (april 14, 2014)
"stat gurus" learn value of the eye test (july 30, 2015)
the 76ers are the waterloo for "stat gurus" (december 9, 2015)
real basketball analytics (november 9, 2018)
daryl morey ranks james harden ahead of michael jordan as a scorer (august 17, 2019)
fun with nba finals field goal percentages (october 18, 2019)
efficiency versus high variance (august 24, 2020)
nuggets fail math and common sense (february 26, 2021)
what happened to dave berri? (april 1, 2021)
"sports economists: always wrong about everything" (april 1, 2021)
the nba's shot-specific shooting percentage data is misleading and meaningless (june 16, 2021)
nba stat padding is not new, and calls into question the accuracy and relevance of "advanced basketball statistics" (june 21, 2024)
evolution of the usage of the three point shot
the evolution of the usage of the three point shot
the evolution of the usage of the three point shot, part ii (december 10, 2016; includes a link to part i)
the evolution of the usage of the three point shot, part iii (march 19, 2020; includes links to parts i and ii)
the evolution of the usage of the three point shot, part iv (january 25, 2021; includes links to parts i, ii and iii)
2024 nba finals
celtics take big early lead, rout mavericks in game one of the nba finals
balanced celtics overcome doncic's triple double to take 2-0 lead
celtics deliver knockout after withstanding mavericks' initial punch
mavericks rout celtics, avoid being swept
boston celtics cap dominant season with dominant win over dallas mavericks
2023 nba finals
jokic's versatility cools off heat as nuggets win game one of the nba finals
miami dissects denver's defective defense
jokic leads the way as nuggets dominate heat, reclaim homecourt advantage
nuggets never trail in second half, beat heat 108-95 to take 3-1 lead
nuggets grind out game five win, clinch franchise's first title
2022 nba finals
celtics prove to be road warriors, rally from 15 point deficit to beat golden state
warriors ride late third quarter run to blowout victory
bigger, stronger, faster celtics overwhelm and outlast warriors
curry shines as warriors tie series, regain homecourt advantage
andrew wiggins leads the way as warriors beat celtics to take 3-2 nba finals lead
warriors overwhelm celtics, win fourth nba title in eight seasons
2021 nba finals
paul, booker, and ayton shine as suns beat bucks 118-105
suns overcome antetokounmpo's 42 points, take 2-0 lead
antetokounmpo dominates as bucks rout suns in game three, 120-100
antetokounmpo and middleton lead the way as bucks defeat the suns 109-103 to tie the finals at 2-2
bucks mount big comeback, win game five in phoenix
antekounmpo dominates as bucks capture their first nba title since 1971
2020 nba finals
lakers overcome slow start, rout heat in game one
davis and james dominate as lakers take 2-0 lead 
butler did it: heat cool off lakers, 115-104
lebron dominates in second half as lakers take 3-1 lead 
butler and james play masterfully as heat outlast lakers, 111-108
lakers dominate paint, rout heat to capture nba championship 
2019 nba finals
raptors control game one, defeat warriors 118-109
gritty golden state beats toronto 109-104 in game two of the nba finals
leonard leads balanced attack as raptors subdue warriors to take 2-1 lead
kawhi not? leonard leads way as raptors are one win away from dethroning warriors
durant provides spark before getting injured again, warriors hang on to beat raptors, 106-105
raptors overcome valiant warriors, win first nba title
2018 nba finals
golden state survives lebron james' 51 point outburst, wins 124-114 in overtime
stephen curry hits finals single-game record nine three pointers as warriors rout cavaliers, 122-103
kevin durant leads the way as golden state takes a commanding 3-0 lead over cleveland
warriors sweep cavaliers and earn third title in four years with 108-85 win
nba finals notes and comments: warriors’ dominance, lebron’s hand/mind and how legacies are defined
2017 nba finals
durant dominates as warriors rout cavaliers, 113-91
durant and curry are magnificent as warriors roll to 132-113 win
warriors stun cavaliers with late 11-0 run to take 3-0 series lead
put away the brooms: feisty cavaliers defeat warriors
mission accomplished: durant leads warriors to championship-clinching game five victory
2016 nba finals
how much blame does lebron james deserve for cleveland's 0-2 deficit? 
is lebron james the modern wilt chamberlain?
james, irving excel as cavs avoid elimination
lebron james makes a strong case that he is the best player on the planet as cavaliers force game seven
lebron james and the cleveland cavaliers make history by overcoming a 3-1 deficit to win game seven on the road
2015 nba finals
lebron james did a lot--but not quite enough--in golden state's 108-100 game one win over cleveland
cavaliers tie series as james posts triple double and curry struggles
cleveland shows the value of the paint--and the true mvp
warriors regain homecourt advantage with 103-82 game four win
warriors demonstrate folly of trying to play small ball against them, take 3-2 finals lead over cavaliers
iggy does it: andre iguodala wins finals mvp as golden state claims first title since 1975
2014 nba finals
spurs' teamwork overwhelms heat's star-centered approach
2013 nba finals
death by execution: efficient spurs chill sloppy heat 
sizzling second half run propels heat to game two win 
three-mendous: spurs' long range barrage buries heat 
james, wade and bosh lead the way as the heat melt the spurs 
manu the magnificent: revived ginobili spurs san antonio to 3-2 finals lead 
heat force seventh game after spurs squander late fourth quarter lead 
bill russell's insights about the 2013 nba finals 
lebron james dominates as miami heat win second straight championship
2012 nba finals
durant outduels james as thunder take 1-0 finals lead
heat build huge lead, hold off late thunder rally to even finals at 1-1
exceptional free throw marksmanship lifts heat over thunder
heat come back from 17 point deficit, take 3-1 finals lead
lebron james leads with a triple double as heat win first title of the big three era
the definitive analysis of the 2011 nba finals
dallas' lone star outshines miami's three stars in the clutch
2011 nba lockout coverage
trade deadline deals show how lebron's "decision" is reshaping the nba (february 27, 2011)
the real deal about the nba lockout (october 11, 2011)
nba lockout: three ds (october 29, 2011)
nba lockout enters "nuclear winter" (november 14, 2011)
tentative agreement reached to end nba lockout (november 26, 2011)
team usa wins the 2008 olympic gold medal

analyzing team usa's 12 man roster
scenes from "road to redemption"
team usa opens exhibition tour with 120-65 win over canada
jason kidd's value goes far beyond numbers
huge second quarter run lifts team usa to 114-82 win over turkey
team usa applies defensive pressure, beats lithuania 120-84
lebron james: "we have to be a no excuse team"
team usa grinds out 89-68 win versus russia
team usa overcomes sluggish start to beat australia, 87-76
team usa pre-olympic exhibition tour report card
team usa exhibition tour report card
team usa olympic schedule and preview
bryant, james and wade dazzle as team usa routs china, 101-70
team usa improves to 2-0 with 97-76 win over angola
team usa's suffocating defense stymies greece, 92-69
when did jason kidd become public enemy number one?
kobe bryant: "we understand the significance and importance of representing our country"
team usa demolishes spain, 119-82
team usa-argentina olympic semifinal preview
team usa topples defending olympic champion argentina, 101-81
team usa-spain gold medal game preview
kobe takes over in the fourth quarter, team usa defeats spain 118-107 to claim olympic gold
the difference for team usa was kobe bryant
team usa olympics report card
2012 team usa olympics coverage

team usa's 12 man roster is officially announced
kevin durant leads the way as team usa cruises to 113-59 victory against the dominican republic
sluggish team usa outlasts brazil, 80-69
team usa's quickness overwhelms great britain
team usa survives against veteran argentina squad
team usa trails early, rallies to rout spain
team usa opens olympics with 98-71 win over france
team usa sleepwalks early before routing tunisia
team usa dominates nigeria
lebron james takes over in the clutch as team usa survives major scare versus lithuania
team usa's depth overwhelms argentina
bryant emerges from shooting slump and james has historic triple double as team usa beats australia
team usa wears down argentina to reach gold medal game
durant, james and bryant lead as team usa beats spain in gold medal game
2012 team usa report card
2016 team usa olympics coverage

team usa routs china 119-62 in olympics opener
team usa blows out venezuela after first quarter wake-up call
team usa rallies from halftime deficit to beat australia, 98-88
team usa takes big lead, then survives furious comeback to edge serbia, 94-91
team usa edges france 100-97 to finish 5-0 in group a play 
team usa overcomes typical sluggish start to defeat argentina, 105-78
team usa outlasts spain to advance to the gold medal game versus serbia
kevin durant dominates as team usa routs serbia 96-66 in gold medal game
2020 (2021) team usa olympics coverage

assessing team usa after the 83-76 loss to france
team usa's rout of iran should be expected, not celebrated 
team usa overcomes slow start, routs czech republic 119-84 as durant breaks u.s. olympic career scoring record
kevin durant leads rally from double digit deficit as team usa defeats spain, 95-81
team usa survives another slow start, blows out australia 97-78 to advance to the gold medal game
team usa avenges early loss to france, claims fourth straight olympic gold medal
2024 team usa olympics coverage

thoughts about team usa's performance in the usa basketball showcase
team usa cruises to 3-0 record in pool play, earns top seed in medal round
team usa routs brazil 122-87 to move within two wins of capturing olympic gold
team usa overcomes 17 point deficit to defeat serbia, 95-91
stephen curry's late three point barrage leads team usa to 98-87 olympic gold medal game win over france 
team usa in non-olympics fiba events

team usa smashes puerto rico 114-69 (august 4, 2006)
team usa wins second exhibition game, trouncing china 119-73 (august 7, 2006)
team usa narrowly beats brazil, 90-86 (august 8, 2006)
team usa rolls to a 111-88 win versus lithuania (august 13, 2006)
team usa concludes exhibition tour with 116-63 win over korea (august 15, 2006)
bruce bowen is cut from the world championship roster (august 18, 2006)
team usa starts sluggishly, rallies to beat puerto rico 111-100 (august 19, 2006)
team usa routs china 121-90 (august 21, 2006)
team usa clinches berth in round of 16 with 114-95 win over slovenia (august 23, 2006)
team usa overcomes nine point halftime deficit, beats italy 94-85  (august 23, 2006)
team usa dominates senegal 103-58 (august 24, 2006)
team usa rolls into quarterfinals with a 113-73 win over australia (august 27, 2006)
team usa wears down germany, 85-65 (august 30, 2006)
greece shreds team usa's defense, wins 101-95 (september 1, 2006)
spain defeats argentina for the tenth straight time, 75-74 (september 1, 2006)
team usa beats argentina 96-81, wins bronze medal (september 2, 2006)
spain routs greece 70-47 to claim the fiba world championship (september 3, 2006)
carmelo anthony selected to all-world championship team (september 5, 2006)
team usa roster taking shape one week before fiba americas tournament (august 17, 2007)
how does the fiba game differ from the nba game? (august 19, 2007)
team usa needs bruce bowen more than it needs michael redd (august 21, 2007)
team usa roster for fiba americas tournament is finalized (august 22, 2007)
team usa beats venezuela 112-69 in fiba americas tournament opener (august 23, 2007)
redd hot: michael redd, carmelo anthony each score 22 points as team usa routs u.s. virgin islands, 123-59 (august 24, 2007)
no, canada: team usa rolls to 113-63 win (august 25, 2007)
kobe bryant shuts down leandro barbosa, team usa routs brazil 113-76  (august 27, 2007)
team usa defeats mexico 127-100, improves to 5-0 (august 28, 2007)
team usa cruises to 117-78 win over puerto rico (august 29, 2007)
perfect storm: lebron james does not miss a shot, team usa cruises by uruguay, 118-79 (august 30, 2007)
team usa defeats argentina 91-76, improves to 8-0 (august 31, 2007)
team usa routs puerto rico 135-91, earns berth in 2008 olympics (september 2, 2007)
team usa dominates argentina 118-81, wins gold medal in fiba americas tournament (september 3, 2007)
the real story behind team usa's losses in previous fiba events (september 4, 2007)
team usa faces major challenge in fiba world championship (august 26, 2010)
kevin durant leads the way as team usa wins fiba world championship for first time since 1994  (september 13, 2010)
team usa’s fiba world cup struggles and the myth of “olympic melo” (september 4, 2019)
we're number seven! gregg popovich is defiantly proud of team usa's worst finish ever (september 14, 2019)
team usa's fiba world cup loss to lithuania is deja vu all over again (september 4, 2023)
team usa routs italy 100-63, advances to fiba world cup semifinals (september 5, 2023)
germany advances to fiba world cup finals after upsetting team usa, 113-111 (september 8, 2023)
oh, canada! team usa loses fiba world cup bronze medal game to canada in overtime, 127-118 (september 10, 2023)
2010 all-star weekend

lebron james' impressive all-star game resume
dreary weather does not put a damper on the start of all-star weekend in dallas
dream team, top 50 players malone and pippen among 19 hall of fame finalists
jerry colangelo pledges that hall of fame will recognize worthy players who have "slipped through the cracks"
news, nuggets and notes from saturday's media availability sessions
tyreke evans earns mvp honors as rookies end sophomores' seven game rookie challenge winning streak
lebron james all-star saturday interview
nowitzki and nash lend a maverick flavor to all-star saturday night
legends brunch honors alonzo mourning, five great mavs
dwyane wade leads east all-stars to thrilling victory in front of the largest basketball crowd ever
2009 all-star weekend

jam session grand opening, wheelchair all-star game highlight first day of all-star weekend
rick barry interview
jordan, robinson, stockton headline list of hall of fame finalists
kobe talking about shaq, shaq talking about kobe--and phil jackson talking about both
adidas formally unveils new high tech uniforms
will the triangle offense make an appearance in the all-star game?
nba finals mvp trophy named after bill russell
champions dethroned on all-star saturday night
nba legends brunch honors phoenix' rich basketball history
no shaq-kobe drama--just a win and some laughs
2008 all-star weekend

learning about the french quarter (thursday february 14)
gibson shoots down rookies (friday february 15)
superman takes over new orleans (saturday february 16)
james' jam punctuates east's win (sunday february 17)
2007 all-star weekend

no time to sleep (thursday february 15)
potential pip comeback creates extra buzz (friday february 16)
the kobe show is in full effect/veteran shaq still the class clown (reports from saturday and sunday)
2006 all-star weekend

observations from barkley and naismith (friday feb. 17)
honoring the past, anticipating the future (saturday feb. 18)
spud helps nate steal the show (sunday feb. 19)
king james reigns in houston (monday feb. 20)
all-star weekend recap (tuesday feb. 21)
2005 all-star weekend

aba reunion held in denver during nba all-star weekend
interview with bob lanier and nba senior vp kathy behrens
the aba "ol’ school reunion" rates a perfect 10

catching up with...

kevin mackey
dave bing
greg kelser
book reviews

vincent mallozzi's "doc": the ultimate hack job (november 11, 2009)
pluto-windhorst book details lebron's formative years (february 25, 2010)
roland lazenby describes jerry west's triumphs and torments, part i (march 23, 2010)
roland lazenby describes jerry west's triumphs and torments, part ii (march 24, 2010)
pat williams' "the winning combination" (june 28, 2010)
wooden: basketball & beyond documents a life well lived (november 1, 2011)
west by west paints an intimate self portrait of a driven and complex man (november 3, 2011)
when the garden was eden: a nostalgic trip through the golden age of new york hoops (november 21, 2011)
joe tait: a cleveland treasure recalls a lifetime spent behind the microphone  (december 4, 2011)
scott raab's hate letter to lebron james (january 3, 2012)
echoes from laettner's shot still reverberate 20 years later (february 3, 2012)
james wolfe's new novel explores ncaa's worst nightmare: a fixed championship game (march 14, 2012)
garret kramer's stillpower provides a fresh perspective about coaching, competition and life (october 3, 2012)
the power of negative thinking: bob knight explains his coaching philosophy (march 4, 2013)
tim grover's relentless training approach and the dark side of greatness (april 15, 2013)
beating the nba: tales from a frugal fan (june 27, 2013)
warren jabali biography provides insight about a unique athlete/philosopher (december 7, 2013)
julius erving offers thoughtful, moving reflections in his autobiography (december 23, 2013)
backspin chronicles pete strobl's basketball odyssey (april 17, 2014)
"rebel with a cause": danny tarkanian tells the story of his famous father (march 22, 2020)
seth davis writes the definitive john wooden biography (april 16, 2020)
lessons from the zen master: a review of phil jackson's "eleven rings" (april 19, 2020)
roland lazenby details magic johnson's triumphs and tribulations (february 28, 2024)
author interviews

part i of my interview with gus alfieri, author of lapchick
part ii of my interview with gus alfieri, author of lapchick
part iii of my interview with gus alfieri, author of lapchick
part iv of my interview with gus alfieri, author of lapchick
part v of my interview with gus alfieri, author of lapchick
part i of my interview with andrew blauner, editor of coach: 25 writers reflect on people who made a difference
part ii of my interview with andrew blauner, editor of coach: 25 writers reflect on people who made a difference
interview with bill woten, author of game seven: inside the nba's ultimate showdown
interview with filip bondy, author of tip-off: how the 1984 nba draft changed basketball forever
part i of an interview with dr. charles "chic" hess, author of "prof blood and the wonder teams"
part ii of an interview with dr. charles "chic" hess, author of "prof blood and the wonder teams"
part iii of an interview with dr. charles "chic" hess, author of "prof blood and the wonder teams"
interview with orlando magic senior vice president and co-founder pat williams, part i
interview with orlando magic senior vice president and co-founder pat williams, part ii
pat williams' quest to understand the winning combination (may 2010)
interview with gary pomerantz, author of wilt, 1962: the night of 100 points and the dawn of a new era (march 2012)
interview with tim grover, author of relentless  (april 2013)
interview with edward hershey (september 2013)
interview with gene jones, developer of triviation (july 2014)
the nba in the 1970s

the nba in the 1970s: the hawk soars into the nba; willis reed limps into immortality
the nba in the 1970s: spencer haywood jumps leagues; the bucks blank the bullets
the nba in the 1970s: mr. clutch finally gets a championship ring
the nba in the 1970s: the rolls royce backcourt drives off with the title
the nba in the 1970s: celtic pride reborn
the nba in the 1970s: enter the high schoolers: moses from virginia and chocolate thunder from lovetron
the nba in the 1970s: rick barry is superman
the nba in the 1970s: the greatest game ever played
the nba in the 1970s: one big happy league
the nba in the 1970s: the dynasty that never was; the opera isn’t over until the fat lady sings
the nba in the 1970s: sonic boom
the nba in the 1970s: roone’s revenge
the way we were: celtics-lakers

the way we were, part i: celtics-lakers, 1984 (june 3, 2008)
the way we were, part ii: celtics-lakers, 1985 (june 4, 2008)
the way we were, part iii: celtics-lakers, 1987 (june 5, 2008)
classic confrontations

classic confrontations: walt frazier vs. earl monroe (august 2004)
classic confrontations: boston vs. st. louis (october 2004)
classic confrontations: pacers vs. colonels (december 2004)
classic confrontation: dave debusschere versus gus johnson (april 14, 2006)
classic confrontation: wilt versus shaq (may 23, 2006)
bill tosheff and the plight of the pre-1965ers

bill tosheff: nba co-rookie of the year and tireless advocate for the "pre-1965ers" (part i, march 1, 2009)
bill tosheff: nba co-rookie of the year and tireless advocate for the "pre-1965ers" (part ii, march 2, 2009)
bill tosheff: champion for the "pre-1965ers" (november 25, 2011)
nba/aba history

bob cousy interview (june 15, 2004)
andrew toney: a postseason strangler (august 2004)
supergames i & ii: the 1971 and 1972 nba-aba all-star games (october 2004)
the aba's unsung heroes (october 2004)
bob dandridge reconsidered (october 2004)
sam jones: the smoothest celtic (december 2004)
james "captain late" silas commanded respect in the clutch (february/march 2005)
the nba in the 1970s (april 18, 2005)
artis gilmore: still waiting for hall of fame call (july 2005)
oscar robertson interview (july 25, 2005)
the enigmatic antoine walker (august 2005) 
warren jabali in his own words (august 31, 2005)
the greatest basketball players of all-time, part i (september 9, 2005)
the greatest basketball players of all-time, part ii (october 25, 2005)
walt frazier: the embodiment of seventies style (december 2005)
artis gilmore: when will the a-train arrive at the hall of fame? (december 2005)
hal greer: productive, consistent and durable (january 2006)
lanier's impact felt on and off the court (january 2006)
oscar robertson black heritage celebration interview (january 26, 2006)
carr's records stand test of time (march 7, 2006)
patrick ewing: from "hoya destroya" to yao's mentor (april 3, 2006)
virtuoso artists kobe and lebron make the playoffs a joy to watch (may 2006)
would you pay $20 million for an old diesel? (june 3, 2006)
alex english: a true basketball artist (june 9, 2006)
john havlicek: the ultimate complete player (july 3, 2006)
mario elie on the "kiss of death" shot and his long road to the nba (august 2006)
mario elie compares hakeem olajuwon and tim duncan (august 2006)
len elmore: athlete, attorney and advocate for social change (august 4, 2006)
phil chenier: a straight shooter (september 5, 2006)
satch sanders: unsung celtic hero (october 13, 2006)
phil hubbard: playing within limits (november 9, 2006)
world b. free: from rucker park to the nba finals (december 23, 2006)
transcript of february 9, 2007 online chat at sports.sina.com
mark aguirre: dropping knowledge (february 14, 2007)
mark aguirre: "dvd extras" (february 18, 2007)
billy knight: the quiet assassin (april 9, 2007)
steve kerr: "i just got by with what i had" (may 14, 2007)
dave cowens helped restore celtics pride (june 21, 2007)
john macleod: the man behind the suns' rise (july 18, 2007)
joe caldwell: banned from basketball (august 16, 2007)
mike gale's journey from elizabeth city state to the aba finals  (september 16, 2007)
ollie taylor: battling giants at 6-2 (october 9, 2007)
paul westphal: celtic sub shined brightly as a sun (november 20, 2007)
dan majerle: evolving to survive (december 18, 2007)
lebron and boobie turn new orleans into cleveland south (february 23, 2008)
jack sikma: dependable and durable (february 27, 2008)
t-mac proves worth during streak (march 15, 2008)
dennis johnson: "airplane" flew to three nba titles (march 18, 2008)
dell curry: stephen's dad was a great sharpshooter too (april 22, 2008)
the "25-5-5" club (may 5, 2008)
playoff scoring champions (may 21, 2008)
mark price shot, passed and "split" his way into the nba's elite (june 22, 2008)
to repeat or not repeat--that is the question (june 29, 2008)
memorable moments and milestones in sonics' history (july 5, 2008)
hakeem olajuwon's journey from nigeria to the basketball hall of fame (september 3, 2008)
patrick ewing: fifth member of "dream team" to be inducted in basketball hall of fame (september 4, 2008)
adrian dantley: the mystery man (september 5, 2008)
high flyers and free throw shooting (november 10, 2008)
sam cassell: a student of the game evolves into a teacher (november 18, 2008)
durant back in his comfort zone at small forward (november 27, 2008)
one-on-one with shane battier (january 14, 2009)
chuck daly: a winner at all levels of the game (may 9, 2009)
slam top 50 is a typically sloppy production (june 6, 2009)
lebron james’ magnificent playoff run is one for the ages (june 19, 2009)
who's the boss (october 13, 2009 reprint of 2006-07 lindy's pro basketball cover story)
ronny turiaf interview (november 3, 2009)
allen iverson's legacy (november 26, 2009)
sporting news strikes again (february 4, 2010)
beckett basketball ranks the 50 greatest players (june 30, 2010)
love's double double streak is impressive but the nba's orwellian memory hole is disturbing (march 10, 2011)
shaq achieved so much--and could have achieved so much more (june 6, 2011)
the a train makes an overdue arrival at the basketball hall of fame (august 13, 2011)
sporting news selects all-time nba team (november 9, 2011)
mel daniels finally receives long overdue hall of fame call (february 24, 2012)
deron williams did not set nets' single game scoring record (march 5, 2012)
reflections on the 2012 basketball hall of fame class (september 8, 2012)
herb turetzky: the original net (october 5, 2012)
strong leadership is david stern's legacy (october 26, 2012)
remembering warren jabali (february 18, 2013)
jerry buss: championship or bust (february 19, 2013)
hill, kidd retirements mark end of an era (june 3, 2013)
twyman-stokes award honors the enduring importance of friendship and character (june 10, 2013)
1973 aba all-star game highlights showcase warren jabali's mvp performance (june 26, 2013)
sam smith's 2002 list of the 10 greatest nba centers (july 17, 2013)
tracy mcgrady is clearly a hall of famer  (august 27, 2013)
tracy mcgrady's underrated career (august 31, 2013)
remembering bill sharman, star player and coaching innovator (november 5, 2013)
the amazing allen iverson (november 12, 2013)
walt "big bells" bellamy rang up some impressive numbers (november 26, 2013)
basketball hall of fame finally honors bobby "slick" leonard (february 28, 2014)
bobby "slick" leonard remembers the aba during his basketball hall of fame speech (august 9, 2014)
"bobby 'slick' leonard: heart of a hoosier" captures the essence of an indiana sports icon (august 17, 2014)
louie dampier earns direct election into the basketball hall of fame (february 28, 2015)
olympic star/aba mvp/nba all-star spencer haywood receives overdue hall of fame selection (april 12, 2015)
the one and only harvey pollack loved the nba and loved numbers (june 26, 2015)
darryl "chocolate thunder" dawkins leaves behind a legacy of dunks, laughter and love (august 28, 2015)
three-time mvp moses malone dies unexpectedly at age 60 (september 13, 2015)
mel daniels, cornerstone of the pacers' aba dynasty years, leaves behind a rich legacy (october 31, 2015)
selecting a "franchise four" for the nba's cornerstone franchises (november 25, 2015)
dolph schayes, scorer/rebounder/passer extraordinaire, passes away at 87 (december 10, 2015)
justin termine's all-1970s and all-1980s teams (september 17, 2016)
placing kevin garnett's career in proper context is complicated (september 27, 2016)
in perpetuity: the story of the silna brothers (october 18, 2016)
rest in peace, mike gale (august 2, 2020)
hall of famer tommy heinsohn left an indelible legacy as a player, coach, and broadcaster (november 10, 2020)
remembering eugene "goo" kennedy (december 10, 2020)
k.c. jones: consummate champion (december 25, 2020)
rest in peace, paul westphal (january 2, 2021)
elgin baylor's underappreciated greatness (march 23, 2021)
remembering hall of famer and ncaa/aba champion bobby "slick" leonard (april 13, 2021)
sam jones' clutch scoring provided crucial complement to bill russell's defense and rebounding (january 3, 2022)
a tribute to hall of fame coach bill fitch (february 3, 2022)
rest in peace herb turetzky, the original net (april 5, 2022)
gene shue's remarkable nba career should never be forgotten (april 6, 2022)
bob lanier, hall of famer and nba ambassador, passed away at age 73 (may 11, 2022)
remembering bill russell, the greatest champion in north american team sports history (august 11, 2022)
remembering pete carril, who personified the concept of the smart taking from the strong (august 15, 2022)
paul silas excelled as a college player, as an nba player, and as an nba coach (december 11, 2022)
the nba community mourns the loss of david benner, the pacers' p.r. director for three decades (march 2, 2023)
remembering willis reed, the heart and soul of the new york knicks (march 21, 2023)
is stephen curry the greatest point guard of all-time? (august 22, 2023)
stan von nieda--first nba player to live longer than 100 years--passed away (september 10, 2023)
walter davis: the greyhound (november 3, 2023)
remembering george mcginnis, two-time aba champion and 1975 aba regular season co-mvp (december 15, 2023)
george gervin: an appreciation (december 21, 2023)
remembering earl "the twirl" cureton (february 5, 2024)
mac mcclung wins second consecutive nba slam dunk contest (february 18, 2024)
the 2024 nba legends brunch honors tamika catchings, jalen rose, reggie miller, and larry bird while also featuring aba panel discussion (february 20, 2024)
the 2024 nba all-star game descends to new lows as any pretense of defense is abandoned (february 20, 2024)
timberwolves stun nuggets in denver with biggest second half comeback in nba game seven history (may 20, 2024; includes discussion about nba's repeat champions)
reflections on bill walton's legacy (may 27, 2024)
chet walker made a significant impact on and off the court (june 10, 2024)
jerry west: the logo left behind a lasting legacy (june 13, 2024)
remembering joe "jellybean" bryant, nba player/european player and father of kobe bryant (july 17, 2024)
reflections on the extraordinary basketball life of pat williams (july 18, 2024)
remembering al attles, who served the warriors for six decades as a player, coach, general manager, and ambassador (august 22, 2024)
remembering nick mileti, founding owner of the cleveland cavaliers (august 28, 2024)
attorney roy e. brownell ii makes the historical, logical, and moral case for the nba to officially count aba statistics (august 30, 2024)
reflecting on dikembe mutombo's legacy (september 30, 2024)
remembering bob "butterbean" love, stalwart forward for the 1970s chicago bulls (november 19, 2024)
lou carnesecca radiated joy and humor during his hall of fame coaching career (december 2, 2024)
gus williams played a key role for seattle's 1979 championship team (january 17, 2025)
wayback machine

wayback machine, part i: the 1975 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part ii: the 1976 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part iii: the 1977 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part iv: the 1978 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part v: the 1979 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part vi: the 1980 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part vii: the 1981 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part viii: the 1982 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part ix: the 1983 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part x: the 1984 complete handbook of pro basketball
wayback machine, part xi: the 1985 complete handbook of pro basketball
basketball 101: strategy, tactics and analysis

the art and science of nba defense (february 2005)
interview with sacramento kings' assistant coach pete carril (april 2005)
interview with dallas mavericks' assistant coach del harris (april 2005)
will the supersized big east become the greatest conference ever? (november 2005) 
hank egan describes the cavaliers' efforts to become san antonio east (published january 2006) 
hank egan interview (november 7, 2006)
rebounding tips from dennis rodman, larry miller and ollie taylor
hubie brown: "dr. j could turn your building against you"
a scout's-eye view of the game
the san antonio spurs: older and wiser--or just older?
suns eclipse pacers, 103-92 (features an exclusive one on one interview with suns coach mike d'antoni)
making your teammates better (may 23, 2007)
chess and basketball (september 8, 2007)
paul westhead: never slowing down
let’s make a deal: breaking down this season’s biggest trades (2/28/08)
breaking down the lakers' three seasons (3/26/08)
requiem for the detroit pistons (june 1, 2008)
hank egan explains gregg popovich's thought process regarding the "hack a shaq"
exclusive interview with espn's fran fraschilla, part i
exclusive interview with espn's fran fraschilla, part ii
exclusive interview with espn's fran fraschilla, part iii
exclusive interview with espn's fran fraschilla, part iv
athletic intelligence
coaching legend pete newell passes away at the age of 93
the difference between talent and depth
a closer look at the lakers' defense through the eyes of jim cleamons, frank hamblen and stu lantz (12/9/08) 
celtics seek record start (dec. 11, 2008)
has nba ever had three teams this dominant at the same time? (december 21, 2008) 
should we believe in magic? (january 24, 2009)
honestly evaluating the denver-detroit deal (february 3, 2009)
is carmelo anthony underrated? (february 27, 2009)
forward thinking: position switch boosts durant's game (march 4, 2009)
sunset in phoenix (march 16, 2009)
the roy should be spelled r-o-s-e (april 3, 2009)
melo's late three pointer after a blown call puts nuggets up 3-0 (may 10, 2009)
(includes coach george karl's take on statistics and a discussion of dirk nowitzki's clutch playoff performances) 
howard's triumph over james may be a sign that the nba is going back to the future (june 2, 2009)
cavs’ 2009 season provided reasons for hope, reasons for concern (june 16, 2009)
comparing the '09 lakers to champs of the past (june 23, 2009)
allen iverson ends short-lived retirement (december 8, 2009)
nba truths (february 5, 2010)
magic pound pacers, move closer to capturing second overall seed (includes interviews with stan van gundy, jim o'brien, dwight howard and vince carter; april 13, 2010)
analyzing the collapse of the 2010-11 cleveland cavaliers (july 7, 2011)
chris palmer's nba player rankings by position (august 2, 2011)
wilt chamberlain: the numbers don't lie (december 27, 2011)
jeremy lin skill set analysis and infographic (february 18, 2012)
durant shoots his way to mvp honors, bryant surpasses jordan on all-star career scoring list (february 27, 2012)
thoughts on wilt, kobe and lebron (march 3, 2012)
comparing the nash effect with the bryant effect (march 6, 2012)
can jeremy lin really save the poorly constructed knicks? (march 12, 2012)
lessons learned from dallas' quick playoff demise (may 8, 2012)
quick thoughts on the james harden trade (october 30, 2012)
james harden regresses to the mean (november 14, 2012)
a tale of two cities: the rise of the knicks and the fall of the lakers (december 14, 2012)
avery johnson is a victim of unrealistic expectations (december 28, 2012)
chris paul's dazzling shooting and passing cap off the 2013 all-star weekend (february 18, 2013)
kobe bryant and lebron james win february player of the month awards (march 2, 2013)
heat winning streak demonstrates the greatness of lebron james--and tracy mcgrady (march 14, 2013)
why james harden and pau gasol should not be considered elite players (april 26, 2013)
real talk about media coverage of nba coaching (may 5, 2013)
defense rules as the second round begins (may 6, 2013)
harden's playoff bricklaying reveals cracks in houston's "foundation" (may 7, 2013)
miami reclaims home court advantage against determined but shorthanded chicago (may 11, 2013)
commentators lose the thread when analyzing the memphis-oklahoma city series (may 12, 2013)
the difference between being the third option and being the first option (may 13, 2013)
requiem for a contender: westbrook injury sealed thunder's fate (may 16, 2013)
spurs tame grizzlies in game one of the western conference finals (may 20, 2013)
coach lionel hollins reveals what he thinks of the rudy gay trade (may 22, 2013)
p.j. carlesimo and jon barry agree with frank vogel's roy hibbert decision (may 23, 2013)
recurring themes: san antonio's game three win over memphis featured familiar storylines (may 26, 2013)
spurs sweep offensively challenged grizzlies (may 28, 2013)
examining the collapse of the "leastern" conference (december 13, 2013)
revisiting the james harden trade (january 9, 2014)
all-star weekend impressions (february 19, 2014)
nba potpourri: james harden, david blatt, and the new york knicks' mess (january 4, 2015)
terri-bull: premature breakup of the jordan-pippen bulls demonstrated why tanking does not work (december 14, 2015)
the 100-100 club revisited (december 31, 2015)
player evaluation, media bias and false narratives (april 27, 2019)
game seven sunday featured a rare road win and an unprecedented buzzer beater (may 14, 2019)
narratives versus reality (june 2, 2020)
what is next for the milwaukee bucks and giannis antetokounmpo? (september 9, 2020)
objectively assessing daryl morey's legacy (october 16, 2020)
thoughts on the nba's play-in tournament (may 17, 2021)
stephen curry sets record for career three pointers made as warriors beat knicks 105-96 (december 15, 2021)
james harden's elimination game history (may 11, 2022)
doncic eclipses suns as mavericks reach the western conference finals for the first time since 2011 (may 16, 2022)
updating the 100/100 club from 2016-2023 (april 9, 2023)
jayson tatum scores game seven record 51 points as celtics roll over listless 76ers, 112-88  (may 14, 2023)
doncic shines, harden disappears as mavericks rout clippers 123-93 to take 3-2 series lead (may 2, 2024)
harden’s concert tour starts on schedule, ends clippers’ season (may 4, 2024)
the nba playoffs are about matchups, not momentum (may 13, 2024)
new york state of mind

new york state of mind (march 24, 2009)
new york state of mind, part ii (march 26, 2009)
new york state of mind, part iii (may 10, 2012)
phil jackson calls new york's roster "clumsy" (june 17, 2012)
new york state of mind, part iv (august 9, 2013)
new york state of mind, part v: the phil jackson edition (march 14, 2014)
new york state of mind, part vi (july 7, 2017)
michael jordan

what is love? the greatest nba commercial of all-time (july 4, 2007)
michael jordan views hall of fame induction as sign of mortality (april 7, 2009)
michael jackson's artistry will never be matched or forgotten (june 26, 2009; includes "jam" video with michael jackson and michael jordan)
michael jordan: feels like another one (february 17, 2012)
michael jordan always attacked the citadels (february 17, 2013)
dr. j, air jordan, kobe, lebron and william goldman's battle to the death (july 2, 2013)
love of the game (july 25, 2013)
the 1997-98 chicago bulls' "last dance" (may 18, 2020)
kobe bryant

kobe bryant: perception versus reality (february 2005)
all-star weekend interview with kobe bryant (march 2005)
kobe 62, dallas 61 (december 2005)
kobe versus lebron: the measure of greatness (january 2006)
81! kobe bryant overshadows championship sunday (january 2006)
kobe's january performance is one for the ages (february 2006)
kobe bryant and allen iverson: more top 40 hits than anyone on the billboard charts (march 2006)
kobe bryant: 2006 mvp (march 2006)
virtuoso artists kobe and lebron make the playoffs a joy to watch (april 2006)
"everything turns on a trifle" (may 2006)
kobe bryant unplugged (november 2006 chris myers interview)
perfect storm: kobe bryant scores 30 third quarter points without missing a shot, drops 52 as lakers rout jazz, 132-102 (december 2006)
kobe bryant is amazing (53-10-8 versus houston, december 2006)
a "sad" performance for the lakers at indiana (february 3, 2007; includes kobe bryant interview)
kobe sizzles, lakers fizzle in 99-90 loss at cleveland (february 12, 2007)
another 50 point game for kobe, another win for the lakers (march 19, 2007)
who is the "best player," kobe bryant or steve nash? (march 22, 2007)
kobe bryant makes history with his fourth straight 50 point game (march 24, 2007)
kobe's 50 point streak ends, but the lakers winning streak continues (march 26, 2007)
 how to detect wack nba analysis (april 2007)
suns wear down lakers in fourth quarter (april 2007; includes statistics about bryant's 37.2 ppg post all-star game scoring average)
why blogging is booming and newspapers are scrambling to catch up (may 2007; includes skill set evaluation of bryant)
"know this above all else...time waits for no man": kobe bryant talks to esquire magazine (october 2007)
basketball clinic: kobe mentors bynum, lakers school pacers (november 2007)
game within the game: kobe bryant outduels manu ginobili as lakers topple spurs (december 2007)
fourth quarter rally propels cavaliers to victory over the lakers (december 21, 2007)
will laker improvement help kobe bryant to win his first mvp? (december 25, 2007)
choosing kobe over shaq looks smarter every day (january 2008)
dwyane wade and the miami heat's hard knock life  (february 2008)
unstoppable: kobe drops 49 as lakers smash nuggets, 122-107 (april 2008)
bryant dominates second half as lakers erase 20 point deficit to edge spurs (may 2008)
no more butter knives: kobe bryant and his "guns" shoot down spurs (may 2008)
bryant lifts lakers to within one win of returning to the nba finals (may 2008)
a performance for the ages: kobe drops 39 as lakers eliminate spurs (may 2008)
kobe bryant's missed shots and the torrent of "psycho-basketball analysis" that they unleashed (june 2008)
faulty comparisons: career legacies are not defined by one game (june 14, 2008)
shaq versus kobe (again) (june 24, 2008)
kobe takes over in the fourth quarter, team usa defeats spain 118-107 to claim olympic gold (august 2008)
scouting report: kobe bryant vs. lebron james
michael jordan and tex winter discuss the mj-kobe comparisons  (september 2008)
kobe bryant on jim rome is burning (september 2008 transcript)
sporting news nba survey, revisiting kobe bryant's evolution (october 25, 2008)
"fortuitous" murphy tip-in lifts pacers over lakers  (december 3, 2008)
is kobe new and improved or just more appreciated? (december 2008)
lakers lose second game in a row despite bryant's season-high 41 points (december 2008)
kobe bryant: "a straight-a student who still goes to all the extra study sessions" (january 2009)
breaking down kobe's 61 point game (february 2009)
savor this sunday’s matchup between lebron and kobe (february 2009)
nba tv panel weighs in on kobe versus lebron (february 2009)
jim cleamons' "mid-term" report card on lakers' defense (february 9, 2009)
energetic odom upstages ill bryant, subpar james  (february 9, 2009)
kobe bryant: perception versus reality (march 2009)
kobe's complete skill set 4, houston's "advanced stats" 0 (april 2009)
comparing wade version 2009 to bryant version 2006 (may 15, 2009)
kobe: doin' work (may 17, 2009)
bryant outduels anthony, carries lakers past nuggets (may 20, 2009)
"no mercy": bryant produces, directs and stars as lakers smash nuggets (may 30, 2009)
are the lakers really better off when kobe bryant shoots less frequently? (june 1, 2009)
kobe bryant's nba finals resume (june 2, 2009)
brilliant bryant shreds magic as lakers roll, 100-75 (june 5, 2009)
maestro bryant orchestrates lakers' championship, wins finals mvp (june 15, 2009)
kobe bryant literally molded this lakers' team in his hardworking image (june 16, 2009)
deconstructing bad writing: krolik's slam job on kobe bryant, part i (june  2009)
deconstructing bad writing: krolik's slam job on kobe bryant, part ii (june 2009)
when did kobe bryant really become a team player? (july 2009)
kobe bryant learns low post moves from hakeem olajuwon (october 2009)
"kobe doin' work" dvd extras provide compelling portrait of a basketball artist (november 2009)
hungry, tough cavaliers outwork lakers, 93-87 (january 22, 2010)
lakers pound pacers in paint, roll to 118-96 win (january 28, 2010)
bryant returns to action, rescues lackluster lakers (february 2010)
heat victory over lakers calls into question assertions about lakers' depth (march 2010)
being a clutch player is more significant than just making clutch shots (march 2010)
bryant saves the day (again), mchale explains why the "7-11 defense" does not work (march 2010)
kobe bryant adds to his glittering playoff resume, carries lakers to third straight nba finals appearance (may 2010)
lakers repeat as champions, kobe bryant earns second finals mvp (june 2010)
placing kobe bryant's career in historical context (june 2010)
bryant's handling of his injuries, lakers' offseason moves provide new perspectives on "great debate" (july 26, 2010)
kobe bryant's impact on the lakers goes far beyond what statistics can measure (august 2010)
the ability to control a game down the stretch is more significant than simply making buzzer beating shots (september 2010)
lakers jump on pacers early, cruise to 109-94 win (december 2010)
kobe bryant in the clutch...the rest of the story (february 2011)
lakers edge celtics, spoil allen's record-setting night (february 2011)
kobe bryant's all-star mvp performance provides a flashback--and a possible playoff preview (february 2011)
bryant leads the way as lakers pummel spurs (march 2011)
lakers face crossroads after being swept by mavericks (may 2011)
kobe bryant's shot selection endlessly fascinates self-proclaimed experts (january 2012)
kevin ding provides excellent lakers coverage (january 2012)
kobe bryant's tank is not on "e" (january 2012)
kobe bryant tops 40 points for the third straight game (january 2012)
kobe bryant versus lebron james: the non-rivalry rivalry (january 2012)
kobe bryant moves past shaquille o'neal on the all-time scoring list (february 2012)
kevin ding provides insight regarding the challenges that kobe bryant has overcome (march 2012)
the difference between kobe bryant and lebron james (april 2012)
seven games of life without kobe bryant (april 2012)
kobe bryant feels like the old eric carmen song: all by myself (may 2012)
kevin ding once again hits the ball out of the park (may 2012)
thoughts on the lakers-thunder series and the difference between kobe bryant and dwyane wade (may 2012)
kevin ding: lakers' biggest problem is gasol's passivity (may 2012)
thunder domination conclusively proves that lakers are not championship contenders (may 2012)
howard-bynum trade would be good for all concerned parties (july 2012)
can the lakers' methuselah backcourt lead a championship run? (july 2012)
ralph wiley understood kobe bryant's genius (july 2012)
blockbuster dwight howard deal vaults lakers back into championship hunt (august 2012)
andrew bynum benefited from kobe bryant's mentoring (august 2012)
similarities between kobe bryant and michael jordan (august 2012)
gasol and howard must match bryant's aggressiveness (december 2012)
kevin ding describes kobe bryant's defensive focus (january 2013)
assessing the "new" lakers and the "new" kobe bryant (january 2013)
simers' interview provides insights into kobe bryant's mindset (february 2013)
lakers discover correct formula (february 2013)
bryant posts rare stat line in big comeback win (march 2013)
bryant posts second consecutive 40 point, 10 assist stat line (march 2013)
kevin ding's take on kobe versus shaq (april 2013)
classic "cleaner" performance by kobe bryant (april 2013)
kobe bryant's achilles ruptures under the weight of the lakers' ineptitude (april 2013)
sleepwalking lakers end "nightmare" season by being swept (april 2013)
preliminary thoughts about dwight howard's decision (july 2013)
ralph wiley describes the young kobe bryant's evolution (august 2013)
kobe bryant ponders his basketball mortality (october 2013)
lakers are not good even with kobe bryant--but they are awful without him (january 2014)
kobe bryant: "i'm a difficult person to deal with"  (february 2014)
sans kobe bryant, l.a. lakers sink to historic lows  (march 2014)
assessing kobe bryant as a lion in winter (november 2014)
kobe bryant is not as good as michael jordan--so what? (december 2014)
kobe bryant the realist faces his basketball mortality (january 2015)
thoughts about kobe bryant's february 2015 interview with ahmad rashad (july 2015)
genius talks: kobe unplugged (october 2015)
kobe bryant quotes provide insight into his basketball philosophy (october 2015)
the twilight of kobe bryant (november 2015)
kobe bryant, carl lewis, jon drummond and the olympic spirit (november 2015)
looking back on the kobe bryant era (december 2015)
kobe drops 60 to drop the mic on an unparalleled 20 year career (april 2016)
evaluating kobe bryant's "two careers" (december 2017)
"the mamba mentality"(december 2018)
personal reflections on the life and death of kobe bryant (january 27, 2020)
kobe bryant all-star weekend picture gallery (february 13, 2020)
"forever mamba" pays tribute to kobe bryant (february 17, 2020)
my third appearance on benbo's podcast: kobe bryant (includes discussion of player evaluation criteria; may 4, 2021)
kobe bryant's journey (may 11, 2021)
kobe bryant headlines the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame induction ceremony (may 16, 2021)
nba unveils new kobe bryant all-star game mvp trophy (february 3, 2022)
lakers unveil statue honoring kobe bryant, will unveil two more bryant statues later (february 8, 2024)
lebron james

shootout at the q: king james versus j rich (february 12, 2006)
lebron james and the cavaliers deliver a perfect birthday present for coach brown (march 6, 2006)
murray "flips" the script in a big win for the cavs (march 20, 2006)
king james reigns supreme in his playoff debut (april 23, 2006)
"playoff basketball is war and hell" (april 26, 2006)
cavaliers and wizards work overtime to produce an instant classic (may 4, 2006)
put away the brooms, detroit (may 14, 2006)
this "guaran-sheed" was bogus (may 16, 2006)
rasheed's play speaks volumes as the pistons force a game seven showdown with the cavaliers (may 20, 2006)
detroit smothers cleveland in game seven (may 21, 2006)
lebron's first triple double of the season is not enough as the cavs fall to denver (january 20, 2007)
instant classic: lebron's 48 points lift cavs to thrilling double overtime win (june 1, 2007)
lebron lifts cavs to 111-108 win over raptors (november 24, 2007)
is the status quo really so bad for the cavs? (january 25, 2008)
cleveland rolls the dice (february 24, 2008)
taking care of business: cavs tame timberwolves, 92-84 (march 1, 2008)
the trade: a "mid-term" report card (march 19, 2008)
will third time be the charm for wizards? (april 17, 2008)
will the real cavs and celtics please stand up? (may 5, 2008)
cleveland cavaliers 2008-09 preview
cleveland cavaliers 2008-09 eight game progress report (november 12, 2008)
cavs rout listless knicks, 119-101 (nov. 26, 2008)
cavs set individual and team records in 114-94 win over toronto (dec. 10, 2008) 
cavs are "mo" better (dec. 18, 2008)
the potential impact of big z's injury (january 4, 2009)
cavs have weathered the injury storm (january 27, 2009)
sometimes the best trades are the ones you don’t make (february 20, 2009)
lebron’s long range accuracy (march 6, 2009)
cleveland's one-two punch knocks out heat (march 8, 2009)
mike brown coaches by feel, not numbers (march 9, 2009)
cavs begin championship quest by facing familiar foe (april 16, 2009)
cavs’ defense and depth will be too much for hawks (may 3, 2009)
playoff-tested cavs well equipped to deal with magic (may 18, 2009)
hubie brown breaks down cleveland-orlando and lebron-kobe (may 21, 2009)
cavs upgrade with parker for pavlovic "swap" (july 17, 2009)
the evolution of cleveland’s roster since 2007 (july 22, 2009)
defensive-minded celtics spoil cavaliers' home opener (october 28, 2009)
improving cavs defeat eastern conference champion magic (november 12, 2009)
why would lebron james become captain of the gotham titanic? (november 24, 2009)
shaq: the "big bill cartwright" (november 30, 2009)
upcoming road games will test cleveland’s mettle (december 11, 2009)
reexamining cleveland’s offseason moves (december 19, 2009)
matchups to watch in the cavs-lakers game (december 24, 2009)
cavs surge to the top of the eastern conference (january 10, 2010)
hungry, tough cavaliers outwork lakers, 93-87 (january 22, 2010)
shorthanded cavs own nba’s best record (january 26, 2010)
jamison could be final championship piece--if big z rejoins cavs (february 19, 2010)
o’neal injury could imperil cavs’ championship hopes (march 2, 2010)
cavs shock world, win game without lebron james: stunned bill simmons declares that kobe bryant is the mvp (march 9, 2010)
with big z back in the fold, cavs prepare for championship run (march 28, 2010)
cavs use balanced attack to tame raptors (april 7, 2010)
cavs will battle bulls in the playoffs for the first time since the michael jordan era (april 15, 2010)
cavs build 22 point lead, coast to 96-83 win over bulls (april 17, 2010)
lebron takes over down the stretch as cavs beat bulls, 112-102 (april 20, 2010)
jamison, james, o'neal and west lead the way as cavs edge bulls 96-94 (april 27, 2010)
reloaded cavs seek revenge against aging celtics (april 30, 2010)
energetic celtics outhustle cavs, spoil lebron's mvp ceremony night (may 4, 2010)
james and the cavs need less talk, more action (may 7, 2010)
lebron comes up empty as celtics obliterate cavaliers in cleveland (may 12, 2010)
what is wrong with the cavs? (may 13, 2010)
celtics advance to the eastern conference finals, cavs begin long and challenging offseason (may 14, 2010)
don't believe the historical revisionism about the cavaliers (may 16, 2010)
cavs fire mike brown after best five year run in franchise history (may 25, 2010)
what have we learned during "lebron-a-palooza"? (july 7, 2010)
lebron james abandons cleveland, creates power trio in miami (july 9, 2010)
bryant gumbel blasts lebron james (july 14, 2010)
lebron james asks, "what should i do?" (october 27, 2010)
cavaliers surprise "experts" (november 22, 2010)
lukewarm heat on pace for 47 wins (november 23, 2010)
trade deadline deals show how lebron's "decision" is reshaping the nba (february 27, 2011)
stumbling heat once again falter in the clutch (march 7, 2011)
miami's big three are two wins away from the nba finals (may 23, 2011)
the difference between lebron james and derrick rose (may 25, 2011)
does any sensible person still think that miami is "dwyane wade's team"? (january 18, 2012)
james and wade have a long way to go to justify comparisons with jordan and pippen (march 27, 2012)
lebron james joins elite three mvp club (may 14, 2012)
is lebron's historic performance a preview of coming attractions? (may 21, 2012)
maybe lebron james was right about winning "not one" championship (june 6, 2012)
brilliant lebron james performance lifts heat over celtics (june 8, 2012)
miami's energetic big three wears down boston's old big three (june 10, 2012)
the difference between analyzing lebron's game and hating lebron james (june 29, 2012)
lebron james is rarely called for fouls (january 3, 2013)
lebron james has become amazingly efficient (february 11, 2013)
lebron james joins pro basketball's elite four mvp club (may 6, 2013)
lebron leads the way as heat win pivotal game five  (may 31, 2013)
pacers pound the paint, beat the heat (may 29, 2013)
heat's game seven showdown versus pacers will be a defining moment in the big three era (june 2, 2013)
miami's big three overwhelm pacers, earn third straight nba finals appearance (june 4, 2013)
lebron james talks about personal growth, lists his top three basketball players of all-time (august 26, 2013)
lebron james posts 500th consecutive double figure scoring game (november 6, 2013)
lebron james explains how dwyane wade helped him to develop a championship mentality (february 20, 2014)
pass first players do not score 61 points in a game (march 6, 2014)
fully evolved lebron james returns to cleveland (july 13, 2014)
lebron james' rescinded phony triple double is a symptom of a larger problem (november 14, 2014)tristan thompson should have hired a real agent (october 18, 2015)
advice for the cleveland cavaliers (january 19, 2016)
timing of blatt firing is odd (january 22, 2016)
lebron james is presiding over the implosion of the cleveland cavaliers (february 8, 2018)
lebron james spurns cavaliers to sign with lakers (july 3, 2018)
the paradox of lebron james (march 4, 2019)
focused and forceful lebron james leads the lakers to back to back wins over bucks, clippers (march 9, 2020)
the ageless lebron james (january 31, 2021)
lebron james and the legacy question (june 4, 2021)
lebron james sets scoring record invented by espn as lakers lose again (february 12, 2022)
lebron james is playing at level no other 38 year old has reached (january 19, 2023)
lebron james breaks kareem abdul-jabbar's regular season career scoring record (february 8, 2023)
lebron "no excuses" james offers lame excuses after losing to the clippers (april 6, 2023)
russell westbrook

russell westbrook inherits kobe bryant's spot--for better or worse (march 20, 2014)
russell westbrook is proving that he is the nba's best guard (march 13, 2015)
triple threat russell westbrook redefines modern basketball versatility (december 3, 2016)
russell westbrook versus james harden: should the mvp be selected based on analysis or narrative? (january 13, 2017)
westbrook saves thunder with historic triple double (march 30, 2017)
russell westbrook ties oscar robertson's single season triple double record  (april 5, 2017)    
westbrook sets single season triple double record in electrifying fashion (april 10, 2017)
the mvp voters got it right (june 28, 2017)
oklahoma city thunder: refuting false narratives (december 20, 2018)
russell westbrook joins wilt chamberlain in the 20-20-20 club (april 03, 2019)
player evaluation, media bias and false narratives (april 27, 2019)
analyzing pro basketball's triple double standouts (november 09, 2019)
are rebounds fungible? (december 13, 2019)
analyzing the russell westbrook-john wall trade (december 3, 2020)
westbrook is within reach of the career triple double record  (april 23, 2021)
westbrook clinches season triple double average with record-setting 14-24-21 stat line (may 4, 2021)
westbrook ties robertson's career triple double record, hits game-winning free throws, and makes game-saving blocked shot (may 9, 2021)
there is a new triple double champion of all-time, and his name is russell westbrook (may 11, 2021)
what impact will russell westbrook have on the l.a. lakers? (august 11, 2021)
hubie brown analyzes russell westbrook and the l.a. lakers (january 28, 2022)
media members use any excuse to bash russell westbrook (february 16, 2022)
lakers bench westbrook, lose again (october 29, 2022)
westbrook shines in his new role as lakers beat nuggets 121-110 (october 31, 2022)
lakers trade future hall of famer russell westbrook without improving their playoff chances (february 9, 2023)
the lakers banished russell westbrook, but the clippers brought westbrook back to l.a. (february 23, 2023)
suns overcome westbrook's 37 points, take 3-1 series lead over shorthanded clippers (april 22, 2023)
russell westbrook adds depth, energy, and playmaking to the denver nuggets (july 25, 2024)
russell westbrook's "perfect" triple double provides a reminder of how exceptional he is (january 3, 2025)
jokic and westbrook make triple double history together (january 11, 2025)
2005 playoff previews and recaps

2005 nba first round eastern conference playoff preview
2005 nba first round western conference playoff preview
2005 nba second round playoff preview: miami versus washington and san antonio versus seattle
2005 nba second round playoff preview: detroit versus indiana and phoenix versus dallas
2005 nba conference finals playoff preview: miami versus detroit and phoenix versus san antonio
2005 nba finals preview: san antonio versus detroit
2005 nba finals review: san antonio outlasts detroit
2005-06 regular season predictions

2005-2006 eastern conference preview
2005-2006 western conference preview
2006 playoff previews

win or go home: predictions for the 2006 nba playoffs
miami versus new jersey preview
detroit versus cleveland preview
san antonio versus dallas preview
phoenix versus los angeles preview
two rounds down, two rounds to go
detroit versus miami preview
dallas versus phoenix preview
dallas versus miami preview
"march madness" has nothing on "win or go home"
2006-07 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2007 playoff previews and recaps

2006-07 playoff predictions
chicago versus detroit preview
san antonio versus phoenix preview
cleveland versus new jersey preview
utah versus golden state preview
san antonio versus utah preview
cleveland versus detroit preview
san antonio versus cleveland preview
final thoughts on the 2007 nba playoffs
2007-08 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2008 playoff previews and recaps

2007-08 nba playoff predictions
san antonio versus new orleans preview
detroit versus orlando preview
los angeles versus utah preview
boston versus cleveland preview
boston versus detroit preview
los angeles versus san antonio preview
los angeles versus boston preview
 the 2008 playoffs: where the revival of the nba's two flagship franchises happened
2008-09 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2009 playoff previews and recaps

2008-09 nba playoff predictions
denver versus dallas preview
los angeles versus houston preview
boston versus orlando preview
cleveland versus atlanta preview
los angeles versus denver preview
cleveland versus orlando preview
los angeles versus orlando preview
2009-10 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2010 playoff previews and recaps

2009-10 nba playoff predictions
cleveland versus boston preview
los angeles versus utah preview
san antonio versus phoenix preview
orlando versus atlanta preview
orlando versus boston preview
los angeles versus phoenix preview
los angeles versus boston preview
2010-11 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2011 playoff previews and recaps

2010-11 nba playoff predictions
miami versus boston preview
chicago versus atlanta preview
los angeles versus dallas preview
oklahoma city versus memphis preview
chicago versus miami preview
dallas versus oklahoma city preview
miami versus dallas preview
2011-12 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2012 playoff previews and recaps

2011-2012 nba playoff predictions
miami versus indiana preview
boston versus philadelphia preview
oklahoma city versus l.a. lakers preview
san antonio versus l.a. clippers preview
san antonio versus oklahoma city preview
miami versus boston preview
oklahoma city versus miami preview
2012-13 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2013 playoff previews and recaps

2012-2013 nba playoff predictions
memphis versus oklahoma city preview 
indiana versus new york preview 
san antonio versus golden state preview 
miami versus chicago preview 
san antonio versus memphis preview 
miami versus indiana preview 
miami versus san antonio preview 
2013-14 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2014 playoff previews and recaps

2013-2014 nba playoff predictions
first round recap/second round preview
second round recap/conference finals preview
conference finals recap/nba finals preview
2014-15 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2015 playoff previews and recaps

2014-2015 nba playoff predictions
first round recap/second round preview
second round recap/conference finals preview
conference finals recap/nba finals preview
2015-16 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2016 playoff previews and recaps

2015-2016 nba playoff predictions
san antonio versus oklahoma city preview
cleveland versus atlanta preview
golden state versus portland preview
toronto versus miami preview
golden state versus oklahoma city preview
cleveland versus toronto preview
conference finals recap/nba finals preview
2016-17 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2017 playoff previews and recaps

2016-2017 nba playoff predictions
san antonio versus houston preview
cleveland versus toronto preview
boston versus washington preview
golden state versus utah preview
golden state versus san antonio preview
cleveland versus boston preview
golden state versus cleveland preview
2017-18 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2018 playoff previews and recaps

2017-2018 nba playoff predictions
golden state versus new orleans preview
houston versus utah preview
boston versus philadelphia preview
toronto versus cleveland preview
boston versus cleveland preview
golden state versus houston preview
golden state versus cleveland preview
2018-19 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2019 playoff previews and recaps

2018-2019 nba playoff predictions
milwaukee versus boston preview
toronto versus philadelphia preview
golden state versus houston preview
denver versus portland preview
golden state versus portland preview
milwaukee versus toronto preview
golden state versus toronto preview
2019-20 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2020 playoff previews and recaps

2019-2020 nba playoff predictions
toronto versus boston preview
milwaukee versus miami preview
l.a. clippers versus denver preview
l.a. lakers versus houston preview
boston versus miami preview
l.a. lakers versus denver preview
l.a. lakers versus miami preview
2020-21 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2021 playoff previews and recaps

2020-2021 nba playoff predictions
milwaukee versus brooklyn preview
philadelphia versus atlanta preview
denver versus phoenix preview
utah versus l.a. clippers preview
l.a. clippers versus phoenix preview
milwaukee versus atlanta preview
milwaukee versus phoenix preview
2021-22 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2022 playoff previews and recaps

2021-2022 nba playoff predictions
milwaukee versus boston preview
miami versus philadelphia preview
phoenix versus dallas preview
memphis versus golden state preview
boston versus miami preview
dallas versus golden state preview
boston versus golden state preview
2022-23 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2023 playoff previews and recaps

2022-2023 nba playoff predictions
denver versus phoenix preview
miami versus new york preview
boston versus philadelphia preview
golden state versus l.a. lakers preview
denver versus l.a. lakers preview
boston versus miami preview
denver versus miami preview
2023-24 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
2024 playoff previews and recaps

2023-2024 nba playoff predictions
denver versus minnesota preview
new york versus indiana preview
dallas versus oklahoma city preview
boston versus cleveland preview
boston versus indiana preview
minnesota versus dallas preview 
boston versus dallas preview 
2024-25 regular season predictions

eastern conference preview
western conference preview
basketball digest columns, 2001-2004

aba numbers should also count (may 2001)
the most dominant championship teams in nba/aba history (summer 2001)
pro basketball teams of the decade (november 2001)
more than a passing fancy: the best playmaking forwards ever (december 2001)
the greatest scoring machines in pro basketball history (january 2002)
pro basketball's "five-tool" players (february 2002)
midseason maestros (march 2002)
pro basketball's 100-100 club (april 2002)
rising to the occasion: pro basketball's greatest playoff scorers (may 2002)
pro basketball's greatest playoff upsets (summer 2002)
young at heart: pro basketball’s all-time ageless wonders (november 2002)
running a one man fast break: pro basketball's greatest rebounding guards (december 2002)
pro basketball's almost scoring champions (january 2003)
midwest division "dream teams" (january 2003)
missed it by that much: pro basketball’s closest races for the rebounding title (february 2003)
surpassed: these playmakers narrowly missed winning the assists crown (march 2003)
honor roll: pro basketball's most decorated players (april 2003)
champions club: pro basketball's dynasties by the numbers (may 2003)
not exactly the wonder five: pro basketball's worst finalists (summer 2003)
pro basketball’s 2000 point club: iron men who shoot with a feathery touch (december 2003)
pro basketball's 1000 rebound club: the meek need not apply for membership (february 2004)
fountain of youth: life begins at 40 for these nba players (april 2004)
carolina connection

bob mcadoo reconsidered (june 2004)
bobby jones: the ultimate team player (october 19, 2005)
larry miller: tar heel legend and aba single game scoring leader (october 2005)
billy cunningham interview (november 2005)
billy cunningham: the "kangaroo kid" has never forgotten his tar heel roots (january 2006)
bob mcadoo: the numbers don't lie (february 6, 2006)
brad daugherty: from the court to the race track (january 26, 2007)
brad daugherty "dvd extras" (january 29, 2007)
kenny smith: always ahead of the game (march 16, 2007)
kenny smith: "dvd extras" (march 20, 2007)
articles originally published at nbcsports.com

pro basketball's greatest ball hawks
the statistical profile of a title team
stepping up in the playoffs
best of the worst or worst of the best?
pro basketball's 2000 points club
5-9 and under
the ultimate "five tool" players
is it possible to steal a championship?
nba allows their stars to shine
pro basketball's most decorated players
the evolution of the usage of the three point shot
from rookie of the year to the hall of fame
 despite the disappointing finish, dallas' 2007 season still ranks among the best of all-time
defining the value of a superstar
the greatest power forwards of all-time
the legacy of the aba
acing the finals test
for openers: the significance of game 1
lebron rewards long-suffering cleveland fans
the accelerated growth curve of lebron james
basketball 101: spurs put on a clinic against the cavaliers
spurs on the brink of a sweep
king james and his court can't stop spurs' coronation
articles originally published in sports collectors digest

etched in time: george vlosich iii turns a child’s toy into a unique sports collectible (november 11, 2004)
the aba "ol’ school reunion" rates a perfect 10 (july 29, 2005)
larry miller: the aba’s all-time single-game scoring leader and an acc legend (july 29, 2005)
columns for the roar
atlanta hawks seek to win championship without superstar (february 19, 2015)
nobody wants to face the oklahoma city thunder in the playoffs (february 22, 2015)
nba mvp: best player in the league or best player on the best team? (march 1, 2015)
why tanking does not work (march 8, 2015)
why the memphis grizzlies will not win the championship (march 15, 2015)
the enigmatic lebron james doesn't compare to past nba greats (march 22, 2015)
steve nash's place in the point guard pantheon (march 29, 2015)
can advanced basketball statistics really bridge 50 years of nba history? (april 6, 2015)
which statistics best predict championship success? (april 12, 2015)
what to watch for in the 2015 nba playoffs (april 19, 2015)
real mvp candidates rise and shine in the playoffs (april 26, 2015)
how will cavs fare without love? (may 3, 2015)
is this derrick rose's moment? (may 10, 2015)
lebron james gets by with more than a little help from his friends (may 17, 2015)
how valuable is james harden? (may 20, 2015)
lebron james is not a pass first player but he is a great passer (may 23, 2015)
lebron james stamps his authority as the cavs head back to the nba finals (may 27, 2015)
nba finals focus: the coaching matchup (june 1, 2015)
the nba coaching carousel rotates quickly (june 5, 2015)
lebron's legacy shouldn't be defined by another playoff loss (june 6, 2015)
cleveland shows the value of the paint--and the true mvp (june 11, 2015)
cleveland needs lebron-–and timofey mozgov's height-–to win the title (june 14, 2015)
why the warriors won the nba championship (june 17, 2015)
a partial listing of articles reprinted at other sites

artis gilmore (link to artis gilmore's personal web page)
austin carr (link to notre dame's official website)
2006 spurs versus mavericks series (link to nba.com click and roll; scroll down to may 11)
alex english (link to nuggets.com)
phil chenier (link to wizards.com "around the net"--see 9/6/06)
a scout's eye view of the game (link to pacers.com feature about my two part series featuring kevin mackey's insights)

also, links to two of my oscar robertson interviews have been posted under "recent media coverage" in the "about the big o" section of
thebigo.com
      
guest appearances on gotham hoops live radio show
gotham hoops live, 12/23/07 (1992 dream team versus 2008 team usa, etc.)
gotham hoops live, 2/11/08 (pantheon series, shaq and gasol trades, etc.)
gotham hoops live, 3/23/08 (how early entry has diluted both the college and nba games, nba playoff races, etc.)
cool links

remember the aba
doc's head games: psychology, performance and perspectives

previous posts

the 2025 nba legends brunch honors oscar robertson...
cavaliers, herro, and mcclung take the all-star sa...
kevin durant is the ninth member of pro basketball...
milwaukee bucks beat philadelphia 76ers 135-127 in...
how good will the wembanyama-fox duo be?
warriors hope to see "playoff jimmy" instead of di...
reverbations from doncic-davis trade will be felt ...
the jimmy butler saga, and why kobe was greater th...
gus williams played a key role for seattle's 1979 ...
jokic and westbrook make triple double history tog...

archives

6/12/05 - 6/19/05
6/19/05 - 6/26/05
7/3/05 - 7/10/05
7/10/05 - 7/17/05
7/17/05 - 7/24/05
7/24/05 - 7/31/05
7/31/05 - 8/7/05
8/7/05 - 8/14/05
8/14/05 - 8/21/05
8/28/05 - 9/4/05
9/4/05 - 9/11/05
9/11/05 - 9/18/05
9/18/05 - 9/25/05
10/2/05 - 10/9/05
10/9/05 - 10/16/05
10/16/05 - 10/23/05
10/23/05 - 10/30/05
10/30/05 - 11/6/05
11/6/05 - 11/13/05
11/13/05 - 11/20/05
11/20/05 - 11/27/05
11/27/05 - 12/4/05
12/4/05 - 12/11/05
12/11/05 - 12/18/05
12/18/05 - 12/25/05
12/25/05 - 1/1/06
1/1/06 - 1/8/06
1/8/06 - 1/15/06
1/15/06 - 1/22/06
1/22/06 - 1/29/06
1/29/06 - 2/5/06
2/5/06 - 2/12/06
2/12/06 - 2/19/06
2/19/06 - 2/26/06
2/26/06 - 3/5/06
3/5/06 - 3/12/06
3/12/06 - 3/19/06
3/19/06 - 3/26/06
3/26/06 - 4/2/06
4/2/06 - 4/9/06
4/9/06 - 4/16/06
4/16/06 - 4/23/06
4/23/06 - 4/30/06
4/30/06 - 5/7/06
5/7/06 - 5/14/06
5/14/06 - 5/21/06
5/21/06 - 5/28/06
5/28/06 - 6/4/06
6/4/06 - 6/11/06
6/11/06 - 6/18/06
6/18/06 - 6/25/06
6/25/06 - 7/2/06
7/2/06 - 7/9/06
7/9/06 - 7/16/06
7/16/06 - 7/23/06
7/23/06 - 7/30/06
7/30/06 - 8/6/06
8/6/06 - 8/13/06
8/13/06 - 8/20/06
8/20/06 - 8/27/06
8/27/06 - 9/3/06
9/3/06 - 9/10/06
9/10/06 - 9/17/06
9/17/06 - 9/24/06
9/24/06 - 10/1/06
10/1/06 - 10/8/06
10/8/06 - 10/15/06
10/15/06 - 10/22/06
10/22/06 - 10/29/06
10/29/06 - 11/5/06
11/5/06 - 11/12/06
11/12/06 - 11/19/06
11/19/06 - 11/26/06
11/26/06 - 12/3/06
12/3/06 - 12/10/06
12/10/06 - 12/17/06
12/17/06 - 12/24/06
12/24/06 - 12/31/06
12/31/06 - 1/7/07
1/7/07 - 1/14/07
1/14/07 - 1/21/07
1/21/07 - 1/28/07
1/28/07 - 2/4/07
2/4/07 - 2/11/07
2/11/07 - 2/18/07
2/18/07 - 2/25/07
2/25/07 - 3/4/07
3/4/07 - 3/11/07
3/11/07 - 3/18/07
3/18/07 - 3/25/07
3/25/07 - 4/1/07
4/1/07 - 4/8/07
4/8/07 - 4/15/07
4/15/07 - 4/22/07
4/22/07 - 4/29/07
4/29/07 - 5/6/07
5/6/07 - 5/13/07
5/13/07 - 5/20/07
5/20/07 - 5/27/07
5/27/07 - 6/3/07
6/3/07 - 6/10/07
6/10/07 - 6/17/07
6/17/07 - 6/24/07
6/24/07 - 7/1/07
7/1/07 - 7/8/07
7/8/07 - 7/15/07
7/15/07 - 7/22/07
7/22/07 - 7/29/07
7/29/07 - 8/5/07
8/5/07 - 8/12/07
8/12/07 - 8/19/07
8/19/07 - 8/26/07
8/26/07 - 9/2/07
9/2/07 - 9/9/07
9/9/07 - 9/16/07
9/16/07 - 9/23/07
9/23/07 - 9/30/07
9/30/07 - 10/7/07
10/7/07 - 10/14/07
10/14/07 - 10/21/07
10/21/07 - 10/28/07
10/28/07 - 11/4/07
11/4/07 - 11/11/07
11/11/07 - 11/18/07
11/18/07 - 11/25/07
11/25/07 - 12/2/07
12/2/07 - 12/9/07
12/9/07 - 12/16/07
12/16/07 - 12/23/07
12/23/07 - 12/30/07
12/30/07 - 1/6/08
1/6/08 - 1/13/08
1/13/08 - 1/20/08
1/20/08 - 1/27/08
1/27/08 - 2/3/08
2/3/08 - 2/10/08
2/10/08 - 2/17/08
2/17/08 - 2/24/08
2/24/08 - 3/2/08
3/2/08 - 3/9/08
3/9/08 - 3/16/08
3/16/08 - 3/23/08
3/23/08 - 3/30/08
3/30/08 - 4/6/08
4/6/08 - 4/13/08
4/13/08 - 4/20/08
4/20/08 - 4/27/08
4/27/08 - 5/4/08
5/4/08 - 5/11/08
5/11/08 - 5/18/08
5/18/08 - 5/25/08
5/25/08 - 6/1/08
6/1/08 - 6/8/08
6/8/08 - 6/15/08
6/15/08 - 6/22/08
6/22/08 - 6/29/08
6/29/08 - 7/6/08
7/6/08 - 7/13/08
7/13/08 - 7/20/08
7/20/08 - 7/27/08
7/27/08 - 8/3/08
8/3/08 - 8/10/08
8/10/08 - 8/17/08
8/17/08 - 8/24/08
8/24/08 - 8/31/08
8/31/08 - 9/7/08
9/7/08 - 9/14/08
9/14/08 - 9/21/08
9/21/08 - 9/28/08
9/28/08 - 10/5/08
10/5/08 - 10/12/08
10/12/08 - 10/19/08
10/19/08 - 10/26/08
10/26/08 - 11/2/08
11/2/08 - 11/9/08
11/9/08 - 11/16/08
11/16/08 - 11/23/08
11/23/08 - 11/30/08
11/30/08 - 12/7/08
12/7/08 - 12/14/08
12/14/08 - 12/21/08
12/21/08 - 12/28/08
12/28/08 - 1/4/09
1/4/09 - 1/11/09
1/11/09 - 1/18/09
1/18/09 - 1/25/09
1/25/09 - 2/1/09
2/1/09 - 2/8/09
2/8/09 - 2/15/09
2/15/09 - 2/22/09
2/22/09 - 3/1/09
3/1/09 - 3/8/09
3/8/09 - 3/15/09
3/15/09 - 3/22/09
3/22/09 - 3/29/09
3/29/09 - 4/5/09
4/5/09 - 4/12/09
4/12/09 - 4/19/09
4/19/09 - 4/26/09
4/26/09 - 5/3/09
5/3/09 - 5/10/09
5/10/09 - 5/17/09
5/17/09 - 5/24/09
5/24/09 - 5/31/09
5/31/09 - 6/7/09
6/7/09 - 6/14/09
6/14/09 - 6/21/09
6/21/09 - 6/28/09
6/28/09 - 7/5/09
7/5/09 - 7/12/09
7/12/09 - 7/19/09
7/19/09 - 7/26/09
7/26/09 - 8/2/09
8/9/09 - 8/16/09
8/16/09 - 8/23/09
8/23/09 - 8/30/09
8/30/09 - 9/6/09
9/6/09 - 9/13/09
9/13/09 - 9/20/09
9/20/09 - 9/27/09
10/4/09 - 10/11/09
10/11/09 - 10/18/09
10/18/09 - 10/25/09
10/25/09 - 11/1/09
11/1/09 - 11/8/09
11/8/09 - 11/15/09
11/15/09 - 11/22/09
11/22/09 - 11/29/09
11/29/09 - 12/6/09
12/6/09 - 12/13/09
12/13/09 - 12/20/09
12/20/09 - 12/27/09
12/27/09 - 1/3/10
1/3/10 - 1/10/10
1/10/10 - 1/17/10
1/17/10 - 1/24/10
1/24/10 - 1/31/10
1/31/10 - 2/7/10
2/7/10 - 2/14/10
2/14/10 - 2/21/10
2/21/10 - 2/28/10
2/28/10 - 3/7/10
3/7/10 - 3/14/10
3/14/10 - 3/21/10
3/21/10 - 3/28/10
3/28/10 - 4/4/10
4/4/10 - 4/11/10
4/11/10 - 4/18/10
4/18/10 - 4/25/10
4/25/10 - 5/2/10
5/2/10 - 5/9/10
5/9/10 - 5/16/10
5/16/10 - 5/23/10
5/23/10 - 5/30/10
5/30/10 - 6/6/10
6/13/10 - 6/20/10
6/20/10 - 6/27/10
6/27/10 - 7/4/10
7/4/10 - 7/11/10
7/11/10 - 7/18/10
7/18/10 - 7/25/10
7/25/10 - 8/1/10
8/1/10 - 8/8/10
8/8/10 - 8/15/10
8/15/10 - 8/22/10
8/22/10 - 8/29/10
8/29/10 - 9/5/10
9/5/10 - 9/12/10
9/12/10 - 9/19/10
9/19/10 - 9/26/10
9/26/10 - 10/3/10
10/3/10 - 10/10/10
10/17/10 - 10/24/10
10/24/10 - 10/31/10
10/31/10 - 11/7/10
11/7/10 - 11/14/10
11/14/10 - 11/21/10
11/21/10 - 11/28/10
11/28/10 - 12/5/10
12/5/10 - 12/12/10
12/12/10 - 12/19/10
12/19/10 - 12/26/10
12/26/10 - 1/2/11
1/2/11 - 1/9/11
1/9/11 - 1/16/11
1/16/11 - 1/23/11
1/23/11 - 1/30/11
1/30/11 - 2/6/11
2/6/11 - 2/13/11
2/13/11 - 2/20/11
2/20/11 - 2/27/11
2/27/11 - 3/6/11
3/6/11 - 3/13/11
3/13/11 - 3/20/11
3/20/11 - 3/27/11
4/3/11 - 4/10/11
4/10/11 - 4/17/11
4/24/11 - 5/1/11
5/8/11 - 5/15/11
5/15/11 - 5/22/11
5/22/11 - 5/29/11
5/29/11 - 6/5/11
6/5/11 - 6/12/11
6/12/11 - 6/19/11
6/19/11 - 6/26/11
7/3/11 - 7/10/11
7/24/11 - 7/31/11
7/31/11 - 8/7/11
8/7/11 - 8/14/11
8/21/11 - 8/28/11
8/28/11 - 9/4/11
9/11/11 - 9/18/11
9/18/11 - 9/25/11
10/2/11 - 10/9/11
10/9/11 - 10/16/11
10/16/11 - 10/23/11
10/23/11 - 10/30/11
10/30/11 - 11/6/11
11/6/11 - 11/13/11
11/13/11 - 11/20/11
11/20/11 - 11/27/11
12/4/11 - 12/11/11
12/11/11 - 12/18/11
12/18/11 - 12/25/11
12/25/11 - 1/1/12
1/1/12 - 1/8/12
1/8/12 - 1/15/12
1/15/12 - 1/22/12
1/22/12 - 1/29/12
1/29/12 - 2/5/12
2/5/12 - 2/12/12
2/12/12 - 2/19/12
2/19/12 - 2/26/12
2/26/12 - 3/4/12
3/4/12 - 3/11/12
3/11/12 - 3/18/12
3/18/12 - 3/25/12
3/25/12 - 4/1/12
4/1/12 - 4/8/12
4/8/12 - 4/15/12
4/15/12 - 4/22/12
4/22/12 - 4/29/12
4/29/12 - 5/6/12
5/6/12 - 5/13/12
5/13/12 - 5/20/12
5/20/12 - 5/27/12
5/27/12 - 6/3/12
6/3/12 - 6/10/12
6/10/12 - 6/17/12
6/17/12 - 6/24/12
6/24/12 - 7/1/12
7/1/12 - 7/8/12
7/8/12 - 7/15/12
7/15/12 - 7/22/12
7/22/12 - 7/29/12
7/29/12 - 8/5/12
8/5/12 - 8/12/12
8/12/12 - 8/19/12
8/19/12 - 8/26/12
8/26/12 - 9/2/12
9/2/12 - 9/9/12
9/9/12 - 9/16/12
9/16/12 - 9/23/12
9/23/12 - 9/30/12
9/30/12 - 10/7/12
10/7/12 - 10/14/12
10/14/12 - 10/21/12
10/21/12 - 10/28/12
10/28/12 - 11/4/12
11/4/12 - 11/11/12
11/11/12 - 11/18/12
11/18/12 - 11/25/12
11/25/12 - 12/2/12
12/2/12 - 12/9/12
12/9/12 - 12/16/12
12/16/12 - 12/23/12
12/23/12 - 12/30/12
12/30/12 - 1/6/13
1/6/13 - 1/13/13
1/13/13 - 1/20/13
1/20/13 - 1/27/13
1/27/13 - 2/3/13
2/3/13 - 2/10/13
2/10/13 - 2/17/13
2/17/13 - 2/24/13
2/24/13 - 3/3/13
3/3/13 - 3/10/13
3/10/13 - 3/17/13
3/17/13 - 3/24/13
3/24/13 - 3/31/13
3/31/13 - 4/7/13
4/7/13 - 4/14/13
4/14/13 - 4/21/13
4/21/13 - 4/28/13
4/28/13 - 5/5/13
5/5/13 - 5/12/13
5/12/13 - 5/19/13
5/19/13 - 5/26/13
5/26/13 - 6/2/13
6/2/13 - 6/9/13
6/9/13 - 6/16/13
6/16/13 - 6/23/13
6/23/13 - 6/30/13
6/30/13 - 7/7/13
7/7/13 - 7/14/13
7/14/13 - 7/21/13
7/21/13 - 7/28/13
7/28/13 - 8/4/13
8/4/13 - 8/11/13
8/11/13 - 8/18/13
8/25/13 - 9/1/13
9/8/13 - 9/15/13
9/15/13 - 9/22/13
9/22/13 - 9/29/13
9/29/13 - 10/6/13
10/6/13 - 10/13/13
10/13/13 - 10/20/13
10/20/13 - 10/27/13
10/27/13 - 11/3/13
11/3/13 - 11/10/13
11/10/13 - 11/17/13
11/17/13 - 11/24/13
11/24/13 - 12/1/13
12/1/13 - 12/8/13
12/8/13 - 12/15/13
12/22/13 - 12/29/13
12/29/13 - 1/5/14
1/5/14 - 1/12/14
1/12/14 - 1/19/14
1/19/14 - 1/26/14
1/26/14 - 2/2/14
2/2/14 - 2/9/14
2/9/14 - 2/16/14
2/16/14 - 2/23/14
2/23/14 - 3/2/14
3/2/14 - 3/9/14
3/9/14 - 3/16/14
3/16/14 - 3/23/14
3/30/14 - 4/6/14
4/6/14 - 4/13/14
4/13/14 - 4/20/14
4/20/14 - 4/27/14
5/4/14 - 5/11/14
5/18/14 - 5/25/14
5/25/14 - 6/1/14
6/1/14 - 6/8/14
6/15/14 - 6/22/14
6/22/14 - 6/29/14
7/6/14 - 7/13/14
7/13/14 - 7/20/14
8/3/14 - 8/10/14
8/17/14 - 8/24/14
9/7/14 - 9/14/14
9/28/14 - 10/5/14
10/19/14 - 10/26/14
11/9/14 - 11/16/14
11/30/14 - 12/7/14
12/7/14 - 12/14/14
12/21/14 - 12/28/14
1/4/15 - 1/11/15
1/25/15 - 2/1/15
2/15/15 - 2/22/15
2/22/15 - 3/1/15
3/1/15 - 3/8/15
3/8/15 - 3/15/15
3/15/15 - 3/22/15
3/22/15 - 3/29/15
3/29/15 - 4/5/15
4/5/15 - 4/12/15
4/12/15 - 4/19/15
4/19/15 - 4/26/15
4/26/15 - 5/3/15
5/3/15 - 5/10/15
5/10/15 - 5/17/15
5/17/15 - 5/24/15
5/24/15 - 5/31/15
5/31/15 - 6/7/15
6/7/15 - 6/14/15
6/14/15 - 6/21/15
6/21/15 - 6/28/15
7/5/15 - 7/12/15
7/19/15 - 7/26/15
7/26/15 - 8/2/15
8/23/15 - 8/30/15
8/30/15 - 9/6/15
9/6/15 - 9/13/15
9/13/15 - 9/20/15
9/20/15 - 9/27/15
9/27/15 - 10/4/15
10/4/15 - 10/11/15
10/11/15 - 10/18/15
10/18/15 - 10/25/15
10/25/15 - 11/1/15
11/1/15 - 11/8/15
11/8/15 - 11/15/15
11/15/15 - 11/22/15
11/22/15 - 11/29/15
11/29/15 - 12/6/15
12/6/15 - 12/13/15
12/13/15 - 12/20/15
12/20/15 - 12/27/15
12/27/15 - 1/3/16
1/17/16 - 1/24/16
2/7/16 - 2/14/16
2/14/16 - 2/21/16
3/6/16 - 3/13/16
4/10/16 - 4/17/16
4/24/16 - 5/1/16
5/1/16 - 5/8/16
5/8/16 - 5/15/16
5/15/16 - 5/22/16
5/29/16 - 6/5/16
6/5/16 - 6/12/16
6/12/16 - 6/19/16
6/19/16 - 6/26/16
7/31/16 - 8/7/16
8/7/16 - 8/14/16
8/14/16 - 8/21/16
8/21/16 - 8/28/16
9/4/16 - 9/11/16
9/11/16 - 9/18/16
9/25/16 - 10/2/16
10/2/16 - 10/9/16
10/16/16 - 10/23/16
10/30/16 - 11/6/16
11/13/16 - 11/20/16
11/27/16 - 12/4/16
12/4/16 - 12/11/16
12/18/16 - 12/25/16
1/1/17 - 1/8/17
1/8/17 - 1/15/17
1/15/17 - 1/22/17
1/22/17 - 1/29/17
1/29/17 - 2/5/17
2/12/17 - 2/19/17
2/19/17 - 2/26/17
3/5/17 - 3/12/17
3/12/17 - 3/19/17
3/19/17 - 3/26/17
3/26/17 - 4/2/17
4/2/17 - 4/9/17
4/9/17 - 4/16/17
4/16/17 - 4/23/17
4/23/17 - 4/30/17
4/30/17 - 5/7/17
5/7/17 - 5/14/17
5/14/17 - 5/21/17
5/21/17 - 5/28/17
5/28/17 - 6/4/17
6/4/17 - 6/11/17
6/11/17 - 6/18/17
6/25/17 - 7/2/17
7/2/17 - 7/9/17
8/20/17 - 8/27/17
9/3/17 - 9/10/17
9/10/17 - 9/17/17
9/24/17 - 10/1/17
10/8/17 - 10/15/17
11/5/17 - 11/12/17
11/12/17 - 11/19/17
11/26/17 - 12/3/17
12/17/17 - 12/24/17
12/24/17 - 12/31/17
1/7/18 - 1/14/18
1/14/18 - 1/21/18
1/21/18 - 1/28/18
1/28/18 - 2/4/18
2/4/18 - 2/11/18
2/18/18 - 2/25/18
2/25/18 - 3/4/18
3/4/18 - 3/11/18
3/11/18 - 3/18/18
3/18/18 - 3/25/18
4/1/18 - 4/8/18
4/8/18 - 4/15/18
4/22/18 - 4/29/18
4/29/18 - 5/6/18
5/6/18 - 5/13/18
5/27/18 - 6/3/18
6/3/18 - 6/10/18
6/10/18 - 6/17/18
7/1/18 - 7/8/18
7/15/18 - 7/22/18
8/12/18 - 8/19/18
9/2/18 - 9/9/18
9/23/18 - 9/30/18
9/30/18 - 10/7/18
10/7/18 - 10/14/18
10/14/18 - 10/21/18
10/21/18 - 10/28/18
10/28/18 - 11/4/18
11/4/18 - 11/11/18
11/11/18 - 11/18/18
11/18/18 - 11/25/18
11/25/18 - 12/2/18
12/9/18 - 12/16/18
12/16/18 - 12/23/18
12/23/18 - 12/30/18
12/30/18 - 1/6/19
1/6/19 - 1/13/19
1/13/19 - 1/20/19
1/20/19 - 1/27/19
1/27/19 - 2/3/19
2/3/19 - 2/10/19
2/10/19 - 2/17/19
2/17/19 - 2/24/19
2/24/19 - 3/3/19
3/3/19 - 3/10/19
3/10/19 - 3/17/19
3/17/19 - 3/24/19
3/31/19 - 4/7/19
4/7/19 - 4/14/19
4/14/19 - 4/21/19
4/21/19 - 4/28/19
4/28/19 - 5/5/19
5/5/19 - 5/12/19
5/12/19 - 5/19/19
5/19/19 - 5/26/19
5/26/19 - 6/2/19
6/2/19 - 6/9/19
6/9/19 - 6/16/19
6/16/19 - 6/23/19
6/30/19 - 7/7/19
7/7/19 - 7/14/19
8/4/19 - 8/11/19
8/11/19 - 8/18/19
8/25/19 - 9/1/19
9/1/19 - 9/8/19
9/8/19 - 9/15/19
9/22/19 - 9/29/19
9/29/19 - 10/6/19
10/6/19 - 10/13/19
10/13/19 - 10/20/19
10/20/19 - 10/27/19
10/27/19 - 11/3/19
11/3/19 - 11/10/19
11/10/19 - 11/17/19
11/17/19 - 11/24/19
12/1/19 - 12/8/19
12/8/19 - 12/15/19
12/15/19 - 12/22/19
12/22/19 - 12/29/19
12/29/19 - 1/5/20
1/5/20 - 1/12/20
1/12/20 - 1/19/20
1/26/20 - 2/2/20
2/2/20 - 2/9/20
2/9/20 - 2/16/20
2/16/20 - 2/23/20
2/23/20 - 3/1/20
3/1/20 - 3/8/20
3/8/20 - 3/15/20
3/15/20 - 3/22/20
3/22/20 - 3/29/20
3/29/20 - 4/5/20
4/12/20 - 4/19/20
4/19/20 - 4/26/20
4/26/20 - 5/3/20
5/3/20 - 5/10/20
5/10/20 - 5/17/20
5/17/20 - 5/24/20
5/31/20 - 6/7/20
6/7/20 - 6/14/20
6/28/20 - 7/5/20
7/5/20 - 7/12/20
7/19/20 - 7/26/20
8/2/20 - 8/9/20
8/9/20 - 8/16/20
8/16/20 - 8/23/20
8/23/20 - 8/30/20
8/30/20 - 9/6/20
9/6/20 - 9/13/20
9/13/20 - 9/20/20
9/20/20 - 9/27/20
9/27/20 - 10/4/20
10/4/20 - 10/11/20
10/11/20 - 10/18/20
11/8/20 - 11/15/20
11/29/20 - 12/6/20
12/6/20 - 12/13/20
12/13/20 - 12/20/20
12/20/20 - 12/27/20
12/27/20 - 1/3/21
1/10/21 - 1/17/21
1/17/21 - 1/24/21
1/24/21 - 1/31/21
1/31/21 - 2/7/21
2/7/21 - 2/14/21
2/21/21 - 2/28/21
2/28/21 - 3/7/21
3/7/21 - 3/14/21
3/14/21 - 3/21/21
3/21/21 - 3/28/21
3/28/21 - 4/4/21
4/4/21 - 4/11/21
4/11/21 - 4/18/21
4/18/21 - 4/25/21
5/2/21 - 5/9/21
5/9/21 - 5/16/21
5/16/21 - 5/23/21
5/23/21 - 5/30/21
5/30/21 - 6/6/21
6/6/21 - 6/13/21
6/13/21 - 6/20/21
6/20/21 - 6/27/21
6/27/21 - 7/4/21
7/4/21 - 7/11/21
7/11/21 - 7/18/21
7/18/21 - 7/25/21
7/25/21 - 8/1/21
8/1/21 - 8/8/21
8/8/21 - 8/15/21
8/22/21 - 8/29/21
9/12/21 - 9/19/21
9/26/21 - 10/3/21
10/17/21 - 10/24/21
10/24/21 - 10/31/21
10/31/21 - 11/7/21
11/7/21 - 11/14/21
11/14/21 - 11/21/21
11/21/21 - 11/28/21
11/28/21 - 12/5/21
12/12/21 - 12/19/21
12/19/21 - 12/26/21
12/26/21 - 1/2/22
1/2/22 - 1/9/22
1/9/22 - 1/16/22
1/16/22 - 1/23/22
1/23/22 - 1/30/22
1/30/22 - 2/6/22
2/6/22 - 2/13/22
2/13/22 - 2/20/22
2/20/22 - 2/27/22
2/27/22 - 3/6/22
3/6/22 - 3/13/22
3/20/22 - 3/27/22
3/27/22 - 4/3/22
4/3/22 - 4/10/22
4/10/22 - 4/17/22
4/17/22 - 4/24/22
4/24/22 - 5/1/22
5/1/22 - 5/8/22
5/8/22 - 5/15/22
5/15/22 - 5/22/22
5/22/22 - 5/29/22
5/29/22 - 6/5/22
6/5/22 - 6/12/22
6/12/22 - 6/19/22
7/10/22 - 7/17/22
7/31/22 - 8/7/22
8/14/22 - 8/21/22
9/4/22 - 9/11/22
9/11/22 - 9/18/22
9/18/22 - 9/25/22
9/25/22 - 10/2/22
10/2/22 - 10/9/22
10/16/22 - 10/23/22
10/23/22 - 10/30/22
10/30/22 - 11/6/22
11/6/22 - 11/13/22
11/13/22 - 11/20/22
12/4/22 - 12/11/22
12/11/22 - 12/18/22
12/18/22 - 12/25/22
12/25/22 - 1/1/23
1/1/23 - 1/8/23
1/15/23 - 1/22/23
1/22/23 - 1/29/23
2/5/23 - 2/12/23
2/19/23 - 2/26/23
2/26/23 - 3/5/23
3/5/23 - 3/12/23
3/19/23 - 3/26/23
3/26/23 - 4/2/23
4/2/23 - 4/9/23
4/9/23 - 4/16/23
4/16/23 - 4/23/23
4/23/23 - 4/30/23
4/30/23 - 5/7/23
5/7/23 - 5/14/23
5/14/23 - 5/21/23
5/21/23 - 5/28/23
5/28/23 - 6/4/23
6/4/23 - 6/11/23
6/11/23 - 6/18/23
6/18/23 - 6/25/23
6/25/23 - 7/2/23
7/2/23 - 7/9/23
7/9/23 - 7/16/23
8/6/23 - 8/13/23
8/13/23 - 8/20/23
8/20/23 - 8/27/23
9/3/23 - 9/10/23
9/10/23 - 9/17/23
9/24/23 - 10/1/23
10/1/23 - 10/8/23
10/22/23 - 10/29/23
10/29/23 - 11/5/23
11/5/23 - 11/12/23
11/12/23 - 11/19/23
11/19/23 - 11/26/23
12/3/23 - 12/10/23
12/10/23 - 12/17/23
12/17/23 - 12/24/23
12/24/23 - 12/31/23
12/31/23 - 1/7/24
1/14/24 - 1/21/24
1/21/24 - 1/28/24
1/28/24 - 2/4/24
2/4/24 - 2/11/24
2/18/24 - 2/25/24
2/25/24 - 3/3/24
3/3/24 - 3/10/24
3/10/24 - 3/17/24
3/17/24 - 3/24/24
4/7/24 - 4/14/24
4/14/24 - 4/21/24
4/21/24 - 4/28/24
4/28/24 - 5/5/24
5/5/24 - 5/12/24
5/12/24 - 5/19/24
5/19/24 - 5/26/24
5/26/24 - 6/2/24
6/2/24 - 6/9/24
6/9/24 - 6/16/24
6/16/24 - 6/23/24
6/23/24 - 6/30/24
7/7/24 - 7/14/24
7/14/24 - 7/21/24
7/21/24 - 7/28/24
8/4/24 - 8/11/24
8/18/24 - 8/25/24
8/25/24 - 9/1/24
9/8/24 - 9/15/24
9/29/24 - 10/6/24
10/6/24 - 10/13/24
10/13/24 - 10/20/24
10/20/24 - 10/27/24
10/27/24 - 11/3/24
11/3/24 - 11/10/24
11/10/24 - 11/17/24
11/17/24 - 11/24/24
12/1/24 - 12/8/24
12/8/24 - 12/15/24
12/15/24 - 12/22/24
12/22/24 - 12/29/24
12/29/24 - 1/5/25
1/5/25 - 1/12/25
1/12/25 - 1/19/25
1/19/25 - 1/26/25
2/2/25 - 2/9/25
2/9/25 - 2/16/25
2/16/25 - 2/23/25


 all contents copyright (c) 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 david friedman. all rights reserved.





