





home · good  harvest
















































2205 silvernail road, pewaukee, wi 53072 • (262) 544-9380
shop healthy • shop local • shop good harvest





eco rewards
food as medicine
hours & location
contact us
careers    
													   






about us
the blog
mission & vision 
our history
buy local wisconsin
giving back
in the media
return policy
customer kindness
faq
recipes
departments
produce
meat & poultry
seafood
wellness & beauty
grocery
bulk
beer, wine & liquor
specialty cheese
sales & harvest deals
events
calendar
private parties
the "hop"
catering
the blog 
eco rewards
food as medicine
organic
gluten free
cholesterol control
blood pressure control
immune boosting foods
low sodium, locavores
vegetarian & vegan
keto, paleo
recipes
hours & location
contact us
careers
current opportunities
application 















 
 
 








































we carry only 100% certified organic produce that is sourced locally whenever possible!
explore our fresh, organic produce

















we love local! carrying hundreds of local products, there's something for everyone!
learn more






















healthy, organic standards

 while we have many of the same departments found in a conventional grocery store, it's our healthy and organic standards and emphasis on local products that set us apart.read more »









buy local

 consumers worldwide are rediscovering the benefits of buying locally grown food.learn more here »









upcoming events

scroll down




feb21
concert series - sweet potato band  6pm - 8pm

friday, february 21st 20256pm - 8pm
free

the sweet potato band delivers a captivating mix of guitar, vocals, flute, and percussion, covering folk, blues, country rock, and classic pop hits. with influences like crosby stills nash & young, the eagles, bob dylan, van morrison, and more, their sound is both diverse and timeless.
featuring:
michael imes: guitar/vocals, master potter, and frisbee golf enthusiast
dave mcclurg: flute, employment attorney, and motorcycle adventurer
bert kreitlow: percussion, retired professor, and latin american studies expert.
with nearly 20 years of shared music experience, the sweet potato band has performed at coffee houses, festivals, farmers markets, and private events. don’t miss their unique sound and warm vibes! 


feb28
concert series - matt mueller  6pm - 8pm

friday, february 28th 20256pm - 8pm
free

matt mueller brings energy, versatility, and authenticity to every performance, ensuring listeners are captivated and engaged from start to finish. he has been entertaining audiences across wisconsin for over 10 years and specializes in everything from classic rock and country to modern pop and oldies. 


mar7
concert series - michael murphy 6pm - 8pm

friday, march 7th 20256pm - 8pm
free

inspired by songwriting legends like john prine, townes van zandt, and leonard cohen, and the fiery instrumentation of luther allison, murphy delivers a soulful and introspective musical experience. known as the "big dog" for his commanding presence and deep, gravelly voice, murphy captivates audiences with his dark yet vibrant vocals.
with albums like "live & blue" (1999) and his 2022 original project "black, two sugars," murphy's music resonates in colleges, bars, coffeehouses, and festivals across the midwest. whether performing originals or reinterpreting classics, his unique style and heartfelt delivery leave a lasting impression. 


mar14
concert series - foocoustics - 6pm - 8pm

friday, march 14th 20256pm - 8pm
free

the foocoustics are an acoustic foo fighters tribute duo from southeastern wisconsin. though the lion share of our set list is foo fighters, we also play a variety of other genres including oldies, 80s and 90s songs. 


mar16
st. paddy's day eve concert - athas - irish music combo - 2pm - 4pm

sunday, march 16th 20252pm - 4pm
free

áthas is a band firmly rooted in the traditions of irish music, constantly seeking inspiration from the past masters and passing on their knowledge by teaching throughout milwaukee. the band remains receptive to new influences, and continues to impress audiences with their new compositions as well as their passion, energy and love for making music. https://www.athasmusic.com/ 

go to all events!


scroll down









visit hop harvest & vine

 hop harvest & vine is a place to relax, enjoy great food and high quality drinks.learn more »



























































store hours


monday - saturday
					            8:00am - 8:00pm					        

sunday
					            9:00am - 7:00pm					        





					            see calendar for holiday hours					        

location
1-1/2 blocks south of i-94 (exit #293) and 1/4 mile west of highway t/grandview ave.






good harvest market is waukesha county's largest natural food store specializing in organic, local, and gluten free foods.
from the extensive organic grocery selections, to our wonderful holistic health and beauty department and all-organic produce department, you can find what you need at good harvest market to eat and live healthy.

















					    
									   



© 2013 good harvest market · 2205 silvernail road, pewaukee, wi 53072 · (262) 544-9380
milwaukee web design by byte studios




































