

thedogplace: world's first dog-site launched 1998

























 
thedogplace.org
 
launched february 1998, thedogplace 
is the world’s first public website, the first to achieve global access and equally unique, it is still a free service for all dog owners.




 

 





 
authoritative free information on everything from allergies to x-rays, by akc dog breeders, judges 
or veterinarians.
 
dog breeds & breeder listings
find the right breed for your lifestyle and a top breeder to help you start out right.
 





 
video theater
world's first! using sight and sound to entertain and inform dog lovers.
 
canine health sections
veterinary scholars on the health effects of today's common "practices."
 





 
dog training made easy
it's never too late for basic obedience & good manners, free useful advice.
 





 
click vital tips to learn more about your dog

 
the pet place
authoritative information on training, spay/neuter, barking and more!
 





 
dog dilemmas
from cutting nails to riding in the car, everyday problem solving made easy!
 
the show place
how to breed a winner, plus proven steps to success in the $52 billion dollar sport of dogs.
 





 
certified breed representative
are you qualified to represent your breed? you can reach 1.2 million prospective dog owners.
 
dog nutrition index
feeding your dog is simple and healthy! 
we've done it for thousands of years!
 





 
thedogplace projects
when  politics  don't work, they become  projects  and we get  results! 
 

     

brought to you by the netplaces network

 



your $20 membership enables the world's first public website (1998) to provide free information by our international science and advisory board. please join our educational project for all dog owners.
become a charter member!

 
thedogplace.org est 1998 © is proud to be part of the netplaces network
 
see our mission statement 
	~ science and advisory board 
	~ journalists 
	and reporters
 
thedogplace.org est 1998 © s99021103171121102202


 

