



  


tampa motorcycle accident attorney - st petersburg motorcycle injury lawyer






















no fees or costs unless we win!








bradley d. souders, p.a.
call us toll free for free 24/7 consultations: 1-866-hoglaw1 (1-866-464-5291)










home



                      attorney
                    





bio
hiring an attorney




why hire us
practice areas







                      helpful info
                    





finding a doctor
motorcycle safety
links
laws
insurance facts
insurance commercials





publications
charity
faq's
mission
blog







                      area info
                    





clearwater attorney info
brandon attorney info
sarasota attorney info
riverview attorney info
lakeland attorney info
leesburg attorney info




new port richey attorney info
wesley chapel attorney info
plant city attorney info
sun city center attorney info
zephyrhills attorney info







testimonials


free evaluation


accident checklist


case results


contact us





 


motorcycle accident? injured?
call: 1-866-hoglaw1 | (1-866-464-5291)
(evening & weekend appointments available)







motorcycle accident & motorcycle injury attorney





hog law is a law firm specializing in representation of those injured in motorcycle accidents throughout tampa bay and the state of florida. attorney bradley d. souders, a biker himself, understands first-hand the devastating impact a motorcycle accident and injury can have on you, your livelihood, and your family.




 


combined with outrageous legal fees charged by other lawyers and lack of personal service at other law firms, filing a claim can be an exhausting and agonizing process. but it doesn't have to be. at hog law, we are committed to easing your burden by offering personable and affordable legal representation from someone who knows where you've been and understands your pain. why go to any lawyer when you can be represented by one of your own at hog law?
with hog law, you will have an experienced attorney and an experienced biker on your side. in his 30+ years practicing law, brad souders has received the highest of peer review ratings and continues to provide legal counsel throughout the state of florida at reduced "biker rates." he has represented bikers injured in motorcycle accidents in tampa, st. petersburg, clearwater, orlando, jacksonville, ft. walton beach, fort myers, florida keys, boynton beach, and across the coast to daytona beach, fort lauderdale, miami, arcadia, deltona, hernando, leesburg, manatee, ocala, pasco, sarasota, seminole, sun city and zephyrhills thus earning the reputation as "the motorcycle accident lawyer" in the state of florida.




if you've sustained injury from a motorcycle accident, call us today for a free consultation. if you are unable to meet with us at our office in tampa, we can come to you. we do hospital, home, and weekend appointments upon request. put our years of experience and outstanding reputation to work for you by calling hog law at 1-866-hoglaw1 or 1-800-254-5155. hog law will even accept calls after hours by calling  813-220-7767. "watch out for motorcycles!!!" ®








have you been injured in a motorcycle accident? hog law can help…
the most common types of motorcycle accidents involve those where a vehicle is making a left turn in front of you, violating your right of way; or, a rear-end accident, either causing the motorcyclist serious injuries or death.
following a motorcycle crash, the motorcyclist typically has the following categories of damages:

damage to the motorcycle
damage to helmet, jacket, gloves etc.
serious injuries
ambulance or helicopter bills
emergency room bills
hospital admission bills
other doctor or medical bills
lost wages
future lost wages
pain and suffering
future pain and suffering
other damages



following the crash, you are likely to have many questions:
most bikers are especially concerned about their bike and getting it fixed; or, having it declared as a total loss, for quick resolution to getting back on the road as soon as possible. other questions might be related to obtaining a rental car, or finding a doctor who takes motorcycle accident cases, or finding a lawyer experienced in motorcycle cases, injuries, and settlements. for general guidance, please review our frequently asked questions page.
brad is "av rated" (the highest rating) by martindale hubbell®, having been rated by local judges and lawyers, regarding his skill, knowledge and reputation as an attorney. brad has been a biker all his life, riding since childhood (three decades and counting!) 
read more about attorney brad souders
the law firm represents injured bikers throught the state of florida. contact us for more information about our location, mailing address, and for a map to our tampa office.
free consultations and if there is no recovery, no fees or costs. you are welcome to call on either one of our toll free numbers to speak directly with brad about your accident, damages, insurance, and other questions you may have.
don’t pay 1/3 or 40%. other lawyers may charge either rate, the maximum rates allowed by law. brad souders is a "biker representing bikers" and has a strict policy of representing bikers at a reduced rate of 30%, plus "case costs" (expenses incurred in pursuing the claim), regardless of whether the case settles before or after a lawsuit.








call toll-free for a free consultation
1-866-464-5291 (1-866-hoglaw1) or call brad directly at:  813-220-7767 representing injured bikers & their families throughout the state of florida. call the attorney who actually rides!








hog law proudly represents bikers & their families throughout the state of florida. if your accident happened outside the state of florida, hog law is still here for you:
hog-law utilizes state-of-the-art tools to help you find the most experienced and qualified motorcycle attorney in your state, who can best represent you, the injured motorcyclist; or worse, family members who are in need to hire an attorney for a wrongful death claim. simply contact brad toll free during business hours 1-800-254-5155, on his cell phone 813-220-7767
        , or by email at brad@hoglaw1.com.
providing hog-law with the accident details, allows us the information to help you. by commitment and dedication to the motorcycle community, as a fellow biker, brad takes pride in personally assisting you to find the very best attorney possible to handle any out of state claims. the goal is simple, help you find the best attorney in your area, in your state, in your county, close to your home, who is the most aggressive, who also has high peer review ratings, to get you the justice and recovery you deserve. as a fellow motorcyclist, attorney brad souders wants you to have the very best, to right the wrong!



 






awards & accreditations 





















10.0bradley david souders 

























 










    ﻿

 








brad's handling of my claim went far beyond anything that i had expected.
he initially visited me at home in response to my call and then accompanied my wife to view the damage and retrieve my personal items. he explained... read full testimony
leonard












"watch out for motorcycles"®
















contact info:


bradley d. souders, pa. |  115 s. fielding ave. tampa, fl 33606   1-866-hoglaw1 (1-866-464-5291) |  brad@hoglaw1.com





request a decal








legal disclaimer
the information on this site is not, nor is it intended to be legal advice. bradley d. souders, p.a. prepared this information for general information purposes only. if you were involved in an accident, you should consult with an attorney for individual advice regarding your own situation. the hiring of a lawyer is an important decision and should not be based solely upon advertisements alone. before you decide, ask the lawyer to send you free written information about their qualifications and experience.
accessibility









© 2015-2025 all rights reserved by bradley d. souders, pa 



website redesign and hosting by digital eel, inc.















