






flyingmonkeyarts: social media guides, tricks, tips









































skip to content













 



home





















what is instagram history,features and how will it work?  by shelly coleinstagram to start with
instagram is the platform for many of the individual users and creators. therefore, instagram has been a platform for sharing photos and videos with others. interestingly, you can also connect with people internationally. moreover, photo and video-sharing options have become a major trend on the internet. you can also make your presence visible to everyone when there is a strong instagram bio. yes, let us look at instagram history. we, as users, will be watching reels, sharing them, or sending messages. but ever wondered how instagram works and what makes it even more popular? if not, let us look deeply into that.
what is instagram?
instagram is free for photos and videos internationally. therefore, it includes features like stories, instagram bios, direct messages, and much more. to make it stronger, you can use an instagram bio for boys that make your presence visible to everyone. yes, without any delay, start to design and improve your presence. or if you want to follow your favorite celebrity or a media influencer, then you can start following them. if you want to promote your brand or products and services, or if you want to showcase your talents and skills, then this platform will be more helpful. then, what are you waiting for to share your photos and videos and start to gain more followers?
how does it become successful?
as mentioned above, instagram has mainly focused on sharing photos and videos. so, this platform has been considered a strong engagement tool and has helped people make it simpler even though this has made a simple process and made people scroll to the next videos. though it is a free tool and does not charge anything, the video can be viewed or shared.
success is the attainment of goals. when there is proper guidance, there are more opportunities to develop and improve your profile. each and every person has a different type of opinion. based on the users’ preferences and needs, instagram will provide results.
how does instagram work?
instagram allows users to share videos, photos, and captions to their profiles and feeds. users can also interact with their favorite instagram creators and start liking, commenting, and sharing videos. instagram algorithm has been based on the user’s activity, engagement patterns, preferences, and perspectives. moreover, this platform is truly engaging and effective for all kinds of users.
instagram’s history
kevin systrom and mike krieger started instagram. this platform was launched on october 6, 2010. within a short period of time, it has been ranked higher. while the app was introduced within three months, its reach was incredible. at present, it is used by billions of people around the world. right from the beginning, this application’s main aim is to make the users feel easier and more comfortable while sharing photos and videos.
there are many reasons why instagram has been famous and still being used by many. moreover, this app has become a valuable resource for many users. one of the main reasons why people go behind this application is it is absolutely free and delivers the content that is currently trending. when you start using them wisely, it will be a powerful platform to help you succeed. however, it does not matter if you don’t have a clear idea of how to use them. then, just relax, get ideas from others, and start using them wisely.
features on instagram
there are a wide variety of features on instagram. firstly, you can share photos and videos; then you can watch reels; if anything is important, you can add them to your stories or even on highlights that have been displayed below your profile. moreover, the uploaded videos can also be edited, or filters, transitions, and songs can be added to this platform. you can also view the trending content and gain more knowledge by exploring the feeds.
as a creator, you must add effective filters ,visual effects and transitions based on the trend. it is also important to note that the bio will help you engage. have you ever heard of instagram bio for girls and boys? to make it easier and receive your desired content instantly. likewise, there are many opportunities where you can start to explore and improve your presence.
to end with
while user growth has been popularized, there are also more improvements on this platform. yes, because it has user-friendly options and features, most of the people go behind on this platform. moreover, this platform mainly focuses on sharing photos and videos quickly. hopefully, this platform will be more helpful, and articles will cover the history behind instagram and how it works.


december 30, 2024








pivotal tricks to increase your instagram story views  by shelly coleinstagram are you a professional content creator or individual who wishes to grow your presence using instagram stories? if yes, you are in the right place to get the needed tricks. everyone knows that instagram is the perfect platform for sharing helpful content. however, putting effort into upgrading your content’s discoverability is necessary.
stick with a specific niche and post organic content via stories. remember, the story you upload will remain only for 24 hours. that’s why it is pivotal to share content regularly on instagram. preplan a good content strategy and also use an instagram private story downloader to download and see the content of others to get inspiration. it improves your exposure and growth within a short time. however, you should know the essential strategies to boost your instagram story views. let’s start!
⭐ 5 tips to escalate your instagram story views
improving your presence on a popular social media platform like instagram is easy using the story feature. many users have shared excellent content to improve their growth and recognition on instagram. are you excited to learn the smart and fantastic tricks? aren’t you? here, we begin to learn the top-notch tips!

maintain consistency
use interactive stickers
work with other users
keep the visuals more appealing
highlight your stories

1. maintain consistency
consistency is the primary strategy you need to implement on all social media platforms. creating content that reflects your niche and posting it as stories is a good idea to gain more fame. mainly, plan according to work schedule and create content. you can even post images of good quality to get the desired reach. it helps you improve your popularity and engagement rapidly. so, consistently following the trick of posting stories will result in gaining more followers quickly.
2. use interactive stickers
another fantastic way to upgrade your reach is using interactive stickers. it offers a wide variety of stickers like polls, question boxes, and so on. when you properly implement the effective strategy, it improves your recognition within a short time. the more you upload the videos or images, the more your exposure gets increased. mainly, it will give the audience a valid reason to see your posts. if you strategically upload the stories on instagram, you can get the growth and desired results much faster.
3. work with other users
sharing unique content relevant to your niche is a great idea. but, sometimes, you may not get ideas for sharing stories frequently. working with other instagram users is a good idea if you face such a situation. cross-promote your content on other user’s stories. even, use the fuztools to download and see many user’s stories before collaborating. it helps both of you maximize your popularity and visibility on instagram effectively. that’s why all users follow the simple strategy to attain higher growth. you can also follow the same effective hack to improve your presence online.
4. keep the visuals more appealing
to gauge the attention of a massive audience using instagram stories, it is mandatory to post visually appealing content. you have to use high-quality images, good-edited videos, and vibrant colors to get many views. it is a crucial hack that lets you quickly escalate your story’s views and likes. anyway, you have to focus on designs and content to improve your reach on instagram. invest time and produce niche-specific content consistently using the story feature with a good sticker to improve your engagement and presence as soon as possible.
5. highlight your stories
everyone knows that instagram stories disappear after 24 hours. so, if you wish to extend your story time, just leverage the highlight feature. categorize into different groups and focus on keeping it as highlights. potential audiences will prefer to see all the stories when they see the content. on the other hand, they will follow your account too. that’s why it is a top-notch hack you need to consider to get higher reach and fame online. if you keep posting your stories and putting them in highlights, your growth will also elevate faster.
final thoughts
hope, all the effective strategies listed in this article will help you increase your views for your stories. take your social content to new heights and get higher popularity. mainly, post quality images or videos with the best content. include the necessary details and keep the content short and engaging. you can share the video for up to 15 seconds, so plan accordingly. also, remember to leverage the built-in features of the stories to make it look more attractive. if you persistently follow the hacks listed, it increases your story views quickly.


december 27, 2024








how to respond to a tiktok comment with a video: 7 quick steps  by shelly coletiktok so, you want to know how to create a reply to a tiktok comment with a video? then, you’ve fallen into the right place! in this detailed write-up, we shall explore how to do that without a hitch! 
have you ever come across a comment that really bothers or offends you? sadly, in most cases, many experience it! to break the silence and handle the negativity positively, you can reply to the comments through a video.
doing so creates a buzz around your profile and helps to increase engagement quickly. in addition, many opt to buy real tiktok likes to expedite getting high engagement on tiktok. now, let’s delve deeper into the topic and explore it in detail!
how to reply to a comment with a video: method 1
through this method, you can make a response publicly. come on, let’s unveil one step at a time! 
step 1: light up the tiktok app and choose a comment you want to reply to.
step 2: next, pop on the reply underneath the comment. 
step 3: now, next to the text box, click the record button. 
step 4: once you are done recording, touch and drag the comment to adjust the placement of comments on the display. 
step 5: use two fingers to swipe and tow the statement to make it bigger or smaller. also, you can rotate the comments if you want. 
step 6: then, click comment and pop set duration. once you set it, click the preview button. 
step 7: if you are satisfied with editing, hit the share button!
how to reply to a comment with a video: method 2
if you want to reply to a comment privately, follow this method. let’s unwrap steps successively! 
step 1: firstly, create a reply video. 
step 2: pop on the share icon and head to “who can view this video>private.”
step 3: next, once again, pop on the share idol and tap “copy link.” now, the link is copied. 
step 4: look for the profile you want to reply to and head to the account. 
step 5: pop on the three dots next to the following button. click on it and select message. 
step 6: you are almost done! paste the video url in chat and send!
3 actionable tips and tricks to get more engagement on tiktok 
interact with your audience
engaging with your audience helps to ramp up engagement on tiktok! yes, interacting with your audience makes them feel welcomed and worthwhile. as a result, they keep engaging with your content. more than that, it fosters a feeling of belonging and helps to build profound connections.
hence, look in every possible way and don’t miss out on interacting with your audience. additionally, you can take advantage of tikscoop to rack up a lot of engagement at quick turnaround times. 
hop on the latest trends and challenges 
a smart way to increase engagement is by joining the latest trends and challenges. it is no wonder that almost trends and challenges are the livelihood of tiktok! joining them aids you in tapping broader audience segments and increases your chances of becoming popular on tiktok. 
most importantly, adding your unique twist to a trend or challenge makes you stand out and grab a distinctive place in the audience’s mind. so, look for popular trends in your niche and hop on them immediately before they go behind the times.
partner up with influencers
collaborating with influencers and creators is the most effective technique used to increase engagement. when people see their favorite creators’ videos on their feeds, they feel more inclined to watch the videos. if your content amazes them, inevitably, they tend to follow and engage with your content. 
hence, search for niche influencers and approach them for collaboration. to make it successful, plan everything beforehand, such as content, music, script, etc. most crucially, post at audience active times for better results.  
end of the line
and there you go! these are a few steps to create a reply video for a comment on tiktok. with the help of the listed steps, start replying to the comments! doing so helps you provide in-depth interpretations, creates excitement among the audience, and fosters profound relationships. as a bonus, you got a bunch of tips to increase engagement on tiktok. stick to the listed tips and watch your engagement soar like never before! now, get the lead out &
01 interact with your audience 
02 hop on the latest trends and challenges 
03 partner up with influencers
best of luck:-)


september 2, 2024








must-try tactics to promote your music on spotify  by shelly colespotify are you a music artist who wants to promote your music on the spotify platform? if yes, you are at the right place to learn the tips. spotify is a reputed music streaming platform that allows artists to upload great tracks and make money. 
but, having many followers is crucial to getting higher engagement and fame on spotify. you should plan and upload unique music to attract users to listen. also, select the famous way to buy spotify plays to escalate your reach much faster. it saves time and helps you increase your growth quickly. now, let’s learn useful tips for promoting your music on spotify. 
💥effectual hacks to promote your music on spotify
here are a few tips that you need to follow to promote your music on spotify. are you ready to learn the tips? let’s explore!

understand the spotify platform
set up an artist profile
create and share your own playlists
upload great music  
promote using social media platforms
work with other music artists  

👉understand the spotify platform
the first thing you need to do is know the basics of spotify without fail. spotify has a music library where you can find a treasure of music. all styles of music will be available on spotify. so, it shows you can upload any type of music style to get famous. 
the next thing you need to know is the playlists. the platform allows you to create customized playlists to help you elevate your visibility. you can plan and promote your music correctly when you understand how it works. 
👉set up an artist profile
the next essential trick you must follow is creating an artist profile on spotify. it helps you get access to valuable insights and know the engagement rate faster. so, know the steps to create an artist account. 
include the correct details to make the users see and listen to your songs without fail. therefore, optimize your profile, including your website link and profile picture, to get the expected results. 
👉create and share your own playlists
engaging listeners on spotify will be easy if you create your own playlists. it is also a convenient way to promote your music. so, what you have to do is to mix all your music and create a playlist. be creative when you add the playlist titles and descriptions. it is mandatory to get better reach. 
that’s why many artists follow the effective idea and gain more popularity. you can also implement the same trick and increase your engagement quickly. if you do, it will help you increase your revenue quickly. 
👉upload great music  
one of the pivotal tricks you have to follow is sharing great music on spotify. every listener will look for music that is engaging and unique. so, you need to get inspiration from other famous artists and record the songs. 
upload the music with the best cover art to attract users on spotify to make them listen to the tracks. it increases your exposure and plays without any doubt. that’s why you need to prioritize and upload great music on spotify to get more profit effectively. 
👉promote using social media platforms
boosting your reach on all the trending social media platforms is another essential thing you need to follow to promote your music. you can create an account on all the trending social media platforms to boost your engagement shortly. some of the ideas that will help you attract users to spotify are listed below. take a look!

provide valuable information to the audience about your music to make them listen to the songs. 
share behind-the-scenes and make the users enjoy and get curious to check your spotify profile. 
give a sneak peek to your audience about the new launches.
share your music journey to increase your fan base. 

when you plan and promote using social media platforms, it increases your presence and fame. so, implement the strategies to gain more exposure within a short while. 
👉work with other music artists  
promoting your music with the help of popular music artists will help you both gain the expected reach simultaneously. however, selecting and collaborating with the correct artist is essential to amplify your exposure. 
don’t choose random artists, check their profile and then collebuarte. you can later discuss your goals and plan content strategies. when you consistently work with music artists, it supports you in improving your growth without fail. 
last glance 
promoting your music or tracks on spotify is easy when you learn and follow some important tactics. if you don’t get any ideas for doing promotions, don’t worry; just explore the tips listed in this article. try to implement all the simple and prominent hacks consistently. if you do, it helps you boost your presence on spotify. people will also discover your music and listen to it. so, try to follow the important tactics and achieve success in promoting your songs on spotify. 


august 2, 2024








is tiktok shop feature open door for social commerce?  by shelly coletiktok thinking of selling your products on tiktok? if yes, the better way is to utilize the tiktok shop feature. tiktok frequently adds new features on the platform to make users interested in purchasing the products. one of the hottest social commerce features is tiktok shop which rapidly adapts marketing to boost sales.
there is no surprise! you can well customize your tiktok shop and engage users. to improve commercial activity, try to post more tiktok videos and utilize tikscoop for an extensive reach of the brands. to an extent, tap on the for you page, and you will explore the wide range of videos that pique user interest. the fyp consists of trending videos that the algorithm curates the feed.
so while uploading vertical videos, ensure it is valuable for your brand to inspire a young audience and sell more. let’s dive deep into getting insights about the tiktok shop feature.
what is a tiktok shop?
are you excited to know about the tiktok shop? let’s learn here. tiktok shop is a feature that helps brands display their products in a more customized way to attract potential customers when they tap into the feature. it is now one of the compelling features to help people discover the product they want to buy.
in simple terms, let you know that the tiktok shop feature is a suite of features that allows businesses to tap into the power of social commerce on tiktok. well, the dedicated shopping tap on the tiktok profile shows the shopping bag icon. users, tapping on the tiktok shop feature, can browse multiple products and choose the products that they want to buy. then, customers can easily check out the products and enjoy their shopping experience.
tiktok shop: a new in-app shopping feature
scaling social commerce on tiktok is now easier than ever with the launch of the tiktok shop feature. so if you are a business, set up a tiktok shop, which opens a new door for social commerce.
link to products
if you started to use the tiktok shop feature, let you know that you can link to tag products in your videos. so while users watch your videos, they find the link, and if they tap on it, they will learn more about your products. with this step, you can connect with the people directly. that means you can take your storefront before customers. as a result, it encourages customers to complete their purchases with ease.
so always try to link live shopping offers, live-streaming products with specific links, and real-time demos of your products. customers will tap on the link to learn about your brand and make a purchase, which tends to uplift your brand’s sales.
trailing tiktok shopping
when the tiktok shop feature was launched, shopify understood the value of tiktok and got partnered with it to improve social commerce activities. with the integration of shopify and tiktok, many marketers are showcasing their products by setting up the mini-storefront, which directly link to their business website to check out the products. therefore, you can successfully set up and optimize your tiktok shop to improve your customers’ shopping experience. in addition, share your brand promotional videos and buy real tiktok likes to establish your brand and perfect your marketing campaign successfully.
is every business can use the tiktok shop feature?
the tiktok shop feature was initially launched only with the specified shopify retailers in the u.s., u.k., and canada. only for a trial, the program was later extended to various countries to allow more businesses and users to enjoy using this feature. this program was expanded to many countries and catered to shopify retailers, and the future integration partners are adding up on the platform. well, this feature lets businesses boost their sales and revenue.
tips to set up tiktok shopping
if you decide to set up the tiktok shopping feature, as a first step, change to a tiktok for business account. the businesses already registered with the shopify app can now join the tiktok shop to boost their sales. with the effective utilization of tiktok features, you can create eye-appealing video ads and get many viewers’ attention.
whatever store you are running, try to change to a tiktok for business account, and let you know that it automatically installs the tiktok pixel. with it, you can enrich your storefront, make your ads dynamically more attractive, and interest more potential users to check out your products seamlessly. to improve further, you can buy real tiktok views and double the visibility.
consumers, while watching the videos, make your dynamic ads display in front of users will interest them in checking out the product. do you want to know how? tiktok has partnered with the shopify store to check out the process. it makes the user’s purchase more flexible, and they will purchase your brand.
tiktok shop – stores forefront
if you set up a tiktok shop, you must understand that it is the store’s forefront. so, try to make it more appealing to attract more prospective customers. for that, upload a high-quality product picture that is attractive too. in addition, ensure that the profile picture should represent your brand, and you should not source from your competitors’ sites.
to provide more details about your brand to your prospects, write captivating titles for your products within 34 characters that stay highly visible. in addition, write a full description and include necessary information about your products that helps customers to know more about your product. so they will decide whether to buy the product or not.
how to set up a tiktok shop successfully?
you won’t get the result immediately once you set up the tiktok shop. everything takes time, and you can expect that customers will buy your products in the future. you have to focus on previewing your bio and updating it with the right information. including the specific keywords will enhance seo and improve your profile visibility. adding some exciting elements like emoji is best to make your tiktok shop more attractive to potential customers.
more importantly, in your tiktok videos, you can explain how to purchase your products and add links to make people purchase from your store. so, get ready to promote your catalog in an attractive way in your videos and mix up your videos in the most interesting way. if your video excites users, they will go through the steps to purchase the item. one best way to improve your shopping activity is to use branded hashtags which could expose your brand to a broader audience.
wrapping it up
hopefully, you got a clear vision that the tiktok shop feature paves the way for social commerce. this feature is advancing a lot and expanding in the future by partnering with more new brands. moreover, tiktok’s shopping ads include catalog listing ads, video shopping ads, and live shopping ads. these ads influence shoppers to engage with the brand and boost sales successfully.


may 16, 2024








how to embrace the tiktok algorithm to grow your business?  by shelly coletiktok want to grow your business on social media platforms? tiktok is the best option you can confidently go for. tiktok is all about virality. and this is one of the reasons why many creators, brands, and businesses admire this platform. cracking the tiktok algorithm is quite simple. you only need a robust presence on tiktok. you can also buy tiktok views to increase your content visibility and boost your tiktok fame organically.
knowing this, you must understand how the tiktok algorithm works to grow your business. there is no special magic that can help you shine on tiktok. only by learning and understanding the tiktok algorithm will assist you with that. let us dive deeper into this article to master the algorithm and take your business growth to great heights. let’s get started!
what is the ‘tiktok algorithm’ means?
the tiktok algorithm is an intricate system mainly designed to satisfy users’ content on their app’s homepage, i.e., the ‘for you page.’ agreeing with tiktok, the algorithm analyzes and ranks the videos based on your interests and preferences. even if you are a new user, tiktok will try to understand and adjust things for you. social media is here to socialize with everyone. buy tiktok likes is one of the best examples of starting a relationship with new people.
how does the tiktok algorithm really work?
so, how exactly the tiktok algorithm works? wherever you hear about the tiktok algorithm, your primary focus would be the for you page. featuring on tiktok for you page is still a goal for many users. coming to the point, how the tiktok algorithm works? the algorithm works by suggesting several video content based on some factors. the factors are:

user interactions – the user interactions are analyzed by the videos you view, like, comment, and share. also, the tiktok accounts you follow, etc.
profile interests – this will show the profile interests you indicate when you sign up to tiktok and what you express you are not interested in.
device settings – the device settings will show your language preference, location, country, device type, etc.
video information – the video information will include factors like captions, location, hashtags, and sounds.

these are the essential factors you need to understand how the tiktok algorithm really works. now that you know the importance of the tiktok algorithm, let us move on to the smart tips to crack the algorithm and grow your business on tiktok.
9 smart tips to crack the algorithm and grow your business
#1 hook your target audience
since tiktok always favors videos that are seamless, snappy, and easy to watch. it is crucial to hook your target audience within three seconds of your video. when you start to make your video with an interesting hook, the viewers will indeed watch your video till the end. so, to hook your target audience, create an engaging introduction to your video. also, to ease this process, you can use upviral to improve your tiktok presence along with high engagement rates and visibility organically.
#2 rely on your niche
the tiktok algorithm will understand your video when you constantly post about your business niche. when you start to upload videos relevant to your niche, tiktok will display them to the right audience. first, analyze your niche; if you are a beauty brand owner, you can create videos like beauty tutorials, advice, and grwms.
#3 use trending sounds
remember that the tiktok algorithm will work and favor your content using trending sounds. so, why not consider using trending sounds in your videos and make your video go viral on tiktok? browse the trending sounds and incorporate them into your video. this way, you can increase the visibility of your video content.
#4 try all tiktok features
tiktok is typically known for new features and updates. if you are a beta user on tiktok, then luck is on your side. try out all the features on tiktok to gain more engagement on your video content. use the app’s excellent in-built features to edit and make your video visually stunning. always keep an eye out for tiktok’s new features update and try them to increase your visibility.
#5 use suitable hashtags
like instagram and twitter, hashtags on tiktok will assist you to distinguish the video content. which ultimately makes it easier for tiktokers to search for a video on this platform. when you use suitable hashtags in your video, the algorithm will recognize what your video is about. for example, if you are a small business owner, you can use hashtags like #smallbusiness, #smallbusinesscheck, #motivation, and #tiktokbusiness.
#6 engage with other creators in your niche
start to engage with other creators in your niche and build a conversation with them. engaging with other creators will not only help you grow your business but also boost your engagement rates effectively.
#7 create inclusive content
creating inclusive content on tiktok is yet another best tactic to crack the algorithm. the simplest way to achieve this is by including captions and text on the screen. ensure your video content is more understandable and accessible so that more people can watch and enjoy your video.
#8 post at the peak times
while the algorithm mainly focuses on video factors, posting your video at peak times will add more value to your business. you can use the tiktok analytics feature to find the best time to post on tiktok. understand your target audience’s prime time and upload your video accordingly.
#9 focus on your video length
tiktok allows its users to make videos from 15 seconds to 10 minutes long. well, tiktok is mainly known for its short video format, so keep your video length shorter. show your innovation and creativity by making short videos on tiktok. make sure your video will express the real meaning within a short span of time. if you want to try long videos for up to 10 minutes, go on and give it a try. finally, enhance your tiktok profile by leveraging our service and grow your audience base legitimately.
over to you!
tiktok is an ideal platform for many brands and businesses to promote their products or services. to grow your business on tiktok, you need to understand the app’s algorithm first. make use of this excellent article to master the tiktok algorithm and grow your business efficiently. unleash your hidden capabilities and try these smart tips to take your business to the next level. good luck!


may 6, 2024








how to compete with my competitors using social media marketing?  by shelly colesmm panel if you want to outperform your business in today’s digital era, it is essential to determine your competitor’s performance and how they upscale their business. social media marketing is your most excellent place to learn about your competitors’ approaches. currently, social media has become an integral part of the marketing plan. with the immense presence of more businesses on social media to promote their products and services, the rivalry on social media has surged. every day, thousands of millions of posts are posted on social media, and every brand strives to dominate its presence and stay ahead of the competitors. social media is transforming the competitive landscape, and it is without a doubt the ideal platform for businesses to promote their brands. moreover, by determining their competitors, they can formulate their plan and compete with the competitors in real-time. here look at the factors of social media marketing that helps you to establish a meaningful relationship with your customers.
famouspanel: determine your competitors
if you neglect to rely on crucial leads generated by your competitors, you may find yourself confined in the rivalry. most businesses want to outperform their competitors on social media. you may simply monitor your rivals’ activity, such as the most recent campaign, the circulating posts, the top-performing articles, and so on. make a specific choice by listing the top 5-10 competitors after identifying your main competitors. evaluate them on a daily basis to learn about your rivals’ content, frequency of postings, influencers they are connecting with, and promotional events they are now doing. when tracking your competitors discover the type of smm panel services they are choosing to drive more traffic and lead generation. an in-depth report of your competitors will help you make the necessary changes in your plan, and you can easily reach out to the potential audience.
be practical while choosing your competitors
when it comes to an understanding of your competitors, you may think that you know your competitors. but, you need to know who your real competitors are and how to compete with them. there are two kinds of competitors.
your direct competitors: the brand similar to you makes the competition sell their products or service more than you to improve their sales.
your competitors for customer interaction and awareness: these businesses do not operate in the same way that you want to do. the similarity is in the target audience, as a growing number of businesses compete for the same demographics. you can determine your potential customers if you track your competitors on a regular basis. see what new content strategies and distribution techniques they are pursuing. understanding their success and failure helps you evaluate which content will best connect with your typical audience.
share a high-quality content
check out your competitors and determine the type of content that works best and gaining more traction among customers. determining your competitor’s content which is receiving a lot of traffic, strategize your content. with a well-understanding, create and share high-quality content which is more impactful than your competitor’s content. creating appealing content will deliver the message to your potential audience and interact with your audience. it ends in driving more traffic to your site. creating eye-grabbing content will impress the customers. moreover, sites like famouspanel will help you to beat your competitors by increasing the engagement rate.
track audience growth
businesses, to compete in competitive marketing, will use a variety of social media platforms and channels. it’s unusual to come across a business that just uses one social media channel unless that channel outperforms the others. to learn about your rivals’ social media strategies, pay attention to the platforms they use and how regularly they update their feeds with new content. assess the type of content that leverages their blog posts on the monthly follower engagement.
determine post timing
one of the vital metrics you have to know is in which time your competitors are posting. it is best to post the content at a particular time when your customers are online on a specific platform. get to know that different platforms will have various engagement rates. determine the posting time of your competitors on the platform which you use. thereby, you can post the content at the right time and increase your followers. you can even get the help of paid services like famouspanel and improve your business performance.
succeed on social media!
if the businesses learn about their competitors, they can better plan their strategy to make a strong presence on social media. gather the competitor’s data and take advantage of it to make the essential decision relating to your social media strategy. with this great strategy, you can make your business stay ahead of the competition on social media.


october 23, 2021








how a brand can speed up its growth on instagram  by shelly coleinstagram instagram is the most opt social application for doing any sort of promotions in the present scenario. this is because this social channel seems to work effectively for everyone. so, it is an ideal measure to take advantage of this leading social platform. though many social applications are prevalent, instagram manages to gain importance as a major one amidst colossal competition. many brands have a clear-cut knowledge that social e-commerce is the future of b2b sales. hence, it is important for companies to have an active presence on social applications. among the many available platforms, only instagram manages to gain the people’s attention and has been having a remarkable user base growth for a more extended period. before three-five years, instagram was regarded to be an ideal one only for a specific age group. but, today, the platform seems to work best for all ages, considering the people of various ages having their presence in it. 
today, even if a company wants to market a product to middle-aged people, it can utilize this social channel. thus, the user base of instagram has diversified to a vast extent. today, the platform has become a perfect fit for people of all ages. this has become possible because this social application has been the home to many brands in the present times. so, reaching new heights for a brand is viable through this social channel. through this, you can understand the fact that instagram is a good platform for marketing a brand to people of various ages. another factor you should notice is that this social application has managed to earn the attention of people of different ages.
on the other hand, a firm can also buy instagram story views packages that can boost your posts’ visibility to a considerable extent. a b2c company can have a significant upliftment for it if it goes with this social channel. though the internet is filled with many ways to do promotions none could come closer to instagram. hence, using instagram is a perfect measure as brands are keeping them updated with time. so, try out this social channel as it has the most number of potential customers. even a b2b brand can have sufficient growth for it through this social application. thus, this platform can have comprehensive growth if it takes advantage of this social platform. instagram is the perfect fit for a wide range of brands as millions of people are present in it. so, having sustainable growth is viable if a firm goes with instagram. 
the social platform provides various features for a brand to market it efficiently. hence, brand promotions can be achieved effortlessly if a company resorts among the various tactics that can be used on this social application. you have one option or another to market a brand on this social application. for example, a brand can use instagram stories, igtv, standard posts to promote it. thus, it can be achieved easily if a brand utilizes any of these features to have a heavy growth at ease. in the present times, all the major brands are having remarkable growth for them after they have started doing a strong promotion on this social application. today, instagram acts as a good place for doing a vast range of promotions. thus, having a maximized growth is possible for brands quickly through instagram.
in recent times, many companies are hiring influencers to generate a large number of new leads for them. so, using this platform will be a wiser move by companies for having strong growth. today, people who are even above 45 years of age have become influencers on instagram. this shows that this platform is home to people of all ages. so, no matter what the target audience of a brand, it can utilize instagram. this notable social channel has attained this growth in recent times. hence, companies can have a continuous reach for them by picking an influencer of any age from this social application. today, though multiple social platforms can be found from the internet, nothing could satiate people as being done by instagram. hence, grabbing a unique user base is possible on this social application.


june 23, 2021








how celebrities make use of tiktok trends  by shelly coletiktok tiktok, owned by chinese media company bytedance, mainly serves gen z audiences and is broadly used by the younger generation. the users share more of their reactions and comments about the impacts of covid-19. the celebrities are drifting towards the tiktok app to stay connected with their fans and benefit them by sharing the best practices amid the pandemic situation. the stars actively spread social awareness by uploading their handwashing videos. the hashtag challenge #iwillsurvive encourages users to follow the same. also, the famous celebrity mariah carey along with her twins posted a handwashing video in which a timer was set to twenty seconds.
tiktok’s success was certainly not a cakewalk, and it has overcome a lot of controversies. in 2018, tiktok made its overseas performance collaborating with musical.ly. in 2020, tiktok was again set into a new competition and supported brands to buy tiktok views. tiktok stands out of other social media platforms by offering a vast music library. also, tiktok integrates with apple music offering a high-quality experience to the users. the users can also include stickers, emojis, split screens filters, and much more.
initially, tiktok was downloaded merely to have some fun; later, the user got addicted to the application slowly and spent most of their hours checking out their “for you” page. in parallel with famous tiktok influencers, celebrities also began to post their promo videos, concert videos, and makeup tutorials. they also participated in the app’s latest trends, thereby gaining more fame through the app. also, duets are a collaborative option on tiktok that enables users to curate another person’s videos and include them in theirs. duets can be of any kind, such as remixes, perfect collabs, spoofs, and much more. the celebrities wisely make use of remixes to connect with their fans.     
though youtubers initiated the reaction genre, tiktokers have added perfection to it. using the share option of other’s videos, users can choose to react. when the video is playing, the users can parallel record their reactions and overlay them along with the original. the react videos can also be created in large groups. the memes created on the tiktok platform do not merely stay on the platform alone. most users share the created content on other social media profiles such as instagram, snapchat, and pinterest. instagram has nearly thirty-two million posts from tiktok; also, creative captions add an attractive layer to the tiktok meme.
each day various stories about celebrities are spread in every form of social media. mostly the fans check their influencer’s social profile twice a day. celebrities help their fans understand more about them and develop a deep fan following. it is undoubtedly true that fame and richness do not come easily, specifically for those who were brought up in notoriety. celebrities are constantly troubled with the lack of privacy, and they are unable to attend casual events like ordinary people. it is expected that stars need to be highly responsible irrespective of their situation as they are favorably influencing personalities.
the latest tiktok trends allow users to perceive celebrities in an honest way beyond their fame and richness. still, the fans accept celebrities for whatever they are. there are chances where celebrities can exhibit their rude behavior in their trending videos. even celebrities like robert pattinson have expressed modest behavior on their social platforms and have inspired more fans. also, they are much convinced about watching their movies and similar social profiles.
also, other users creatively remixed popular songs and shared them on the tiktok platform. also, they conveyed valuable messages relating to the pandemic situation. jojo, the popular singer, posted a remix of her famous song and changed the lyrics in accordance with the pandemic situation. also, the renowned actress ashley tisdale posted a dance video that became trending on the platform. she also mentioned it as her best work out in the quarantine period.
ashley’s dance video gathered more than three million likes, and it initiated a reunion on the app with the cast members kaycee stroh, bart johnson, and vanessa sharing relevant content to the tune. the famous actress jessica alba is a consistent user of the tiktok application with more than two million followers. jessica posted various videos of herself during the quarantine period, including fitness workouts and entertaining videos with kids. 


february 8, 2021








latest instagram technique – reels for business marketing?  by shelly colesocial media the brand interested in instagram reel marketing has to review its marketing goal to use the application feature to promote relevant ads. with its objective to elevate the brand reach and media profile followers to enhance the audience engagement, the brand can use the instagram reels to increase the target followers. by setting the instagram branding goal, the brand can use advertising formats like image and video ads, story ads, explore ads, instagram shoppable ads, events marketing, and live marketing. 
while implementing these campaigns, the brand can utilize the instagram reels to create the brand promotion videos multifaceted to attract the audience who scrolls the instagram reel videos. when the brand reel video is composed of many exciting elements expected by the target audience, it will get more views. the audience will give a moment to the reel video going viral, holding massive likes and comments, so plan for the video content to impress the audience make them follow the brand. 
find audience interest
it is essential to analyze the brand target audience’s interest from the insights of the already posted campaign’s responses and make the instagram reel video magnificent to get a good impression. manipulating the reel video with the target audience’s interest will impress them and induce them to watch the video. the audience who has liked the business video will inquire about their needs on it. the brand can initiate communication with them and encourage them to follow the brand account to complete updates.
the brands are supposed to watch the competitors instagram reel videos and the responses gained on it to develop the video error-free to get more approaches from the target audience. the brands can design the video with the ideal concept to make the audience enjoy your reel videos, which do not belong to the product. experts suggest the brand buy instagram views for their videos to increase the followers.
content marketing
the brand must be aware of the instagram reel’s performance to build brand promotion videos to get the proposed results. the brand video must include superior brand contents that convince the audience to buy the product. make product-promoting videos like the product specification video, the production usage, the most frequently asked questions and answers video and customer comments video, etc., to explicitly express the brand value. the audience must get convinced with the apt content to pose the comments and inquiries on the video post. the right content marketing has to implement to increase the instagram reel likes for brand recognition.
as the instagram reels offer the tiktok video creation, the brands can benefit from it by creating expert videos with word-of-mouth marketing to influence the audience to follow the brand. the product demo videos can develop using the reels effects to make the video more reliable and adorable to watch. 
promote out of the platform
the brand which strives to increase the brand followers can share the video with the followers and make them watch. share the instagram brand reels video to the instagram story that appears 24 hours helps the brand followers view it. the account following members will inquire about the brand under their interest. the brand can forward the reel videos via direct message to the followers and motivate them to follow it. when the maximum followers follow the brand, it increases brand engagement by responding to the reel videos. 
make the maximum share on the reel videos to reach more audiences and increase the followers. the brand reel videos must be captioned with informative titles with the necessary brand hashtags to increase visibility. 
learn from insights
the brand can make several attempts to create an innovative brand video and post on the explore tab to see the response. the brand video must get massive likes, comments, and shares to reach the audience. the video must be optimized to get more likes, as the instagram impressions determine the value of the reel video to the new viewer who scrolls the video. brand engagement is possible when the business account holds many followers. the reels video can optimize with the watch worth content to increase the likes and views by filtering the content from previously posted reels’ insight.
the brand must consistently upgrade the reel video content to give the target audience a better experience. the brand video which impresses the audience will get maximum response.


december 25, 2020





posts pagination
1
2
3
next










			developed by think up themes ltd. powered by wordpress.			

















