




















bento.com japanese cuisine and restaurant guide

























cities
tokyo
yokohama
osaka, kobe
kyoto, kanazawa, nara
nagoya
fukuoka
features
japanese cuisines
food gallery
recipes
fish dictionary
bento.com top
site
about
search
rss feed 









toggle menu
japanese cuisines
gallery
cities


menu
j cuisines
gallery
cities
 









bento.com


"always fresh, never fishy"











share:








follow:










latest reviews





		dining diary - tokyo bhavan: tokyo kudanshita





first-rate south indian cuisine is served at this very popular neighborhood shop, with a nice variety of mutton and other curries, griddle-grilled tawa dishes, kebabs and nearly a dozen dosas.  deep-fried pani puri spheres, served here without yogurt, make an excellent amuse-bouche.  drinks include unusual items like beet lassi (sweeter than expected) and buttermilk (refreshingly tangy and....
	[continue reading]






		rutubo: kyoto gion





this lively dining bar specializes in smoked foods and smoky cocktails, and stocks a good selection of whiskies.   homemade smoked items like bacon, cheese, chicken wings and quail eggs are skillfully prepared in the bar's custom smoker, while zucchini fritters, fries and similar dishes are served with the bar's own smoked mayonnaise and smoked ketchup.
		one standout, though it's not....
	[continue reading]






		curry report - rajkumar curry: kobe motomachi





the exciting, innovative spice curries at rajkumar push the boundaries of the cuisine.  the chef isn't afraid to experiment with dishes inspired by european cooking, like the eye-opening mediterranean-style seafood tomato curry on the evening menu.  loaded with generous portions of plump shrimp, octopus and clams, it's flavored with white wine and a hefty dose of oregano and other italian....
	[continue reading]






		embankment coffee: osaka kitahama





offering a lovely view of the tosabori river and nakanoshima island, this is a very pleasant space to relax with a cup of coffee and perhaps a pastry.  the shop specializes in light-roast single-origin beans, and offers both hand-drip and espresso-based beverages.  you are encouraged to drink your coffee black, with no milk or sugar, to enjoy the unique characteristics of the beans to the....
	[continue reading]






		rosemary's: tokyo nishi-shinjuku





our favorite dish at rosemary's is the porchetta - slow-roasted, boneless slabs of premium pork infused with garlic, herbs and spices.  it's properly fatty to bring out the full flavor of the meat, and served with a colorful spread of roast vegetables.  add a couple of seafood appetizers, some fresh-baked foccacia, a bottle of italian red wine, and life is good....
	[continue reading]






		bancho: fukuoka hakata





momoyaki - kyushu-style charcoal-grilled chicken thigh meat - is the delicious specialty at bancho, and they do an excellent version of it using heirloom-breed kirishima chicken from miyazaki prefecture.
	the lunchtime momoyaki teishoku features a hefty 200g of chicken, served on an iron skillet and still sizzling loudly when it arrives at your table.  the chicken is surprisingly tender,....
	[continue reading]








more tokyo reviews




more kobe reviews




more fukuoka reviews




more osaka reviews




more kyoto reviews






city guides






tokyo







fukuoka







nagoya







yokohama







osaka, kobe







kyoto, nara




travel tools









tokyo maps











kyoto, osaka maps











tokyo subways











search tips












exploring japanese cuisine







japanese specialty cuisines


				all about ramen, tonkatsu, tempura and grilled chicken on sticks, with menu-reading guides
				









recipes


				making japanese dishes at home
				









food customs


				holiday meals, kitchen tools, sake snacks
				



 






the food gallery


				food-related travels around japan
				









culinary culture


				kitchen tools, sake snacks, holiday meals
				






articles and special features








sake drinking guide


		an introduction to different types of sake, plus a glossary of sake terms
		










fish and seafood dictionary 


		menu-reading help for izakaya and sushi shops
		



 






shin-yokohama ramen museum


		a combination museum, restaurant complex and mini-theme park, with eight ramen shops to try
		









antenna shops in tokyo


		sample regional delicacies and local sake without leaving the capital
		



 
 
 







takoyaki guide


		learn the secrets of osaka's favorite octopus snack
		











sake brewery fashion watch


		what are style-savvy brewers wearing at festivals and tastings around the country?
		




 







tsukiji outer market


		a bustling warren of tiny shops catering to both restaurants and consumers
		











daimaru, kyoto


		tour of one of kyoto's luxurious department-store food halls
		




 
 
 






hakutsuru sake brewery museum


		explore kobe's biggest sake museum, built in an old brewery building
		









ramen guide


		different styles of ramen explained, with a noodle-term glossary
		



 






kansai craft-beer bars


		find the best craft-beer bars in osaka, kobe and kyoto
		









vegetable-friendly dining in tokyo


		finding great pork is easy, but where do you go for great turnips?  here are some suggestions.
		





travel tools









tokyo maps











kyoto, osaka maps











tokyo subways











search tips















share:








follow:









sister sites:







craft beer bars japanbars, retailers and festivals









animal cafescat, rabbit and bird cafe guide









where in tokyofun things to do in the big city









tokyo picksneighborhood guides and top-five lists from tokyo experts









barking inusushi dictionary and japan android apps









 




© copyright lobster enterprises
privacy
“ú–{Œê

















