





usssp: cubmaster.org - home









    


advancement
ask andy
awards
baloo's bugle
camps
chaplains
clipart
cubmasters
e-mail lists
forums
jamborees
international
macscouter
merit badges
netcommissoner
scouts-l
scoutmasters
usscouts.org
usssp blog
venturing



























    custom search
  












	  usssp/usscouts.org home
  usssp/macscouter.com home
 
  cubmaster.org home

awards, badges & cub scout recognition
bridging ceremonies
cub ceremonies
cub desiderata
cub-l
fast start
finding a good troop
join scouting night
kipling award
leader hints & tips
links
pack organization
powwow midway
planning
pizzaz in training
roundtable survival kit
tiger welcome
webelos leader guide 1996
webelos science tips


     related usssp content

activity guide
advancement home
awards
baloo's bugle - virtual roundtable
ceremonies
games
jungle book
pack administration & finance
pack meetings
parent involvement
pinewood derby
pinewood derby - links
skits
songs
stories







 












 





become a sponsor
		  |  
		why ads







 




current issue of baloo's bugle
baloo's bugle that it is being reimagined and made more relevant for the current cub scout program.   
baloo's bugle will return for the 2018-2019 scouting year
 
 







 a great "thank you so much!" from the project team to christopher hopkins, chief information officer (director of communications), michigan crossroads council and his team for putting together this generic video introducing family scouting to families unaware or unknowledgeable about the program... 
 he removed the council-specific items from this version and provided it to us so we may add it to our video archive as well as to provide within our cub scouting area within usssp's massive amount of reference and resource material. 
thank you again very much for assisting scouters and families!! 
download video here  
 








pow wow book library 
this is a collection of pow wow books collected over the years. we welcome additions to the library. please send them to judy harper



 
rountable session helps

cub scout roundtable guide aol to boy scout transition 05 13 2017
cub scout roundtable guide blue & gold dinner 04 26 2017
cub scout roundtable guide bsa structure 04 30 2017
cub scout roundtable guide den & pack discipline 04 30 2017 
cub scout roundtable guide derbies 05 06 2017 
cub scout roundtable guide duty honor 05 06 2017
cub scout roundtable guide flag ceremonies 05 06 2017 
cub scout roundtable guide joining night 05 06 2017
cub scout roundtable guide leader appreciation 05 06 2017
cub scout roundtable guide leader recruitment 05 06 2017
cub scout roundtable guide planning safely 05 16 17
cub scout roundtable guide trip and activity planning 05 16 17 
cub scout roundtable guide unit commissioner 05 13 2017 

 



join the cub scout leaders scouting cubmasters den leaders facebook group! 

scouting wire
the official blog of the scouting movement  
https://scoutingwire.org/
 
 
special opportunities for cub scouts


cub scout outdoor activity award
emergency preparedness award
international spirit award
interpreter's strips
outdoor ethics awareness award
  outdoor ethics action award
william t. hornaday awards
lifesaving and meritorious awards
recruiter strip
religious emblems
whittling chip card
world conservation award
nova and supernova awards
cyber chip




 




 

cub scout leader fast start training
  need a quick briefing on what your cub scouting job is all about? you can vist an online version of fast start training for a quick overview of the cub scouting program and information about your cub scout leader job.  more fast start training resources: 



cub scout leader resources
from cub scout purposes to forms and applications, you just might find what you are looking for on this page.
 

cub scout leader's pow-wow midway
  we offer resource pages on dozens of topics at usssp. think of this web area as your online pow-wow midway. 



pow-wows across the country  
  find a pow-wow near your area. 
 
cub scout advancement
learn about cub scout advancemen
 
links to other cub scouting sites
  couldn't find what you wanted here? you can visit and see what other sites have to offer with our links to other great cub scouting sites. 


 
webelos advancement 
usssp news blog
find out when the latest issues of baloo's bugle and ask andy have been published, see what's new on the site, and get the latest news from the u.s. scouting service project. visit http://usssp.blogspot.com
visit our facebook group and join the discussion! 
https://www.facebook.com/groups/217980141910167/ 











animations for 
     your cub website




















© 1994-2024 -
		
		u.s. scouting service project |
		site map |
		
		disclaimer |
		
		project team |
		

		contact us |
		
		privacy policy







materials found at u. s. scouting service 
		project, inc. websites may be reproduced and used locally by 
		scouting volunteers for training purposes consistent with the programs 
		of the boy scouts of america (bsa), the world organization of the scout movement (wosm) or 
		other scouting and guiding organizations. no material found here may be 
		used or reproduced for electronic redistribution or for commercial or other 
		non-scouting purposes without the express permission of the u. s. scouting 
		service project, inc. (usssp) or other copyright holders. usssp is not affiliated 
		with bsa or wosm and does not speak on behalf of bsa or wosm. opinions expressed 
		on these web pages are those of the web authors. you can support this website 
		with in two ways:
		
		visit our trading post at www.scoutingbooks.com or make a donation by 
		clicking the button below.










		(u.s. scouting service project donation) 











		(ruth lyons memorial donations)










