







 best hotel in south lake tahoe | lake tahoe accommodation | pet-friendly hotel in tahoe | gay friendly lodging in tahoe












































































































cart
















0
















              hotel
            

            offers
          

              rooms
            

experience


groups


        shop
      



        view cart
      

        book now
      

        530.542.1101
      





back


              e16 winery tasting
            

            eat & drink
          

            slt activities
          

            lakeside beach
          



back


            event inquiry
          

            bachelorette
          

            traveling sports teams 
          

            weddings
          












































































cart
















0











hoteloffersrooms
experience

e16 winery tasting
eat & drink
slt activities
lakeside beach


groups

event inquiry
bachelorette
traveling sports teams 
weddings

shop











view cartbook now530.542.1101









scroll






 

the best boutique hotel experience in south lake tahoe


























 








what’s the weather like?























stay more and save morewe are rewarding you for lingering around longer. stay three or more consecutive nights and receive up to 20% off your entire reservation.that’s more time in the sun, more bang for your buck.

 


    learn more
  


















































































































































bespoke journeys, tailored for you. 

 









   

introducing invited by oliver, our new loyalty program for our entire collection of boutique hotels. join us today to start earning points towards your next adventure. 




    learn more
  

 
















ski rental discounts
epic mountain rentals and delivery for 20% off



  

you are hereeverything you'll need for your lake tahoe vacation is within walking distance, right outside our doors including the beautiful alpine lake, private beach, ski resorts, restaurants, shops and casinos. whether you're here to relax or work, the station house inn is your basecamp to explore and unwind. 




    learn more
  

 










station house inn

901 park ave.

south lake tahoe

ca 96150

tel:   530-542-1101
directionsbook now


   











   













you really want to click this!

 





















































































 

 

the station house inn has been hosting travelers, vacationers and adventurers since 1972. the property features 96 rooms, ranging from comfortable doubles to spacious suites, along with convenient parking and resort amenities. everything is newly renovated with modern conveniences, and beautifully planned for comfort.

 


    see rooms
  

 









 






staff picks

 

south lake tahoe is a vacation paradise with its sparkling alpine lake, majestic mountains, and dense forests. the station house inn is an ideal base for your summer getaways or ski vacations. we are a short walk from to the heavenly gondola, one block away from the lake, or five from nightlife.

 




around town

























the heavenly gondola - 0.5 mi.






a 2.4 mile ride up in the heavenly mountain gondola will leave you breathless as you take in panoramic views of lake tahoe.


























lake tahoe - 0.3 mi.






take a dip or a gander at the crystal clear water. that is the main attraction.


























a-class mountains - 2.6 mi.






seasonal skiing, year-round hiking, and beautiful views of the largest alpine lake in north america and the surrounding peaks.


























van sickle trail - 2.9 mi.






a short climb from the trailhead quickly transports visitors to the serenity of the forest and national geographic adventure magazine’s top ten trails in the nation.











  























































 








station house inn header



weather for south lake tahoe



current specials



welcome banner



invited by oliver



pet friendly hotel in tahoe | gay friendly south lake tahoe



rooms



lake tahoe staff picks



gallery - station house inn








 











901 park avenuesouth lake tahoeca.  96150tel.   530-542-1101stay@stationhouseinn.com



























“we look forward to your arrival — no matter how you arrive!”

 















subscribe
sign up for exclusive news and offers.




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you for subscribing! you did a good thing.






 

by oliver













knoxville, tn — 2,372 mi.











atlanta, ga — 2,409 mi.











nashville, tn — 2,194 mi.











oxford, ms — 2,109 mi.











marshall, ca — 231 mi.



901 park avenue
south lake tahoe, ca, 96150,
united states
(530) 542-1101
stay@staionhouseinn.com


hours
mon all day
tue all day
wed all day
thu all day
fri all day
sat all day
sun all day




facebook instagram trip advisor press careers privacy & cookie policy hotel policy accessibility faq





© station house inn
















