











rogue jet boatworks






























trade shows

close
see the list of our trade shows. we would love to see you at a trade show near you!

see all trade shows



skip to content







governmentdivisionclick here
 (541) 944-2155





home
reviews
the company

company history
becoming a rogue jet customer


construction
the boats

whitewater fastwater series
coastal series
chinook xl mid-engine cc
chinook xl-xxl series
stealth series
yukon 185 series
landing craft series
consignment boats


guardian trailers
gallery
contact
 







 














please leave this field empty.












aluminum jet boats – factory direct pricing!
leading the industry with over 40 standard features!








our aluminum jet boat models





fastwater series
recreation/ fishing/ rivers, lakes, bays, oceans, estuaries






from extreme white-water river applications, lakes, bays, estuaries and oceans, the white and fastwater’s are simply the best all-around use boat built on the market today.

read more 






coastal series
sporting/ fishing/lakes, bays, oceans, estuaries






from bad weather ocean conditions to bays, estuaries and lakes, the coastal design provides the stability and comfort today’s offshore enthusiasts have demanded.

read more 






chinook series
sporting/ fishing/ rivers, lakes, bays, estuaries






the chinook series developed for maximum floor board space and agility in all water types is a favorite in the guide community and the outdoorsman serious about bringing home the payload.

read more 







stealth series
sporting/ fishing/ rivers, lakes, bays, estuaries






for the river runner intent on running the waters less traveled, the stealth was engineered and developed at every level to push your adventures forward and get into places nobody else can.

read more 






yukon series
sporting/ fishing/ lakes, bays, oceans, estuaries






the yukon is the industry’s only classified boat under 20’ that boasts an amazing beam width of 102” providing unmatched available floor board area and stability.

read more 






landing craft series
sporting/ fishing/ rivers, lakes, bays, oceans, estuaries






providing the utility and tools to get the job done, the landing craft by rogue jet was specifically developed to accommodate logistics needs. lodge owners, sportsman, and government agencies have all embraced the dynamic design and functionality of the landing craft.

read more 










aluminum jet boat advantages





easily worked
aluminum and its properties are well suited for boat fabrication. flexible, intensely strong, and light weight, aluminum allows us to transform it into durable and functional applications for watercraft. unique fabrication applications can transform aluminum extrusion and sheets aluminum into the best all welded boats on the market today!



light weight and durable
the light weight nature and durability of aluminum has made it the top choice for recreational and sporting boats throughout the entire us. 20% lighter than fiberglass boats and much more durable, aluminum boats have fast become the top choice. see our construction page to learn more about how aluminum is the perfect platform for your new boat!



durability
due to aluminum’s special properties it will never corrode or decay like fiberglass. rogue jet boatworks employs the use of 5086 aluminum alloy, 40% stronger than standard aluminum used. this alloy is corrosion resistant, a perfect application for saltwater use. you can’t get a more durable, sustainable product on the market today!



cost effective
unlike boats that utilize fiberglass as the hull foundation, the use of aluminum immediately increases the resale value of your boat. aluminum consistently retains over 85% of its value over time. owners of aluminum water craft take advantage of great resale benefits as a result.









light weight, durable and functional, aluminum boats simply provide people more use applications when using their boats. incredibly durable, our aluminum boats get you into places others can’t go. most customers find themselves being able to feel secure in their adventures due to the strength and resilience aluminum provides.shallow water, heavy seas, and rocky shores are made for aluminum boat use. you’ll find yourself easily powering up onto shore lines, navigating debris fields, and pushing forward in rough water with confidence and ease.our aluminum boats are built for a lifetime of memory making experiences. every rogue jet boat built has our “100% life time hull warrantee”. the confidence, stability, and performance of our boats has allowed us to back up our products in this way.we’ll see you on the “water less traveled”






customer testimonials


i felt compelled to ensure people inquiring about a rogue jet boatworks boat, truly know how well built and designed these boats are. i started out as a…taylor grimes | rogue jet boat adventuresread morei have owned my rogue jet boatworks chinook 22 xxl for one year to the day. in that time, i’ve thoroughly tested it in a wide variety of water…george krumm | fish alaskaread morefor decades i have relied on the versatility and quality build products that rogue jet boatwork’s provide. having been someone that uses their boat in…arron hyer | meridian, caread morewhen it came time to build a boat that represented our company, its product line, and our philosophy, we chose coastal by rogue jet boatworks. it’s no…g. pucci & sons, incread more
read all reviews












copyright © 2025 all rights reserved.designed by busy bee media




about us
manufacturer of all welded aluminum boats. inboard jet boats, outboard aluminum boats, custom aluminum trailers, commercial law enforcement boats, search and rescue boats, water resource boats, national park service boats, and fire and rescue boats. rogue jet boatworks manufactures all welded aluminum boats for the “water less traveled”


other links
contact us
 



contact us
rogue jet boatworks
2845 merry ln, white city, or 97503
phone: (541) 944-2155




















