










los angeles & seattle meisner acting school - the sanford meisner center




































































the sanford meisner center
the original and final home of the meisner technique in los angeles



menu
skip to content
home
history
training
faculty

martin barter
ranjiv perera


video
contact
 

search for:



 










our legacy...
home














history… tradition… legacy…         we believe that the purpose of an acting school is to get you working professionally. and that begins with professional level training. training that has worked for over 70 years and continues to work today, for a new generation of actors. overseen by martin barter, a master teacher, you will be taught one of the strongest acting foundations available today. our commitment to sandy’s legacy is to maintain the technique as he left it behind. we come from a rich history and deep tradition, as noted by the new york times, backstage, and variety. 











click for student testimonials
 



       jule johnson "i walk away proud, thankful, and immensely confident with the person i’ve become"        jada merritt "...know what it is that you need and fucking go get it!!!        zachary gordon "...it has been an emotionally exhausting journey, but beyond rewarding."        star don "look another person dead in the eye and just feel. it’s the simplest yet hardest thing to do."        alessandro marino "this class cuts the bull*** and tells you the truth..."        tanner risner "you have no idea what this class can do for you."        andrew carter "it was by far the most challenging educational and artistic experience of my life."        clayton bury "i learned to quiet my overactive mind, and to simplify my process by following my heart."        alexandra dunmore "i am astounded that i thought i knew how to act before this class."        yisreal dubov "...not only did i walk away with an incredible training in acting; i walked away with a family, and memories that will last a lifetime"        channing mckindra "this is the work that i imagined doing when i first decided to become an actor years ago..."        stacey danger "the amount of growth i’ve had in nine months far surpasses that of all other studios i’ve trained at combined."        danielle vega "i felt i needed a class of meisner caliber to have in my repertoire to take me to the next level of my career."        brandon quinn "i have worked so much more since studying at the meisner center..."        michael roshangah "i found that i am stronger than i gave myself credit for."        juliene winborne " i had taken numerous acting classes, but none of them fully embodied what i was looking for."        matthan harris "this is without a doubt the best acting class i’ve ever taken."        nerlyn jean "a true challenge and commitment, it was the best decision i made for my career thus far."        shalonda shaw "...i know what i'm capable of as an actor, and that is a wonderful feeling."        vanessa parker "...this class shows you that you can go straight to the heart and the emotion"        menen basha "i’m not quite sure where to begin because so much of this experience is too big to summarize..."        damith warnasuriya "...this is not a class that you sign up for but more like a life course that challenges you..."        jacob dimenstein "...my advice to you would be to be open to the possibilities."        christina ramirez "...there is nothing like seeing yourself grow into the person you always were meant to be..."        cameren foley "this class is definitely not the easy route..."        bryan shilowich "you learn to stop “trying” to “act” and instead learn how to feel your deepest emotions..."        sierra smith "..i learned that acting is not about acting."        deshaude barner "the 2 years spent learning from martin and ranjiv are something i will never forget... "        albert emery "i am a better communicator as a result of speaking from my heart."        tanya bettencourt "i used to think showing vulnerability was a weakness. not anymore."        alex montalban "however seemingly simplistic sandy's method may appear, this school is not for the faint of heart..."        michael campion "...other acting classes don’t teach the right skills in the right order, nor do they have the patience to train them fully."        amir hasan "it did not take long for me to realize that my brain was the biggest obstacle holding me back..."        torrey drake "...my ability to utterly connect and live in the moment is second nature to me."        mikhail suvorov "the meisner technique, unlike anything i've done before, is something you can't pull through just sliding on the surface."        nina umpierrez "completing this program has left me feeling ready and excited to go out and get what i need!"        heidi shon "the meisner center gave me a process to work with that i was desperately seeking."        johannes aspegren "the meisner technique allowed me to really see my progress."        jonathan freudman "this is not a mickey mouse class, this is serious acting, this is meisner.”        deron horton ..."the emotional capacity of which i am able to reach now i cannot see myself gaining somewhere else"          















online self tape workshop 











new 2nd year traditional program - los angeles 



out next 2nd year traditional program will begin in april of 2025. students who’ve trained in traditional 1st year meisner training can be considered for our program. class cost is $315 per month.
email or call to schedule an interview. 



myths of online acting trainingread what we learned about teaching online.  











free in-person introductory session los angeles - friday february 21st at 7pm 



join us for this hands-on session that details what the meisner technique is. you’ll experience the same exercises taught to every beginning student and leave with a deeper understanding of the technique, as well as acting.email to reserve your spot. 



how to pick a meisner teacherinterviewing with different schools is the best way to find the right teacher for you. here are questions you should be asking them.  




 







































































how to choose your meisner teacher. 



you should interview with different schools and teachers to find the best fit for your training. here are a number of questions you can ask during the interview process. read more 











acting certificate program
 



these classes meet twice a week, for 9 months. this is the full meisner technique as it’s been taught for over 25 years by martin barter. read more 


































 email us
phone: (800) 988-9051
seattle/los angeles
© 2018 the sanford meisner center

 
































