




sustainable commodities & decarbonization solutions | targray

















































products & solutions

renewable fuels

renewable diesel
renewable feedstock
marine biofuel
biodiesel
biogas
saf
green hydrogen


carbon credits
sustainable cotton
battery materials
solar materials


about us

our company

about us
leadership
community initiatives


office locations

canada | headquarters
india
switzerland
netherlands
united arab emirates


industry recognition
partner organizations


sustainability
newsroom
careers
contact us
english

français – french
中文- chinese
português – portuguese
español – spanish
polski – polish


 


select page


 
















decarbonization solutions for a world in transition
about our company








innovative carbon credit products and solutions
explore our programs








accelerating the adoption of renewable fuels
learn more








unveiling our new corporate headquarters
take the tour










creating value at the source

targray is a global leader in the sourcing, transportation, storage, trading and distribution of commodities and advanced materials for sustainable industries.
since 1987, we’ve worked with partners in over fifty countries to create value across the supply chain. our sustainable commodities and supply solutions help reduce the world’s carbon footprint while enabling our customers to develop safer, more reliable products for consumers.




environmental commodities
our environmental commodities team has leading expertise in carbon trading, with innovative solutions for buyers of carbon credits, carbon offsets and renewable energy certificates (recs). we trade a broad range of emissions related products & services – including spot trading, forwards, futures, transaction structuring and hedging strategies. we also provide tailored carbon reduction solutions for companies of all sizes. 

renewable fuels and feedstock
supported by a large rail fleet and terminal network, targray is a leading supplier of renewable diesel, biodiesel, marine biofuels, biogas and feedstock in the united states, europe, and canada. our biofuel programs help fuel retailers, distributors, refineries and fleet operators grow their profitability while creating a more sustainable economy for future generations.

sustainable cotton
targray connects producers and consumers of cotton in markets around the globe, and is a major buyer of wholesale cotton produced in benin, mali, burkina faso, the ivory coast, brazil, argentina, australia and india.
our experienced team of cotton suppliers & traders works with partners in these countries to help increase their competitiveness in domestic and international markets.

battery materials
targray group’s international footprint enables us to source the globe for best-in-class battery materials. as a leading battery material supplier and distributor, we bring to market innovative technology solutions for commercial li-ion cell manufacturing and r&d. our advanced materials portfolio includes battery electrodes, anode materials, cathode materials, electrolyte solutions, packaging materials and lithium-ion cells.

solar and energy storage
for over a decade, targray solar and energy storage supply chain solutions have been a trusted source for the pv manufacturers, solar suppliers, energy storage distributors,  epcs, contractors and installers in markets around the world. the solar division is focused on helping customers strengthen their supply chains while making their solar and energy storage products available to a wider audience.








featured solutions







renewable feedstock
iscc-certified feedstock from various sources for renewable fuel producers in north america and europe.





carbon trading solutions
we work with partners to implement effective carbon trading strategies, ensuring dollars invested will have the greatest possible climate impact.





solar modules
monocrystalline, multicrystalline, bifacial, and mono perc solar modules for solar suppliers, project developers, epcs, installers and contractors.







renewable diesel
our renewable diesel supply business brings hydrotreated vegetable oil (hvo) fuel to underserved markets across north america and europe.





li-ion battery materials
a broad range of high-performance materials to help battery scientists and engineers overcome unique production challenges.





marine biofuel
integrated marine biofuel fuel supply solutions for bunker fuel buyers and shipping companies and in north america and europe.







photovoltaic materials
supply solutions for raw polysilicon, silicon wafers, solar cells, solar modules and photovoltaic manufacturing materials.





i-recs
our expertise around international renewable energy certificates (i-recs) trading allows us to facilitate energy claims for our clients in renewable electricity markets around the world. 





sustainable cotton
connecting sustainable cotton suppliers and end users through integrated sourcing, supply and distribution.







fueling sustainability

from pv cells and battery casings, to renewable fuels and carbon neutralizing additives, our materials play an important role in reducing global carbon emissions while helping technology providers create better products that enhance the consumer experience.
we strive to be responsible stewards for the products we distribute in markets worldwide. our focus is on adapting, innovating and doing our part in the global shift towards renewable energy.

sustainability at targray








news & announcements








targray joins forces with the canadian biogas association

we are excited to announce that targray has joined the canadian biogas association (cba), a leading organization dedicated to advancing the biogas and renewable natural gas (rng) industry across...
read more



targray environmental commodities joins international emissions trading association

we are pleased to announce targray has been accepted as a member of the international emissions trading association (ieta), the leading trade association for international carbon markets. membership...
read more



targray partners with company zero44 on eua trading program

rotterdam, netherlands – targray has announced a partnership with emissions management company zero44 on a new trading program designed to enable users to seamlessly acquire euas. by linking all...
read more


 







erik rietkerk appointed to targray executive leadership team

geneva, switzerland – targray has announced today the addition of erik rietkerk to its executive leadership team, where he will act as the global head of agricommodities and co-head of biofuels &...
read more



targray’s new hq: a beacon of sustainability, growth, and collaboration

montreal, canada – targray, a global leader in the supply of environmental commodities, low-carbon fuels, and renewable energy solutions, has announced today the completion of its new world...
read more



targray expands european presence with rotterdam trading desk

rotterdam, netherlands – targray, a global leader in the supply of environmental commodities, renewable fuels, and other renewable energy solutions, has announced today the opening of its newest...
read more













powering the energy transition

since 1987, our company has continuously transformed itself in the pursuit of new markets and opportunities. our core focus on rapidly growing industries has led us to establish a leading presence in a range of new energy segments, from photovoltaics and energy storage, to low-carbon transportation fuels.
today, through diverse but focused businesses, targray group is committed to delivering innovative products and solutions to markets worldwide. our global team of professionals has the knowledge to assist customers in the planning, design, and execution of their projects.

work with us



 









  discover products

marine biofuels
carbon offsets
used cooking oil
battery recycling solutions
sustainable cotton




  more about targray

business divisions
industry recognition
latest announcements
media articles




 browse solutions

job openings
trade associations
u.s. biofuel terminals






followfollowfollowfollowfollow






terms and conditions
privacy policy
business partner code of conduct
human rights policy statement
anti-corruption policy
anti-money laundering policy
bill s-211
accessibility
contact targray




 






























