










richland township - bucks county, pennsylvania

































1328 california rd, suite a, quakertown, pa 18951 |  215-536-4066

















search












departments
general info
i want to

download a form
make a payment
sign up for alerts
view bos minutes
view calendar
view live stream meetings
view current agendas
view code of ordinances
contact richland township















































quick links



bos :  view the board of supervisors meeting minutes
payments :  make a payment
forms :  browse our forms & documents section
departments :  visit our township departments
calendar :  view our meetings and events














richland township news






important notices:



office closed monday, february 17th
  the richland township municipal building will be closed on monday, february 17th in observance of presidents' day. we will be back to regular hours on tuesday, february 18th.
  
planning commission meeting cancelled
the richland township planning commission meeting scheduled for tuesday, february 18, 2025, at 7:00 pm has been cancelled. the applicant (development services, llc conditional use application review) has requested a time extension to hold the public meetings before the richland township planning commission and the richland township board of supervisors. therefore, the conditional use hearing before the board of supervisors will not be heard on march 10, 2025. property owners within 500 feet of the property will be notified by letter in advance of the scheduled planning commission and board of supervisors meetings for the conditional use application when new meeting dates have been determined.
  
senator coleman's pop-up for constituent services
  senator coleman will have a pop-up office in milford on tuesday, february 25, 2025 from 10am-1pm for constituent services. this will include property tax/rent rebate assistance, legislative questions, penndot paperwork and septa card application. follow the link for details and to register for the event.
event registration





perkiomen mapping & flood mitigation study



flooding in our communities can be devastating. the perkiomen mapping & flood mitigation study is the first phase of a long-term effort to help communities make more informed decisions regarding how and where to best implement stormwater management systems and projects.

meetings are open to the public.  cleck here for more information.






do i need a permit?



permits are required for:
change of use of occupancy
construction of a new building
structural alterations or repairs
adding new structures, additions or dwelling units, with or without foundations
sheds, fences, swimming pools, concrete patios, paver patios, parking lots and driveways
demolition, razing of a building
earth disturbance over 1,000 sq. ft.
plumbing fixtures, installed or replaced
moving or relocating a building
temporary structures
well drilling
signage
floodplain

please visit our permits section for more information.




comprehensive recreation, parks, and open space plan


  
the bucks county department of parks and recreation is undertaking a comprehensive recreation, parks, and open space plan (crpos) and is looking for input from people who live near and visit the bucks county parks system. it is important to understand how the park system is used, what works well, and what could be improved to make it easier for people to access the parks, recreational facilities, historic sites, and nature centers that comprise the 9,000+ acre county park system. the results of the survey will help with ensuring that all parks meet the standards residents and users need and expect.

residents can get involved by using their phone, tablet, or computer to visit https://metroquestsurvey.com/5fa1 and complete the survey. please help us by distributing this survey link and promoting the survey.

the county will provide regular updates on its project website (www.buckscounty.gov/parkplan) about the project, timeline, and opportunities for the public to get involved.






robert o. keller park renovation



robert o. keller park playground renovation is complete! you can visit our progress pictures below on our facebook page.







live stream meetings



if you are unable to attend a meeting in person, richland township offers live stream meetings for the board of supervisors, planning commission, and zoning hearing board.  these meeting videos are archived as well for easy access.

please visit our live stream public meetings page.














current agendas



select any board/commission below to view current agenda.  a new window will open with your selection.

any special meetings, hearings, changes or cancellations, will be advertised in a local newspaper, posted on this website and posted at the municipal building.


 board of supervisors
 planning commission
 zoning hearing board
 visit our boarddocs page for additional minutes.





upcoming events / meetings









welcome to richland township


richland township, a township of the second class, was originally incorporated in 1734 and lies in the northeast portion of bucks county.  richland's early growth occurred in what was then known as the village of quakertown.  in 1854 the lines changed which created the borough of quakertown, with richland township encircling the borough on all four sides.

richland township is home to approximately 14,000 residents.  the township covers an area of 21.05 square miles and approximately 13,700 acres through which there are 77.75 miles of township and penndot owned roads.

richland township offers a perfect blend of suburban living with easy access to major cities.  the township is situated approximately 15 miles south of allentown and bethlehem; 40 miles north of philadelphia; and 95 miles south of new york city.  

please feel free to browse our website.  if you have any questions please contact the office at 215-536-4066.  we will be happy to assist you.










 home | departments | general info | calendar | news | contact | disclaimer

 1328 california rd, suite a, quakertown, pa 18951 |  215-536-4066 | 















© 2023 richland township 




site design | na studios



















 








 


