






home | iucn ssc otter specialist group







































































skip to content


 





    menu	
about  

mission statement
who we are
where we are
our funders
partner networks


bulletin
resources  

education
otter species
where we are
useful publications
osg ex-situ network
wildlife trade reports
otter mortality web  

mission
causes
mitigation
bibliography
post mortem
by country  

italy
sweden
uk




osg conferences  

2019 14th ioc (china)
eurasian otter workshop 2021  

eow 2021 posters


2020 world otter day competition!
2022 15th ioc (france)
16th ioc – peru 2025




members  

core members
how to join
the otter circle
otter youth circle
privacy policy


latest news  

overview
our 50 year anniversary  

overview
photo contest
african world otter day competition
otter exhibition




donate
contact us













home





















































 








































 iucn ssc otter specialist group
leading global otter conservation since 1974
the otter specialist group (osg) is part of the species survival commission (ssc) of the international union for conservation of nature (iucn).
the aims of the osg, as set out by the iucn, are to:

1. provide leadership for the conservation of all otter species (lutrinae). 2. determine and review on a continuing basis the status and needs of otters, and promote the implementation of necessary research, conservation and management programmes by appropriate individuals, organisations and governments.3. make known the status and conservation needs of otters, promoting the wise management of otter species.







an interactive map of osg projects around the globe!
have you ever wondered where we are and what we’re doing there? wonder no more!
find us!


traffic reports 
the wildlife trade is killing otters, not only in asia but worldwide
download here


otter educational material
during the years, we have created a lot of material – in different languages and for all ages – that can be used in many different contexts. 
discover it here!






african projects
we have started collaborations with various organizations to help promote awareness and research in this amazing continent, that hosts 4 species of otter in need of monitoring and conservation.
read more! 



osg bulletin
the iucn ssc osg bulletin is a highly regarded refereed scientific journal that lists some of the most important otter publications since 1986.  
submit a paper
read the bulletin



latest news
here, you can read the latest relevant global news and documents regarding otters and their conservation. oh! it’s our 50 year anniversary in 2024 and we’re organising events. make sure you check them out!
read more!






all about otters
otters are opportunistic carnivorous mammals in the subfamily lutrinae. there are 13 species of otters.
read more



important documents
documents that are essential to understand the current and past situation of otter species worldwide
read more



we love otters!
our book has exceptional photos of all 13 species and testimonials that will inspire and motivate  people to love and help save these fascinating animals.
download here






otter species are at risk worldwide
13 otter species live across the world. illegal otter trade, environmental pollution and global warming are putting them at risk. more






12
species are decreasing 





7
species are vulnerable





5
species are endangered


























facebook



instagram



linkedin



telegram




























proudly powered by wordpress

























































































































































































