






newark country club | newark, de
















































































300 west main street newark, de 19711
member login
  
 
 










home
golf
weddings
events
memberships
about the club
contact
 


select page


  
 



 



 













family tradition has been a hallmark of newark country club
members enjoy golf with no tee times, groups and tournament golf, dining, swimming and special events year-round making ncc northern delaware’s premier destination.

 



 



 


 
 
 
 






18 hole championship golf course





easily walkable, sub-4-hour rounds are the norm on our championship 18-hole layout. 




 

 
 




fine dining





ncc offers choices for dining from fine dining to the bistro menu in the aneda lounge. sample the creations if the chef in addition to our weekly specials. 




 

 
 




swimming pool





relax in the summer sun at the swimming pool tucked in a section of the club that offers privacy with a view overlooking the 9th and 18th greens. enjoy food and refreshments from the clubhouse. private showers and changing rooms for your convenience. 




 

 
 
 





ball room





the ball room plays host to a variety of events each year from business meetings, wedding receptions, graduation parties and proms to christmas parties and other special events. 




 

 
 




pro shop





visit our pro shop for the latest in golf clubs and accessories, apparel and supplies. 




 

 
 




golf instruction





from jr. golf to seasoned golfers looking to fine tune their games, our pga professionals have the skills to guide you to better scores and to help you get the most enjoyment from your game. 




 

 
 
 
 




membership at newark country club
one of the great benefits of being a single or family golf member is you are also a full social member with access to all club amenities. if you’re not a golfer, that’s not a problem. we also offer various social memberships that give you access to all the benefits of newark country club, minus the golf course. everyone is welcome! join ncc and be part of a community where everyone knows your name in a relaxed and down-to-earth atmosphere.

 
learn more

 



name*organizationemail*

phone*type of event*weddinggolf outingshowermemorial serviceholiday partymeetingotherevent date


number of guestsbest method of contactphoneemailhow did you hear about us?google searchonline adsocial mediaword of mouthwebsiteothermessage*captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

 











 
 
 
 


 
 





300 west main street newark, de 19711 | ph: (302) 731 4251 | fax: (302) 738 2212

 
 
 



golf

 
 


 weddings

 
 


membership

 
 


contact

 
 
 
  
  
 
 





© 2022 newark country club | all rights reserved.  

 
 
 


















