










home - st. charles area chamber of commerce


























































 
 












  





skip to content














 
become a membermember login











facebook





instagram





linkedin






































menu 
about us about our chamber quarterly newsletter annual membership directory groups & committeesevents chamber events community eventsmember services become a member advertising opportunities host an event 3rd party partners member to member dealscommunity resources hot deals press releases job postingsup close & member-able podcast videocontact contact us contact form


























 


















 





welcome to the st. charles area chamber of commerce

















since 1922, the st. charles area chamber of commerce has been the primary business resource for the st. charles area, including the city of st. charles, st. charles township, campton hills, wasco, and surrounding communities within school district 303. as a not-for-profit organization, we provide nearly 700 business members and over 2,500 individual representatives with resources, tools, programs, and events to build relationships, increase brand exposure, enhance skills, and engage with the community.

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				




































day





 




hour





 




minute





 




second





 












































upcoming events




































featured event













































community video tour
learn why the st. charles area is successful with a thriving community.




















learn more


















 
group and committees 
there are a variety of opportunities to participate in a group and/or committee with the st. charles area chamber of commerce.
learn more 














 
up close & member-able 
st. charles area chamber of commerce gets up close & personal with its members. check out the latest episode!
learn more 














 
tools & services 
we strive to meet the needs of our members through a variety of advertising, marketing, partnership, and sponsorship opportunities.
learn more 



















become a member
 
we believe active membership and engagement lead to personal and professional growth and expanded business opportunities. through our ever-growing calendar of programs and events, we strive to elevate and expand our services to best serve our business community.

700 business members
2,500 individual member representatives
potential for referrals are endless

 







join today


















annual champion & diamond sponsors




















                                ivy academy                            












                                solutions networking                            












                                city of st. charles                            












                                advocate sherman hospital                            





next
previous









 












© 2025 st. charles area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












heritage. community. service. opportunity.





























st. charles area chamber of commerce









map icon




1601 e. main street, suite d, st. charles, illinois 60174 










phone




(630) 584-8384 










email




info@stcareachamber.com 










facebook





instagram





linkedin




























 © 2025 st. charles area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top



















