



curvemeister – curves: dynamite color control





































































 





















skip to main content














close search
 








 


login
search

 
menu    




products and classes
community

newsletter sign-up
recent activity
the curvemeister challenge
blog
forum
tutorials
classic tutorials
gallery
bookshelf


create your login
support

contact us
create a support ticket


logintwitter facebook pinterest youtube  

search   menu      















									the curvemeister pluginphotoshop and elementson windows								
try our software for free!











									join our enthusiastic community								
go to the forum!











									curves with two shots of espresso!								
features: check em out











									curves are fun, fast, and easy								
see how curvemeister makes them that way.











									want to dig deeper?find out why our classes are so unique								
check em out











									compare your work with others								
go to the curvemeister challenge









  










photoshop curves, the way they should be
using curvemeister , you will experience curves as never before, by leveraging the power of layers and masks. create a mask in one color channel and apply it to the image without having to change the image mode or creating a masking layer.  curvemeister allows you to see and adjust your image in multiple color spaces simultaneously, and perform a host of other image corrections quickly and easily.  confident adjustment of skin tones, and other well-known colors is easily accomplished in curvemeister by using curvemeisters unique hue clock.







  
tutorials and videos











curves are easy


play video 








correct color


play video 








keeping abe honest


play video 
















recent tutorials / view all tutorials











watch videomore details




curvemeister makes curves easy
												june 9, 2014						

 love5 








watch videomore details




cm session bb11
												november 9, 2013						

 love4 








watch videomore details




underwater blues
												november 9, 2013						

 love3 








watch videomore details




background trouble
												november 9, 2013						

 love2 








watch videomore details




curvemeister discussion group
												november 9, 2013						

 love2 








watch videomore details




hair of the dog: refining masks in curvemeister
												november 9, 2013						

 love2 





recent posts / view all posts 



do you tag your images?  you probably should !
greg groess | uncategorized | 
						no comments

do you tag your photos?  have you ever been faced with a very large collection of prints from up to 100 years ago and no way of identifying the faces…



wasted time?
greg groess | blog, inspiration | 
						no comments

how much time do you take working on an image?  three minutes? five? ten?  more than that?  i know it seems like a simple question but how many people out…



the current state of photography…
greg groess | uncategorized | 
						no comments

i was asked recently what i thought of the current state of photography.  i responded with a question of my own…in what terms?  “oh you know…imaging and all the do…



a new adventure in printing part 1 – new beginnings in home printing.
greg groess | uncategorized | 
						no comments

an interesting thing has happened to me this week and i think it is the start of a new adventure. on thursday evening i received a phone call from an…








© 2025 curvemeister. all rights reserved. v1.0



twitterfacebookpinterestyoutubegoogle-plus 








close menu
 



twitter facebook pinterest youtube 

 
 
 

 

































































