









first state bank shallowater
















































online banking help
 












home
about

fraud center
statement of condition


account services

checking accounts
savings account
retirement accounts
overdraft
loans
visa check card
online banking
telephone banking
wire transfers
fdic information


tools

applications
draw request form


contact
online banking
 


select page


  
 
 













business accounts
features








personal accounts
learn more








farm and ranch
learn more








online banking help
click here










inclement weather notice
dear valued member,
we hope this email finds you well. we are reaching out to inform you about the potential impact of upcoming winter weather on our branch operations.
 the national weather service has forecasted snow and ice for north texas this thursday and friday. as always, the safety of our members and staff is our top priority.
possible branch delays
due to these weather conditions, first state bank in dallas and plano may need to delay the opening of our branches on thursday and friday. we are closely monitoring the situation and will make decisions based on the most up-to-date information available. 
stay informed
we encourage you to:

use our online and mobile banking services for your immediate banking needs.
call our customer service line if you have any urgent inquiries.

 we appreciate your understanding and patience as we navigate this winter weather event. rest assured, we are committed to resuming normal operations as soon as it is safe to do so.







open an account safely and conveniently online or through your smart phone.

click here

or scan the qr code







first state bank shallowater
first state bank would like to warn customers of a phone scam used to steal debit card information. phone calls claim that the customer’s debit card has been blocked or closed then proceeds to ask for debit card information. please do not give out any information. please call the bank if you have any questions regarding your account or if you receive a suspicious call. thank you, as always, we appreciate your business.







open a:








business checking account








personal checking account








savings account









view our quick comparison chart to compare services and choose the account type that is best for your financial needs.

telephone and internet banking are finally here! both are easy to use and are available 24 hours a day for no additional charge. sign up for both services today.







new online banking user registration
















































beware of new “pig butchering” scam via text message

have you ever received an unexpected text or direct message from a stranger?  if so you might be a target for a new scam called “pig butchering.”

click here for more information







call or come see us today
get started



 







 first state bank shallowater
one commerce park
p.o. box 160
shallowater, tx 79363-0160
phone: 806.832.4525

 routing number # 111323689
 

 



home
about
account services
tools
contact
online banking
privacy policy
 



copyright 2015 first state bank shallowater  | website design by your web pro llc. 













