







drive conference 2024

























































0








        skip to content
      


































































open menu
close menu






































































open menu
close menu






















































































see what drive is all about.want to know when there are updates for the next drive conference?




    join the mailing list
  



























creating effective ministry seems harder than ever.it’s also more crucial than ever.each week, you feel the weight of creating messages and ministries to guide the fearful, lost, and hurting. you do it while navigating divisive social and political issues, staying on budget, balancing ministry and family life, and (hopefully) fostering your own faith too.so, why do it?because you, like us, believe the answer is jesus.and that’s why we do drive conference! we’re building two days full of inspiration, equipping, and an opportunity to refuel for your ministry road ahead! your job is simply to get here! we have a slew of new ideas we’ve tried since the pandemic, lessons we’ve learned in the process, and practical tools to help your ministry (and teams!) be healthier and more effective.time to fuel up, have fun, and let us serve you at drive! 





























four main sessionsof powerful worship and teaching



connectionwith other church leaders just like you














































all-new breakouts




45 new breakout sessions full of helpful content and inspiration for your team to take back home



breakout topics include:leading teams through change and uncertainty.new techniques for recruiting, training, and supporting volunteers.strategies to boost staff health and engagement.ideas to help your church embrace serving and financial generosity.unique approaches to reengaging and reactivating people and reaching your unchurched community.social media, digital solutions, and ways to open new ministry opportunities.as always, how to create irresistible ministry for all seasons of life.… and much, much more!!!




    see all breakouts
  



























the drive-thru experiencein our brand-new drive-thru environment, you’ll be able to browse and connect personally with a variety of north point staff (separated by ministry area) and hand-picked vendors at various points during the conference.
























































mailing list
get updates about drive conference.




                        join the list
                      







faq
have a question about drive? we have an answer for you.




                        read the faq
                      






















































































see what drive is all about.




























subscribedreaming of your future drive conference experience? so are we! give us your email address and a little information, and we’ll tell you when we have more updates.

online form - npm events - drive conference - oth - post 2024 contacts















drive conference






































privacy policy  |  terms of use  | attendee login











