     fort myers group dealer in fort myers fl | cape coral lehigh acres bonita springs group dealership florida                           


                   




















scanlon auto group







call now
239-433-2277











14200 s. tamiami trail suite 200
fort myers, fl 33912








service







map







contact
























scanlon auto group




      call 239-433-2277   directions    

             home   new   new   new acura inventory   new lexus inventory   pre-order a car   shop lexus suvs     used   search inventory   pre-owned specials in fort myers   vehicles under 15k   fuel efficient vehicles over 25+ mpg     we buy cars   we buy cars   early lease exchange     careers   service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   our service locations   drop & drive   tourist service deal     buy online   about us   our group   scanlon spirit of giving   technology help center   fly in, drive out   social media   locations   what our customers are saying   scanlon community events in fort myers   privacy policy                      home   new   new   new acura inventory   new lexus inventory   pre-order a car   shop lexus suvs     used   search inventory   pre-owned specials in fort myers   vehicles under 15k   fuel efficient vehicles over 25+ mpg     we buy cars   we buy cars   early lease exchange     careers   service & parts   schedule service   service & parts specials   our service locations   drop & drive   tourist service deal     buy online   about us   our group   scanlon spirit of giving   technology help center   fly in, drive out   social media   locations   what our customers are saying   scanlon community events in fort myers   privacy policy            



    used inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      used    any year  any make  any model search     used    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     used      search       























 

scanlon acura
14270 s tamiami trail, fort myers, fl 33912
sales: (239) 433-1661  service: (239) 433-1661  parts: (239) 433-1661
visit website








 

scanlon lexus of fort myers
14200 south tamiami trail, fort myers, fl 33912
sales: (239) 481-9797  service: (239) 481-9797  parts: (239) 481-9797
visit website



      search new inventory     search used inventory        


 used vehicles in fort myers
























scanlon careers
here at scanlon auto group, we provide employment opportunities to top-notch candidates in the auto industry. whether you’re interested in a position on our sales, service, parts, or finance and insurance teams, you can begin the career of a lifetime with us. while most positions require experience in the auto industry, and we prefer employees who have worked with the acura or lexus brand at past jobs, we’re interested in meeting prospective staff members from all walks of life. the most important quality to have is a willingness and desire to learn. our dealerships in fort myers, fl , are seeking employees who exude professionalism while simultaneously creating a comfortable and welcoming atmosphere for customers. contact us for more information about our current job openings!
career opportunity information


 
 




 



vehicles under 15k
not everyone can afford to buy a new car, but that's not necessarily a problem. check out our affordable used vehicles under $15k and find the right one for you. shop for a used car with confidence.
search under 15k


 


     

 welcome to
 scanlon auto group in fort myers
we appreciate you taking the time today to visit our web site. our goal is to give you an interactive tour of our new and used inventory, as well as allow you to conveniently get a quote, schedule a service appointment, or apply for financing. at our dealership, we have devoted ourselves to helping and serving our customers to the best of our ability. we believe the cars we offer are the highest quality and ideal for your life needs. 
more about us


     



follow us on social media




















                            <


group dealership in fort myers, fl

if you're looking for a dealership that offers a huge selection of quality vehicles and world-class customer service that makes car shopping easy, look no further than scanlon auto. we are a family-owned and -operated dealership that has been proud to serve southwest florida for nearly four decades, and whether you're from fort myers, naples, bonita springs, lehigh acres, or estero, we can help you find an automobile you'll love driving for years to come.





a deal you'll feel good about

serving you is our main priority, and when you visit our showroom, we won't stop until you've found the model that fits your needs. our dedication to service sets us apart from other florida dealerships and has earned us a number of accolades, including the acura client satisfaction award, the acura #1 excellence award, and acura council of excellence manufacturer recognition.


we have always been proud to work with some of the top charities in southwest florida, including noteworthy organizations such as children's hospital of southwest florida, the united way of lee county, the junior league of fort myers, and lee county's boys and girls club.

speedy maintenance services

when you need to schedule routine maintenance or emergency repairs for your automobile, you probably want service as quickly as possible. when you work with us, there's no more waiting around to get your vehicle the attention that it needs.


during all open business hours, we offer an accelerated service platform that requires no appointments. just stop by our lot, and one of our highly trained technicians will take care of your needs quickly and easily. with our help, you'll always have the well-running automobile that you deserve.



shopping made easy

we want every person who visits us for a quality automobile to have a comfortable, hassle-free experience. for instance, when you step foot in our brand-new facility, you'll be able to relax in our luxury waiting area, which includes refreshments, a custom espresso machine, and other top-notch amenities.


when you visit us, we believe that you'll find exactly what you're looking for, thanks to our vast selection of automobiles. in addition to our brand-new acura models such as the rx, mdx, and ilx, we also offer a huge selection of late-model pre-owned vehicles, meaning you can purchase a great automobile for a great price. not only that, but when you buy any of our new or pre-owned vehicles, you'll have access to courtesy car washes on fridays and saturdays from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., so that you can keep your car spick-and-span.

your family-owned dealership

if you live in estero, lehigh acres, cape coral, naples, or fort myers and need a new automobile, the scanlon auto family is here for you. we have served southwest florida car buyers for nearly 40 years, and we would be thrilled for you to be our next customer. stop by today so that you can take a look at our high-quality new and used vehicles or to take advantage of our first-class services.




                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | consent preferences | scanlon auto group | 14200 s. tamiami trail suite 200, fort myers, fl 33912 | auto group: 239-433-2277             















         