








home automation and security alarm solutions | habitech systems































make a payment




  





systems
outdoor living
gallery

 downloads

control4
alarm.com
outdoor kitchens
videos


 company

contact
about us
job application


 login

alarm.com login
builder portal
 make a payment














home automation
with a touch of a button









peace of mind
is only a click away









commercial productivity
your business' technology made smart









outdoor living
bring the entertainment outdoors











technology working together for you
welcome to the world of possibilities! habitech systems, a ge home technologies authorized integrator, is pleased to introduce itself as the most powerful low voltage integration company in northeast florida. since 1999, habitech has completed thousands of home integration systems on florida’s east coast. we are pleased to be ranked #22 integration company in the u.s. by cepro top 100.

























home theaters
whether you're building a new home or have an existing room that you see has the potential to get the ultimate makeover into that one-of-a-kind home theater, our team is the premier choice to create the home theater of your dreams.

learn more


commercial systems
communicate more effectively with audio and visual boardroom technology. habitech systems offers systems and components that transform your meeting room into a motivating experience. corporate educational, government,

learn more


security & monitoring
we are able to protect your most valuable assets, at home and at work, by equipping your home or office with a state-of-the-art security system. our security systems are designed to provide enhanced comfort, safety and convenience. 

learn more















photo gallery
effective systems integration requires careful planning, layout, and design. habitech systems offers advanced system design services. from installing flat panel tvs to automation control, habitech systems is here to design and execute your systems just the way you envision them to be.
view more of our gallery







what our customers are saying



this company rocks: from the first visit at habitech. rick in sales walked us through all available options and items included in our build. then after closing tim came and installed the touch pad and the 4 cameras. took a lot of time explaining all of the features( i’m 56 and a little slower learning technology) then brad came in and installed the receiver and set up surround sound and explained the remote.   a couple of days later we had an issue with a window contact, ryan came out repaired the contact and took an extra 30 minutes to help me install the garage door app on my phone. all of these people were willing to answer and help us understand all of these new items in our new home i give habitech 5 stars.  very professional outfit.  thank you for all of your help.
jeffrey yates



we have used habitech for our last 2 homes and appreciate the service so much that we are going with them again in our new home. ryan was our technician for the install and he is amazing! he took the time to explain the new system and answer my many questions, was responsive over text when we needed to dim the panel light in the bedroom, and even helped to set up our ring doorbell. appreciate the excellent service!
alexia lewis



ryan rome, habitech, installed and programmed our new alarm.com security system.  the system is loaded with useful features which we initially did not consider. on several occasions, when i had questions or requested changes in service, i reached out to him and received nearly immediate follow-up. on at least 2 occasions, it was after normal work hours and nonetheless ryan came to my rescue. in all cases, his technical knowledge and patience was superior. i cannot thank him enough for his repeated assistance!
tracey hooper



ryan, shawn, and habitech team are responsive and provide quality work. they're diligent in all the work they perform. if you are looking to automate your home, use them! you won’t regret it and will be happy with your choice.
mario rojas



habitech systems has monitored my home in ormond beach for almost 20 years now.  their service team & department is exceptional.  especially my favorite technician ryan. ryan is there for me when ever i need him and since my husband passed, he has taken care of me like his own mother.  i cannot thank him enough.  he’s professional, knowledgeable and gets a good job done.
their sales team is excellent also, especially sales agent joe mcclaren.  he is so kind, professional and really knows his products.  habitech is by far the best security/home automation company in florida.  thanks for the years & years of great work habitech!
vera braden









ready to get started?
our team will provide client services from the initial discovery phase to the design, installation, and programming of your electronic system. let us exceed your expectations!








name 



phone 

email 


message 

send message 





























about us
habitech systems, a cepro top 100 integrator and top structured wiring dealer, has been serving the east coast of florida from jacksonville to melbourne since 1999. habitech systems is the full service company for all of your low voltage integration needs.


ormond beach office
                    880 airport road unit 110
                    ormond beach, florida 32174					jacksonville office
                    11501 columbia park dr. w, suite 100
                    jacksonville, fl 32258                    


contact us


                            1-800-610-6720                        

click here to email us


make a payment







 
  
  
  
 








                	copyright 2025 habitech systems inc. all rights reserved. designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.  use of this web site constitutes acceptance of habitech systems inc. privacy policy. powered by rize marketing.
				


    













 





