





anchorage inn
































 


skip to content



252.928.1101info@theanchorageinn.combook now252.928.1101reservations@theanchorageinn.combook nowguest portaltoggle navigationhomeroomsaboutabout usspecialsamenitiesfaqsdiscover ocracokepoliciesour policiespet policiestravel insurancecontact
 





homeimpact2025-02-04t19:28:35+00:00 
located in the heart of ocracoke villagethe anchorage inn & marinaocracoke lodging at its finest!located at the harbor’s edge in the heart of ocracoke village, our four story hotel overlooks ocracoke’s scenic silver lake harbor and provides the perfect point from which to launch your ocracoke island adventures.
guest roomsking bedsleeps 2beds 1baths 1
king bed suitesleeps 2beds 1baths 1
two full bedssleeps 4beds 2baths 1
what our guests are saying
we had a great stay while we were there last week. the view from the balcony is just amazing. it was absolutely gorgeous at night. we did not do the pool. we went to the beach. everybody was just so nice and friendly the staff the folks in the office. i actually left my curling iron and i called them when i got home and left a message because they were closed, and i sent them an email, they responded to my email and they had my curling iron and they actually mailed it back to me for which i am so grateful. i would absolutely recommend anyone to stay at the anchorage.
patti p.
this hotel is really a great option if you want to go to ocracoke with a nice view and a good room but you don’t want to break the bank. we stayed in the honeymoon suite, which was super cheap for what it was. it was huge, and the view from the balcony was immaculate. the staff do a great job cleaning and checking in and out is super easy.
shyanne l.the anchorage inn & marina offers a comfortable and pleasant stay. the rooms are nice and clean, providing a cozy environment for relaxation. the service is notably friendly, making check-in and check-out a breeze. the inn boasts good views, enhancing the overall experience. additionally, its convenient location near the ferry makes it a perfect choice for travelers. considering the amenities and service, the room rates are quite reasonable. overall, the anchorage inn & marina is a great option for anyone seeking a convenient and comfortable place to stay.dj r.
excellent location and kind people working here! you can walk or rent a golf cart ( which is right across the street) to any of the shops and restaurants. our room had a full frig, microwave, keurig, toaster, table, and sink
holly l.



 
 
subscribe to our newsletter for updates, exclusive discounts & promotions!







contact us
252.928.1101

info@theanchorageinn.com
managed bylocation205 irvin garrish highway
ocracoke, north carolina – 27960© 2024 anchorage inn & marine | all rights reserved | digital marketing by impact media solutions


 
 
page load link






go to top




