



snortalog : ids/ips and firewall log analyzer














number of visitors: 


latest version: 2.4.2



 














 








information
what is snortalog
features
log compatibility
changelog
screen shots
reports
requirements
downloads
download section
additional files
development
snortalog code
support
usage
examples
documentation
logs
snort
checkpoint
pix
netscreen
brick
netfilter
ipfilter
packetfilter
donate
support snortalog
my cv







about snortalog
snortalog is a powerfull perl script that summarizes snort logs making it easy to view any attacks against your network.

snortalog works with all versions of snort and is the only script who can analyse snort's logs in all formats (syslog, fast and full alerts). also, it is able to summarize a lot of exported firewalls logs, more informations in the features page.

also i'm pleased to announce you that snortalog is now referenced on http://www.snort.org/dl/contrib/data_analysis/
get more details about snortalog.




download snortalog
if you like snortalog and would like to stay up-to-date, i would like to encourage you to subscribe to its project page at freshmeat.
go to the download page.
support
do you need help? are you having problems? do you want to know what other users are doing with snortalog? be sure to check out the snort discussion forums. use your best friend google's index if you are searching for something in particular.
licensing/dontations
snortalog is released under the gnu
			general public license, meaning that it is completely free with no strings
			attached. however, if you enjoy snortalog and find it useful be sure to check out
			my donations page for various ways to encourage
			development and otherwise make me happy.




latest news
thursday, march 22th, 2007
the snortalog 2.4.2 release brings new features like check point vpn-1 logs detection with the "fw log -n" and "fw tab -t connections -f -m 25000" commands. also, cisco pix log detection enhancement (syslog datagram) and russian language arent added.	

wednesday, jannuary 25th, 2007
the snortalog 2.4.1 release brings new features like juniper netscreen logs detection and new reports for firewall. improvements include gui and cisco pix log detection. a bug in graph color was corrected.	

friday, june 23th, 2006
10000 visitors. thanks to the folks who downloaded, tested and used snortalog since the three last years. snortalog improve every days with your help and i hope you support the project a long time again.

thuesday, june 13th, 2006
i'm pleased to announce you the new snortalog's website. i tried to offer you an easy and comprehensible site and also tried to bring you more informations to use correctly snortalog.


please see the release notes for a quick overview and the downloads page for the goods!
read more ...


 







 

 

 












powered by jérémy chartier© snortalog 2000-2007







