







welcome to pony express malta


































home
shipment tracker
about
services
contact


 

client login

 

 

 




send a parcel today!
contact us >




 



track a shipment





to track your shipment, please click below

track my shipment >

 
 
 



about us



pony express draws on the experience of its shareholders and directors, who originate from international and local trading organisations, as well as on the experience of its expert staff who are backed by many years in operational positions with leading international companies.
pony express uses different major handling depots around europe for speedy deliveries around the world.


 



services







worldwide express courier





worldwide express courier
pony express (malta) offers express international delivery of documents and non-documents (goods) worldwide at competitive rates.
pony express (malta) also offers an express import service from selected countries. this service enables the client to request a pick-up from overseas, and its final delivery to malta on a door to door basis. the client therefore has total control of the delivery from the very moment that the goods leave the supplier’s gate. payments for this service are effected in malta on arrival and delivery of shipment.
our express service (import and export) is offered not only as a standard service similar to what our competitors offer, but we offer a special delivery service (sds) ranging from timed deliveries to on board courier (obc) dedicated deliveries.


 





airfreight





airfreight
pony express forms part of a worldwide network of independent agents. international (import and export) shipments of heavy shipments may therefore be undertaken to client’s requirements, up to door to door level service. pony express (malta) and its overseas associates utilise the services of various airlines, and ensure that clients enjoy the best freight rates available on the market.


 





sea & road transport





sea & road transport
pony express (malta) also provides a containerized or road trailer cargo transport service on both a full load as well as a groupage basis. this service is offered in association with other companies specialised in road and sea transport of heavy or large volume cargo.


 





customs clearance & delivery





customs clearance & delivery
pony express is committed to excellence in customs procedures, which are executed on behalf of clients, speedily and efficiently, by an expert team with many years of experience in this field. this service is available even in the case of shipments imported through other forwarders.


 





domestic delivery services





domestic delivery services
pony express offers a domestic delivery service picking up documents and non-documents (goods), and delivering these to any address in malta or gozo. we offer a three tier level of service: same day (deliveries within two hours), next day (deliveries by 17.00 the next day) and two-day (deliveries by 17.00 the third day). it is suitable for deliveries of both urgent documents as well as on contract for delivery of goods by wholesalers, who decide to operate in line with their counterparts in europe through outsourcing delivery operations to a specialist third party company who will relieve them of all the problems associated with logistics at a cost which in many instances is found to be lower than using one’s own in house services.


 





contract warehousing & short term storage





contract warehousing & short term storage
apart from the traditional short term storage services offered by its competitors, pony express offers long term contract warehousing. storage of both bulk packs as well as loose shelved items is accepted. all goods in storage are insured by pony express. this is a service product which may be combined with our delivery service providing a comprehensive storage and distribution service to the client.


 





other considerations





other considerations
all services are available singly, but if taken as a package will prove to be cost effective, directly in real terms, as well as indirectly through avoidance of loss of time by client in following shipment, customs clearance, storage, delivery and indeed the collection of payment if required.
the company gives individual attention to its client, customising various standard services to meet specific client needs. sales representatives call upon request to discuss the client requirements. transit-time, client’s budget, terms of business, frequency of use of service, countries of origin / destination and any specific requirements are all factors taken into consideration in the formulation of business proposals.


 
 
 
 



contact us



 



















pony express malta
							p.o. box 25,
							birkirkara, malta

tel: +356 2737 0840
email: operations@ponymalta.com


 
 
 




© 2025 pony express malta. all rights reserved.
designed and developed by ayrton sims

 
 































