










home - eden chamber of commerce




























































  


















skip to content








 
























menu 
the chamber about us board of directors ambassadors conversations with the chamber mike moore media podcast with the eden chamber staff contact usmember center business directory member benefits join now member login member 2 member benefits small business health program revive telehealth programbring your business business resources economic development chamber shop job postingsnews & weather member of the month weatherevents city of eden calendarvisiting visit rockingham countyleadership rockingham class directory day 1: southern c’s farm day 2: exploring eden day 3: exploring western rockingham








 















join us!












member login














visitor center (coming soon)


























newsletter pop-up



subscribe to our newsletter


×
sign up for the eden chamber weekly eblast!
want to stay in the loop with all the latest updates, tips, and exclusive content? join our newsletter today!
sign up!


























welcome to the
eden chamber of commerce






we’re the largest, most effective business organization in this community.


















eden weather

















our mission at the eden chamber is simple -
to support, promote and attract business for the advancement of our community.
remember, membership in the chamber is an investment in your community and in eden's future.
thank you for supporting your local chamber.












					2024 membership directory				








					members				








					events				








					jobs				








					contact us				








					join				

















upcoming chamber events 


 












69th annual awards dinner





















click on the flyer below to watch the annual awards dinner!























upcoming chamber events






















































our sponsors





































































 







 












© 2025 eden chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone






























telephone




(336) 623-3336 










map




678 s. van buren road | eden, nc 27288 










email




info@edenchamber.com 










facebook





instagram



























office hours: monday - friday 9:00am - 5:00pm | other times by appointment  


















 © 

 eden chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top














