


leveld simulations










 





advanced system modeling



flight management computer 
            (fmc) 



virtual cockpit



detailed 3d model



accurate procedures



failure system included



...and much more!
















































customer support notice: 
            all support is via the level-d forums. after you purchase, you need 
            to upgrade to forum licensed member status using
www.leveldsim.com/forumreg.htm. 
            this is required to receive support. there is also a general area 
            for non-registered users.













    


 

    

after years of development, the level-d simulations group 
                    is very excited to present to you their representation of 
                    the 767. you will not find another representation of this 
                    aircraft as complete and detailed as this release. from the 
                    full flight management system, through the autopilot capable 
                    of cat iii automated landings, and all the other systems and 
                    sub-systems, you will be able to experience this aircraft 
                    with stunning attention to system detail.

                    tracing its roots back through the 767 pilot in command series 
                    of releases for fs2000 and fs2002, their release for microsoft 
                    flight simulator x (fsx) and microsoft flight simulator 2004 
                    (a century of flight) contains many advancements and features. 
                    so make sure you check out the previews by clicking the links 
                    in the fmc above.

                  level-d simulations works to bring you the highest possible 
                    level of simulation for the microsoft flight simulator platform.




    






 



  april 14, 
                  2017 


the version 1.50 compatibility update for prepar3d 
                  and windows 10 has been released. fsx steam support has also 
                  been added to the installer. to update, please go to our downloads 
                  section.


 



  dec 15, 2010


winglet versions of the 767 for both fsx and fs9 
                  have been released. this is a free upgrade for fsx or fs9 purchasers. 
                  this upgrade provides new visuals, new performance characteristics, 
                  and more. for more information, visit the level-d 
                  forums.


 



  mar 1, 2008


service pack 2a for the fsx has been released! 
                  you will need service pack 1 installed before installing this 
                  version. sp2a should be installed by everyone. for more details, 
                  go to our downloads 
                  section.


 
















avsim's highest rating - 5 stars - read 
              more...
simhq has an in-depth article on the 767 -

read more...
pc pilot magazine's highest rating - 5 stars - pc pilot, 
              issue no. 34.

 flightsim.com's highest rating - triple a - read 
              more...
              flugsimulation's highest rating - 10 stars - read 
              more...





	      published by...


      copyright 2004 level-d simulations & flight one software, inc.
    



