







odns | optimal dry needling solutions - training & education































































































































skip to content






 









optimal dry needling solutions 






 


search for:








homecourse info level 1 dry needlinglevel 2 dry needlinglevel 1 dry needling with cadaver anatomylevel 2 dry needling with cadaver anatomyadvanced certification in dry needlingdry needling for hand therapistsdry needling for pelvic rehabdry needling for tmj and cervical spinefind a courseafricamiddle east & asiaeuropeusaindiamobile appdocuments / formsabout what is dry needling?partnerscontact find a therapistregional offices



 




 





great news!!! 
							the much anticipated odns dryneedling clinic companionapp is now available. 
							click here for more info 
 



global leaders dry needling  
							educating and mentoring 
							promoting high quality dry needling to healthcare professionals 
							
 



deepneedling  
							over 35 years combined teaching experience 
							
 



hands on needling  
							emphasizing accuracy & effectiveness 
							
 





 





welcome to optimal dry needling solutionsodns teaches an integrated approach to trigger point needling and pathology, providing the student with a thorough understanding of the mtrp and how it is affected by dry needling.
odns dry needling coursesall our courses are based on western anatomical and neurophysiological principles
level 1 dry needling

level 2 dry needling

level 1 dry needling with cadaver anatomy

level 2 dry needling with cadaver anatomy

advanced certification in dry needling

dry needling for pelvic rehab

dry needling for tmj and cervical spine

dry needling for hand therapists
course informationfind a coursewhy choose odnsthe largest and most well established dry needling education group in africa
we present internationally and will design the courses to fit your local conditions
we support ongoing research and evidence based protocolswe regularly run courses in europe, the middle east and the usawe regularly present dry needling courses within southern africaour courses are modular, and based on western anatomical and neurophysiological principleshpcsa accredited cpd activity for physiotherapists within south africaover 35 years combined teaching experiencewhat people had to say:“dis baie insiggewend en jy leer meer as net ‘dry needling”“this course was simply the most up to date and comprehensive myofascial dry needling course available in the uk”“you learn a lot. value for money. very practical”“i am glad i can contact the lecturer after the courses”“the course is a must if you are interested in myofascial pain relief”i would just like to say this again, thank you so much for a very enjoyable, well-run, comprehensive, interesting and exciting course!! your passion for what you do is infectious and it really did ignite a new passion in my own career so thank you for all your effort and sharing your knowledge with us!!amy
i would just like to thank you and your counterpart for presenting a truly excellent course. it was my first course outside of the hospital training that is presented. only one presentation was on par with yours.
lastly i would just like to thank the odns team for creating an environment that energized me to passionately learn and perfect techniques that are useful. the pair of you made learning fun and not at all taxing. thank you for that.
jason roets×dry needling certification ceremony
physiotherapy department celebrates dry needling certification of 28 physical therapists
28/06/2018
​
twenty-eight physical therapists from our physiotherapy department are now certified dry needling graduates after being accredited by the optimal dry needling solutions (odns) and international academy of orthopedic medicine, united states.
the physical therapists all completed 56 hours of didactic and hands-on coursework in dry needling and successfully passed practical examinations and submitted case studies in order to graduate from the course.
with the certification, the physical therapists can now use the ‘dry needle’ technique for expertly, cost effective and efficient treatment of myofascial (muscle) pain and movement impairments. dry needling is a unique procedure intended to specifically target and restore muscle function, with an emphasis on improving tissue healing and restoring normal tissue function.
the technique uses a dry needle, one without medication or injection, inserted through the skin into areas of the muscle, known as trigger points. with myofascial pain syndrome, pressure on sensitive points in the muscles (trigger points) causes pain in seemingly unrelated parts of the body. this is called referred pain. myofascial pain syndrome typically occurs after a muscle has been contracted repetitively. dry needling is one of the most effective interventions in the restoration of muscle function.
the dry needling course has enabled physiotherapists to use dry needling to alleviate pain and improve clinical outcomes as is part of the physiotherapy department’s commitment to the professional development of its staff to improve clinical services.
these recent certifications will ensure that our patients in need of this technique will continue to receive the safest, most effective and most compassionate care that they truly deserve.
hmc physiotherapy department celebrates dry needling certification of 28 physical therapists
click here for the full article.




 
 






		copyright 2022 optimal dry needling solutions | all rights reserved.	


facebook
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link



















go to top




