








jenna glatzer | bestselling author and ghostwriter



































books
bio
recommendations
news
media
friends
blog
faq
contact
  




i'm the author, ghostwriter, or co-author of more than 30 books, including céline dion's authorized biography, a marilyn monroe biography authorized by her estate, several children's picture books, memoirs, business and leadership books, books for writers, and other adult nonfiction books on topics ranging from fertility to bullying. my books have been featured on the oprah winfrey show, the today show, good morning america, dr. phil, access hollywood, the view, entertainment tonight, inside edition, and in people, time, and many others.


some of my books are mine alone, but i most often work as a ghostwriter or co-author both for celebrities and "regular people" with great stories to tell. i've written for all five of the "big five" us trade book publishers (simon & schuster, penguin random house, hachette, macmillan, and harpercollins), and my books have won multiple awards. i also write for magazines and newspapers, including the washington post and writer's digest.


i hope you'll explore this site and learn more about me and my work. thanks for visiting!
 



						  "never in my life have i wanted a journalist, a writer, to talk to me again. it’s hard for me to open up and trust. this is the first time i called to say, ‘i want to see her. ask her if she wants to see me again.’ there’s something about you."
 - céline dion


						  "i love working with jenna! she listens attentively, writes clearly and quickly, and is a joy to be with. she gets my highest recommendation."
 - joe vitale


						  "i know in my heart that god hand picked you to help write his story and the role that i played in it. you did an amazing job. i could not have done it without you. i treasure the time we spent together. i am so blessed to have worked with you, but even more blessed to have made a friend in you for life."
 - scott rigsby







what people say about jenna

"since her stellar work on the marilyn monroe treasures, jenna is the type of writer i am always trying to find projects for. she is an editor's joy: she consistently produces fresh, clean, and compelling prose, meets every deadline, and pours herself wholeheartedly into the success of the project. i would recommend jenna instantly to anyone looking for a strong and flexible writer for any subject."-meghan cleary, editor, becker&mayer!
"i worked with jenna on the pregnancy project, a memoir she wrote with gaby rodriguez. jenna is incredibly professional and managed to write—and revise!—a fabulous manuscript under a very tight schedule. the quality of her work is superb and she is nice on top of it! working with jenna has been a joy all around, and i wouldn't hesitate to recommend her to anyone in need of a professional non-fiction writer."-zareen jaffery, editor, simon & schuster

read more »


news & events
i'm working on a book with broadway actress tiffany haas (glinda in wicked) about how to launch an acting career, to be published by st. martin's.

read more »


books for adults




 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 



 












books for kids




 



 



 



 














where to find me online
twitterblogfacebook
follows and friend-requests give me the jollies.

are you thinking about hiring me? then this is probably 
          what you want to see.

just for kindle:
what's a sase? what's the definition of sell-through, laydown 
          date, query, treatment, bic, stet, and brads? find out here:


you can see lots and lots of interviews with me on this 
          page.

you can also join the honoring nick markowitz group 
          to offer your support to susan markowitz (my friend and writing client), 
          whose son's murder was the basis of the movie alpha dog.

check my photos











 
  


books
bio
recommendations
news
media
friends
blog
faq
contact

copyright © 2018 jenna glatzer. all rights reserved.








