     huntington beach ford | ford dealer in huntington beach, ca                                 



                                           
























huntington beach ford









sales
888-516-4195

service
888-643-9988

parts
888-377-3855




18255 beach blvd, huntington beach, ca 92648

                                






























huntington beach ford




      call 888-516-4195   directions    
            home   new   search new inventory   quick quote   ford models     custom order   custom order   2024 ford maverick     used   search used inventory   value your trade     specials   new ford specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials   ford military appreciation program     service & parts   schedule service   order parts   tires   fordpass     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   ford direct privacy policy   finance your car in huntington beach, ca   value your trade     contact   about us   hours & directions   customer reviews   our blog   360 virtual tour   frequently asked questions   contact form   view ccpa policies   ccpa requests   sms policy     schedule service                   home   new   search new inventory   quick quote   ford models     custom order   custom order   2024 ford maverick     used   search used inventory   value your trade     specials   new ford specials   service & parts specials   manufacturer service specials   ford military appreciation program     service & parts   schedule service   order parts   tires   fordpass     finance   finance department   get pre-approved   ford direct privacy policy   finance your car in huntington beach, ca   value your trade     contact   about us   hours & directions   customer reviews   our blog   360 virtual tour   frequently asked questions   contact form   view ccpa policies   ccpa requests   sms policy     schedule service             




    vehicles available    filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       



                                                                                                                                                      disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                  
     search new inventory     search used inventory        






easy financing 









schedule service 









special offers 





         a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory              

welcome to huntington beach ford!
for a first-class customer experience, great selection of vehicles and professional car repairs in southern california, turn to huntington beach ford. we're an award-winning orange county ford dealer that's committed to providing you with the top-tier service you deserve, so shop online now or contact us to get started. you can review our inventory, ask us questions and see all the ways we're here to serve you through your ford ownership experience. you'll quickly see that nobody beats the beach!


new & used ford vehicles for sale
the selection of new ford trucks, suvs, and evs for sale nearby at huntington beach ford allows you to easily find your perfect match. whether you're hoping to buy an f-150 truck, escape suv or new ford ev nearby, you can discover exactly what you're looking for. want to custom order ford models or compare ford commercial vehicles? our ford finance and sales experts are always here to help you get the keys!

is a used ford vehicle or pre-owned car more of interest? our local ford dealer has a great selection of certified pre-owned ford vehicles and used car specials you're sure to love, so make sure to browse all the possibilities. we even have new ford specials and electric car incentives for those who want to save!


auto parts & ford service in huntington beach, ca
from professional auto repairs to fordpass rewards™, there's a long list of reasons to return to our huntington beach ford service center. we have a quick lane® tire & auto center for same-day service like edge oil changes and f-150 tire rotations, or you can schedule ford service in advance. we also offer perks like auto maintenance coupons, mobile van service as well as ford service pick-up and delivery, so let us know if you'd like more details!

shopping for oem ford parts and accessories? visit our huntington beach auto parts store for the genuine ford accessories, f-150 brake pads and other components you may need. plus, you can save with auto parts specials and enjoy other great custom upfitting benefits by choosing us!

southern california ford dealership near me



get directions to huntington beach ford or shop online for a new vehicle and enjoy every part of the process. we're located at 18255 beach blvd in huntington beach, just a short ride away from irvine, costa mesa, buena park and other orange county ford fans. we look forward to welcoming you into the huntington beach ford family!








more about us


stay in touch
                                


            shop used inventory          sales hours      monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 10:00am - 8:00pm                   although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable government fees and taxes, finance charges, electronic filing charges, and emission testing charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable government fees and taxes, finance charges, electronic filing charges, and emission testing charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week. taxes not included on service and parts specials.
warning: operating, servicing, and maintaining a passenger vehicle or off-road vehicle can expose you to chemicals including engine exhaust, carbon monoxide, phthalates, and lead, which are known to the state of california to cause cancer and congenital disabilities or other reproductive harm. to minimize exposure, avoid breathing exhaust, do not idle the engine except as necessary, service your vehicle in a well-ventilated area and wear gloves or wash your hands frequently when servicing your vehicle. for more information, go to www.p65warnings.ca.gov/passenger-vehicle

             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy  | your privacy choices  | additional disclosures huntington beach ford | 18255 beach blvd, huntington beach, ca 92648 | sales: 888-516-4195 |                





















                              