   engarde® body armor: premium quality ballistic vests, plates & armor  
              
 



soft armorhard armorconcealabletacticalspecialistother gearcatalogcontactenglishenglishfrançaisespañoldeutschcatalogcontactenglishenglishfrançaisespañoldeutsch
  state of the art body armorwe start with the finest materials, combined with advanced engineering, to produce the highest quality body armor products on the market today.
see our product linesoft armorthe lightest, most flexible and comfortable soft armor made anywhere.
explore soft armorhard armormaximum protection against rounds from high-powered rifles requires hard armor.
explore hard armorconcealablecovert body armor needs to fit well and lie smooth under clothing to avoid being obvious.
explore concealable armortacticaltactical armor is designed specifically for those who operate in a high threat environment.
explore tactical armorspecialistspecialist vests are developed for a more casual environment in comparison to those of the military or tactical training units.
explore specialist armorother gearadditional gear such as bomb blankets, as ballistic briefcases and vest upgrades.
explore other gear



















our clientsengarde® is proud to serve thousands of clients worldwide, supplying them with the highest quality body armor products on the market today. our customers include law enforcement, elite military units and private security forces.engarde in the news

introducing the comfort-gen7™: the next generation of ballistic protection

read more

nvj partners with engarde: ensuring safety and protection for freelance journalists in conflict zones

read more

bull(et) proof vest saves spanish police officer

read more
a. m. (guardia civil, spain)due to the breathable material used for the carrier, i found my vest as a very comfortable concealable solution. in addition, the vest adapts perfectly to my body, being flexible and lightweight. i will continue purchasing this brand and recommending it to my colleagues.
caroline d. (journalist, united states)thanks, as always, for your excellent service! the vest fits perfectly!
dirk d. (paramedic at red cross, germany)as a paramedic, i am wearing engarde’s deluxe body armor 12 hours a shift with no problem. the vest provides me maximum protection, comfort and flexibility even under cpr conditions. the vest is a 100 percent recommendation.
george a. (police officer, new zealand)i wear my engarde vest about 40 hours a week in a wide variety of weather conditions. engarde vest is a very comfortable and reliable vest. it has a great balance between lightweight, flexibility, and ballistic protection.
manuel w. (zdf security staff, germany)our team in washington is happy with the ballistic vests!
kenneth h. (security guard, switzerland)i bought a vest with mt-pro panels two years ago and am wearing it almost every day, some days for even 12h+. it is very comfortable to wear and its design protects areas other vests don’t cover.
d.r. (national police, spain)the engarde mt-pro model is quite flexible and lightweight. despite the warm weather, i feel comfortable and fresh with this vest. is an ideal product to wear for long working hours.
matthias b. (close protection officer, germany)to buy the new flex-pro-sk1 vest was one of my best decisions in the last years. even my colleagues do not notice that i wear a vest! i’m very happy with your product.
lars k. (paramedic, sweden)i have always preferred and enjoyed engarde’s products both working as a security guard and as a paramedic. hopefully engarde products will become a standardized personal safety gear in the swedish emergency services in the near future.
kyle s. (armed courier, usa)the deluxe™ concealment vest fits perfectly; and i know that your company makes a quality product that i can trust my life on. i’ve worn many vests in my time and i love the cut of the vest that i received.
giannis k. (police officer crete, greece)i am very happy with the engarde patrol vest i bought. i am a police officer in greece and, in addition to being very safe it is very light and invisible when working as undercover cop! keep up the good work to protect us!
thomas p. (rural police officer, france)lightweight product, also very nice to wear when moving around or sitting in a car. engarde offered me good quality and service. i can highly recommend to buy an engarde vest.
c.m. (seguridad privada, mexico)engarde has an excellent service combined with an excellent product. the quality of both, product and service is highly recommended. the flex-pro model is light and very comfortable.
richard g. (special operation unit, france)i have been wearing my engarde leopard vest daily for two years now and am very happy that i bought it. my colleagues also bought this leopard vest and are equally happy with it. i can recommend engarde without hesitation.
a. r. (police officer vienna, austria)my experience with the flex-pro™ is in one word: unique. even after a 24 hour shift, my engarde vest feels very comfortable to wear. the vest does not restrict my movement at all and give protection all around my body.
remco p. (security guard, the netherlands)our security company inside safety limburg bought protective vests from engarde. during the first evening we were wearing the vests there was a stabbing incident. without any injuries thanks to your top quality product.
 victor a. (gendarme, france)we have ordered leopard vests with hard armor inserts and received the vests within 8 days. both the quick service as the quality of the vests was excellent. the vests we received exceeded our expectations.
julien r. (police officer, france)i can recommend the engarde puma overt vest with front opening. the product is of excellent quality and met my expectations. fast delivery and great customer service by the reseller.
david  h. (surveillance officer, france)the concealable deluxe vest with mt-pro soft armor panels is very easy to wear during my day to day work as a surveillance officer. i can highly recommend this vest that came with a free carrying bag.
nicolas g. (gendarme, france)ordered the tactical engarde patrol model two years ago. this vest is very comfortable and i can therefore highly recommend engarde vests for day-to-day use as a member of psig sabre.
jean-yves f. (private citizen, france)after having worn my patrol vest for many times i am not disappointed with my purchase. despite the tactical nature of the patrol carrier, this vest is discreet and can be worn under a jacket or blouse. vest is breathable and flexible.
c. w. (police officer vienna, austria)i wear my deluxe™ body armor with flex-pro™ panels on a daily basis and never thought that a vest could be so comfortable. i can highly recommend engarde to all police officers.
david b. (shooter, france)“the engarde dual use ballistic vest i ordered is very lightweight and exceeds my expectations. i can recommend this vest to other sport shooters. fast and efficient delivery by the manufacturer.”
raymond v. (security guard, the netherlands)have been wearing my deluxe vest for over six years. i am still very pleased with the flexibility and wearing comfort of this vest. also while driving a car.at engarde body armor - we care
engarde® is dedicated to protecting the lives of those who put themselves on the line defending the rights of others. our customers include law enforcement, private security, military personnel, non-profit organizations like doctors without borders, journalists and individuals from a variety of industries working in dangerous areas. those choosing our products are trusting us with more than their business; they trust us with their lives.that’s why our body armor starts with finest materials available from around the world. we then combine those best in class bullet-stopping materials with superior engineering and ergonomics to make our vests the most comfortable for long-wear situations, even in the hottest climates!engarde® is based in the netherlands, a small country that plays a big role in the body armor industry. it’s no coincidence that the world’s best and most innovative ballistic materials, such as dsm dyneema® and teijin aramid, are manufactured right here. our core mission is making ballistic vests with unparalleled stopping power to save lives. this is what our clients and their families deserve and rely on us to provide.at engarde® we’ve got your back.
download catalogreceive the latest updatesfill out your e-mail address below to learn about our latest developments and products.

contactengarde body armor
p.o. box 17636
1001 jm
amsterdam
the netherlands
p +31 (0)255 517 381
f +31 (0)255 517 797aboutfaqnewsabout engarderesellersonline shopinvestorsresourcesbody armorbullet proof vestnij body armor standardgerman body armor standardsitemapfollow usfacebooktwitterpinterestyoutubelinkedininstagram


























© copyright 2025 engarde body armor disclaimer privacy cookies all rights reserved     



