

computer training in a computer class. computer course los angeles courses and lessons. instruction in school computer training instruction. instructor school in los angeles classes. microsoft excel classes, intuit quickbooks classes, microsoft powerpoint classes, microsoft outlook classes, microsoft word classes, quickbooks accounting classes, pc repair, a+ certification, microsoft office. computer school in los angeles, beverly hills, santa monica, california, burbank, pomona, downey, down town los angeles, downtown, inglewood, westchester culver city, marina del rey, hollywood, west hollywood, glendale, pasadena, west la,  irvine, santa ana, san bernardino. intelliquest computer training, training connection, trainingconnection, pryor, onlc, coursehorse, intelquest computer graphic design, web site design, accounting.  microsoft word classes, excel classes,  powerpoint classes, outlook classes, quickbooks classes, windows, access. intelliquest computer training, training connection, pryor, onlc, coursehorse, graphic design, wed site design,  


















 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
in-person hands-on  classes
 



 
 
 
 


 
online 1-on-1 live interactive classes
 



 
 
 
 


 
private personal training (in-person or online)
 



 




 
for prices or to register please 
call (310) 729-1766 



 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
thank you for visiting
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
we provide computer training in a computer 
  class in los angeles for vocational training.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
computer training. call for schedule of 
  computer class in a computer school in los angeles computer courses in computer 
  training in a school in los angeles instructor instruction providing classes 
  in microsoft we provide vocational training in a vocational school. we provide 
  instruction in english, in the following programs, word excel powerpoint access 
  outlook windows quickbooks pro computer repair comptia a+ certification adobe 
  dreamweaver flash quarkxpress photoshop illustrator beverly hills california 
  culver city marina del rey hollywood glendale pasadena west la santa monica 
  graphics quickbooks classes computer repair a+ certification course in california 
  courses school schools resume computer school in los angeles computer courses 
  in los angeles computer seminar in los angeles this is a computer school in 
  los angeles. we provide computer training. computer training classes was established in 1989 
  to provide computer training class for every one.
graphic design certificate 
  programs 
quarkxpress

 we offer classes in quarkxpress in los angeles, santa 
    monica, beverly hills, marina del rey. this programs is a graphics layout 
    program. it allows the user to create flyers, newsletters, brochures, and 
    magazines. it is primarily used by publishing and typesetting companies. computer 
    training in most popular courses.

adobe photoshop

this is a graphics program which allows the user to 
    manipulate photos. you can scan photos into photoshop. you can edit photos 
    such as changing the color of items or erasing items. photshop can be used 
    to create graphics to be placed in internet web sites. this class is offered 
    in our computer training center in beverly hills area.

adobe 
  illustrator

this program allows the user to create illustrations 
    on the computer. these illustrations can be used standalone or transferred 
    to a layout program like quarkxpress.

adobe 
  pagemaker

we offer classes in in los angeles, santa monica, beverly 
    hills, marina del rey. this is a graphics program which allows the user to 
    manipulate photos. you can scan photos into photoshop. you can edit photos 
    such as changing the color of items or erasing items. photshop can be used 
    to create graphics to be placed in internet web sites.
 
home 
    - class hours 



  which software program will help you advance at your job? 
  

it is a well known fact that in order to qualify for 
  the majority of job openings, you must have some computer experience. the question 
  is what do some of these computer programs do, and which one is used for what 
  jobs.

microsoft 
  word computer training classes
microsoft word is a word processing program which allows 
  the user to write letters, documents, reports and create flyers.
microsoft 
  excel  computer training classes
microsoft excel is a spreadsheet program that is used 
  for excel in microsoft excel creating any kind of document where numbers and 
  calculations are involved. microsoft excel works in a table format. you can 
  use these programs to create lists, invoices and financial statements. some 
  people may use this program to keep inventory or create invoices.
microsoft 
  powerpoint  computer training classes
microsoft powerpoint is a presentation application. it 
  allows the user to create presentations, slides, overheads, handouts, organizational 
  charts, etc.
microsoft 
  outlook  computer training classes
microsoft outlook is included in microsoft office.  
  it allows you to manage contacts, schedule appointment, manage notes, and it 
  works like a personal organizer.
microsoft 
  access  computer training classes
microsoft access is a database program and is used for 
  filing. it allows you to keep lists and perform queries on data. an example 
  of a query is a client list or mailing labels according to a particular zip 
  code.
quickbooks 
  pro  computer training classes
quickbooks pro is a accounting program. it allows the 
  user to write and print checks, create profit and loss reports, keep track of 
  income and expenses, accounts payable and receivable, inventory, payroll, purchase 
  orders and more.
quicken  computer training classes
quicken is a personal check writing/printing and accounting 
  program. it allows the user to write and print checks, create profit and loss 
  reports, keep track of income and expenses as well as accounts payable and receivable.
microsoft 
  windows
microsoft windows is an operating system with graphical 
  user interface (gui). by learning windows you will be able to organize and manage 
  your computer.
apple mac computer training classes
apple mac is a computer that is similar in operation 
  to computers with windows. the apple mac is most widely used desktop publishing 
  and graphic design.
the 
  internet computer training classes
you can use the internet to search libraries of data. 
  you also create your own web page to advertise and promote products or services 
  that you provide. the language in which web sites are created is the html (hypertext 
  markup language). 
america computer training, america training classes, training connection, academyx, new horizons computer learning center, trainingconnection, learnit.
aaa
class hours 
  - home page


microsoft word  computer training classes
microsoft excel  computer training classes
microsoft powerpoint computer training classes
microsoft outlook computer training classes


microsoft access  computer training classes
quickbooks pro  computer training classes
quicken computer training classes
microsoft windows computer training classes


apple mac  computer training classes
internet  computer training classes
 
 


 

 
maya 
  animation classes computer training classes
hands on computer training class in 
  maya animation in los angeles, 
  california 
maya 
  is one the most widely used animation programs in the world.
learn 
  maya computer training classes
  
web 
  design certificate programs  computer training classes
 

adobe 
    illustrator computer training classes

this program allows the user to create illustrations 
      on the computer. these illustrations can be used standalone or transferred 
      to a layout program like quarkxpress.


adobe 
  flash  computer training classes

use flash to create brilliant and interactive animated 
    web sites that attract and engage visitors to your web site. computer 
    training in los angeles
 
 

adobe 
  photoshop computer training classes

this is a graphics program which allows the user to 
    manipulate photos. you can scan photos into photoshop. you can edit photos 
    such as changing the color of items or erasing items. photshop can be used 
    to create graphics to be placed in internet web sites.

adobe 
  dreamweaver computer training classes 

dreamweaver is an ideal tool for web site design. you 
    can use this innovative software to create web sites visually and create the 
    most advanced features possible on the web. dreamweaver is a text editor for 
    html & javascript to make web design easier. students will use dreamweaver 
    to make their own web pages and site.

schedule of classes offered in the los angeles 
  area in los angeles county.

home 
    - class hours computer training classes
the following are a list of classes offered at computertraininginla.com
 

animation
maya frontpage
computer training in los angeles
home about 
  office about web
repair graphics
accounting word
maya
web site design
graphic design 
microsoft 
  word 1 - excel 
  1 - powerpoint 1  - 
  windows 1 - access 
  1  - quickbooks pro 1
microsoft 
  word2 - excel 
  2 - powerpoint 
  2  - windows 
  2 - access 
  2  - quickbooks 2
web design
web site design class graphic 
  design
microsoft 
  word 3 - excel 
  3 - powerpoint 
  3  - windows 
  3 - access 
  3  - quickbooks pro 3
quarkxpress 
  4  - photoshop 
  4 - illustrator 
  4 - dreamweaver 
  4  - flash 4 frontpage
microsoft 
  word 5 - exce 
  5 - powerpoint 5  - 
  windows 5 - access 
  5  - quickbooks pro 5
quarkxpress 
  2  - photoshop 
  2 - illustrator 2 
  - dreamweaver 
  2  - flash 2 word computer training classes
computer classes 
microsoft 
  word 6 - exce 6 - powerpoint 
  6  - windows 6 - access 
  6  - quickbooks   computer training classes
computer training 
graphic 
  design 1 web 
  site design 1 microsoft 
  office word classes 
access  computer training classes
graphic 
  design 2-2 web site design 
  2 access
comuter training school  computer training classes
computer training 
graphic 
  design 3 web 
  site design 3 word
access
graphic design los angeles computer training classes
maya 
  animation frontpage
computer class computer training classes
quarkxpress 
  5  - photoshop 
  5  - illustrator 
  5 - dreamweaver 
  5 - flash 5 frontpage computer training classes
animation
wed design los angeles computer training classes
 computer training classes
computer training  computer training classes
ctladotcom
computer training classes 



