







outer banks vacation at relaxing b&b in wanchese nc








































































252-473-5619
104 old wharf road
wanchese, nc 27981














home
about us
reservation info
our rooms »

lexy’s room
cleo’s room
zena’s room
willie’s suite


guest information »

things to do & see
specials & packages


history of island house
associations
blog
contact us

















reserve now
we will check our online schedule and show you our availability!
 
click here!













our rooms
all rooms are decorated with antiques and offer private baths! ask about our pet friendly policy!
click here!












 specials
don't miss out on our specials and holiday packages!
 
click here!


















wanchese island bed and breakfast in the outer banks!island house of wanchese b&b is located in the old fishing village of wanchese on roanoke island. it is a small community that is quaint, unique and close to the beautiful nags head beaches, lighthouses, saltwater fishing, boating, state parks and great shopping.
roanoke island has many interesting attractions of its own… north carolina aquarium, elizabethan gardens, elizabeth ii historic center, festival park, fort raleigh historic site, lost colony, historic downtown manteo, and the wanchese industrial fishing center. roanoke island also has some of the best restaurants and unique shopping on the outer banks.
days at island house begin with an appetizing southern style buffet breakfast served daily in the dining room. breakfast includes:

fresh fruits
yogurts
assorted juices
tea & coffee

in addition we serve one of the following hot entrees:

pancakes
waffles
french toast
various egg recipes
hot fruit compote
sausage gravy
southern style grits accompanied by either bacon, sausage links or ham

after breakfast, the choice is yours. the area’s many attractions may capture your fancy but lounging around the house is not without its own appeal. there is an outside gazebo and double yard swing, beautiful flower gardens and large yard to enjoy natures wonders and smells.
inside, there is a guest pantry open 24 hours a day for our guests’ convenience.
there are 3 rooms and 1 suite at the b&b. all the rooms are decorated with antiques and offer:

private baths
color cable televisions
radios
dvd/vcr player and
central air conditioning

we provide beach towels, chairs and beach umbrellas for our guests.



























contact us
















name*

email*

phonemessagewould you like to receive emails from us in the future?*


no



yes
emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ
















  









copyright © 2016
island house of wanchese bed & breakfast
sitemap

























