



the students' sketchpad




























wednesday, may 15, 2013



	 
	 what i've been up to of late-en
	 
    


hey guys,

not many of you are probably going to read this, but i figured it would be cool if i gave it a try.

the time i did student's sketchpad was truly an interesting moment for me. i realized that in the traumatic process of my academic life, i had a knack of turning muck into comedic gold. i think i have some grappling of comedy and how-to.

now, at the end of my academic life, me and my friends have written a politically incorrect comedy sketchshow and it's about to be staged! the title is called orh-horh which is perfect because it is a wonderful singaporean term that encompasses both schadenfreude and the ingratiation towards higher authorities.

don't come if you are  easily offended.
 




posted by en and hou at 11:20 am
17 comments






friday, april 10, 2009



	 
	 hi people.
	 
    


hello. is anyone out there still? two years does seem like a long time doesn't it? again, i seem to be back at trying to do what i've always liked doing. but i can't seem to draw studentssketchpad anymore. i'm no longer connected to the schooling system like i used to and i can no longer garner sufficient inspiration. studentssketchpad was an attempt to make people come to terms with their own school stereotypes, regardless of who you are and as such the humor tended to appeal to a broader base. but things are somehow different now..i wanted to draw something i would want to read. i wanted to create something more personal to myself. it was with such intention that i started ebget a few weeks ago. oh, and another thing. why have we not seen the advent of more interesting online content while we were gone? we were expecting videos , movies and political tragicomedies made by junior college kids! thank you for your time. -en=====hey, at least we had fun working on this project while we were still in the heart of this education system!after two years, from what i hear little has changed, and probably so in the future. who knows, twenty years from now, students in their own time would still be able to relate themselves to students' sketchpad.personally i'm working on new projects on a different scope from en's. blogging looks rather obsolete now - perhaps in future the next generation of students who wish to do a project along this line would have newer media to play with. we'll keep the site alive and as it is though, so that you can go through it whenever you want.goodbye, and thanks to all our readers!- hou, 10/4/2009



posted by en and hou at 4:41 pm
35 comments











about us

xpress cartooning by two students, en & hou 
reflecting the singapore
education system and its schools. 
updated weekly. unless something happens 
we are a regular webcomic. ;)
spread the word!
if you love this webcomic, be sure to come back
often and tell your friends about it! =)
don't forget to bookmark us!
contact us
ideas? questions? suggestions? or even 
intellectual discussions? 

we are reachable by email :
studentssketchpad at hotmail dot com 

      








archives

july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
october 2006
april 2009
may 2013


sister project












the students' sketchpad © 2005 en & hou, some rights reserved
(creativecommons attribution-noderivs2.5) - legal disclaimer


















