


  







 

calcon constructors, inc.























































 





calhoun w. cox, jr., founder
cal cox grew up in seneca, south carolina and received his bachelor of science from clemson university in 1964.
he served in the army corps of engineers/special forces for seven years and is a veteran of the vietnam war.
cal worked in the construction industry for 36 years and founded calcon constructors in 1981 in denver, colorado.
throughout the years, cal served as the president of the associated general contractors of colorado, as well as on numerous boards and committees. james p. bosshart, co-founder and chairman
jim graduated with distinction from iowa state university with a bachelor of science in construction engineering.
jim co-founded calcon constructors in 1981 and currently serves as chairman. he is involved in all business aspects, including marketing, estimating, project management and office management.
jim is very involved in the industry; he has served on many committees, including a position as executive committee board of directors for the associated general contractors of colorado.joseph s. gallion, jr., ceo
joe, who received his education from colorado state university, has been with calcon since 1982, and currently serves as the company’s ceo.
joe is responsible for all business aspects, including: marketing, estimating, project management and field management.
he remains very active in the construction industry, and has held positions as the chairman of colorado neurological institute, chairman of the board for southwest family ymca and as the past president of the construction industry training council.
presently, joe sits on the board of agc colorado and is a member of the national western stock show.
when not in the office, joe enjoys golfing, skiing, cycling and traveling.brian mortimore, president
brian has been with calcon since 1999 and is currently a president of the company. he is a proud csu alumnus and graduated with a bachelor’s degree in construction management.
with over 20 years of experience in project management, brian is a vital asset to calcon’s customers and vendors.
brian has completed many notable projects for calcon in the retail, technical, healthcare and mixed-use categories.
he is leed ap certified and a certified healthcare constructor.
in his free time, brian enjoys golf, the outdoors and spending family time with his wife and twin girls.jim sexton, cfo and vice president
jim sexton has dedicated his career to construction-related accounting and finance since relocating to colorado in 1999. joining the calcon team in 2013, he brings extensive expertise as a certified public accountant (cpa) and certified construction industry financial professional (ccifp). jim earned his bachelor of science in accounting from northern illinois university.
currently serving as cfo, vice president, and stockholder, he oversees all facets of accounting, financial reporting, information technology (it), and human resources (hr).
outside the office, jim finds solace in golfing and exploring the great outdoors of colorado.jeff johnson, vice president
jeff joined calcon in 2007 and is currently a vice president of the company.
he has a bachelor’s degree in construction management from csu and brings 19 years of project management experience to the table.
jeff has completed many of calcon’s most notable builds in the healthcare industry, including: specialty medical facilities, medical office buildings and hospitals.
jeff is a leed green associate, certified healthcare constructor and a member of cahed and ashe.
when not at work, jeff enjoys time with his wife and two girls.jim van zant, vice president
jim joined the calcon family in 1986 and has been in involved in many of our most notable builds.
jim graduated from colorado state university with a bachelor of science degree in industrial construction management.
he is currently a vice president and also serves as a senior project manager. he handles pre-construction, estimating and project management for calcon’s projects, seeing them through construction, closeout and warranty
jim presently serves as treasurer and on the board of directors for the construction industry training council (citc), which offers apprenticeship programs for the construction trades.  he is also a member of the american society for healthcare engineering and has received their healthcare contractor’s certificate.  he has served as an instructor for a project management class offered by associated general contractors.
when not in the office, jim enjoys the outdoors, his family and his ever growing motorcycle collection. 



 

 

 

 

 

 

 

















menumenuabout calcon

who we aremeet the teamhistory
what we build

all projectscommercial officecommunitymedicalmedical specialtiesmultifamilyretailtechnical
what we docareerscontact us








home


5505 central ave. located in boulder, co, 5505 central ave. is an 84,353 sf research-focused biomedical facility.
 learn more oak 140 apartments this affordable housing building comprises five-stories and features a total of 78 apartments.
 learn more onedtc office renovations calcon seamlessly executed a complex, multi-phase office renovation spanning multiple floors.
 learn more middle park health kremmling micro hospital calcon performed a large-scale expansion to the existing middle park health clinic in kremmling and created a new micro hospital for the community.
 learn more dumb friends leaguerenovation and expansion calcon constructed two large additions and remodeled roughly 90% of the interior all while the business remained 100% in operation.
 learn more hudson on farmer hudson on farmer is a six-story mixed-use residential project  located on the edge of asu’s campus in tempe, az. 
 learn more 
“for the past 16 years i have been privileged to have calcon constructors, inc. serve as my general contractor on 8 major medical office building projects. […] i have never worked with more competent, professional and ethical firm.i have always felt that calcon was a true “partner” in my ventures […] my sincerity in this endorsement is reflected in the fact that i never have and never will use any other contractor on my projects.”“i would like to my express me admiration of you as a business person of the highest class and as an individual who is committed to the improvement of the community. these values are also apparent in all those we worked with from calcon constructors. you and your organization are truly a credit to your industry.”“calcon brings far more than dollar value to a project, they truly work with their hearts. i can truly say i have never worked with a more dedicated group of individuals who always treated our needs first and foremost. […] i would highly recommend their services to anyone seeking a quality driven project.” “at each step in the process, we were beyond impressed with calcon’s integrity, diligence, friendliness, and heart. calcon made this construction project a positive experience for our entire community.”“this kind of team spirit, commitment and follow-through is all too rare…with the quality of personnel and commitment of the firm, we would consider it our privilege to pursue future projects with the individuals who participated in the project.thank you and your team for all your assistance and commitment to building quality projects.”“calcon’s history in the denver market and list of clients are a testament to their business ethic. they are honest, fair and as a result have a loyal following of owners, architects and sub-contractors. they truly have created a company that is built to last”“i am not sure many management teams would say they actually miss their contractors, but we were genuinely sad to see the project end. calcon is an excellent company with even better people leading the projects. we will definitely work with calcon again” in my 31 years of experience as a construction manager, i have found very few general contractors that are in the same league as calcon… i recommend them without any reservation.”





5505 central ave. located in boulder, co, 5505 central ave. is an 84,353 sfbuilding comprises five-stories and research-focused biomedical facility.
 learn more oak 140 apartments this affordable housing building comprises five-stories and features a total of 78 apartments.
 learn more onedtc office renovations calcon seamlessly executed a complex, multi-phase office renovation spanning multiple floors.
 learn more middle park health kremmling micro hospital calcon performed a large-scale expansion to the existing middle park health clinic in kremmling, co.
 learn more dumb friends leaguerenovation and expansion calcon constructed two large additions and remodeled roughly 90% of the interior all while the business remained 100% in  operation. learn more hudson on farmer hudson on farmer is a six-story mixed-use residential project located on the edge of asu’s campus in tempe, az.  learn more 
“for the past 16 years i have been privileged to have calcon constructors, inc. serve as my general contractor on 8 major medical office building projects. […] i have never worked with more competent, professional and ethical firm.i have always felt that calcon was a true “partner” in my ventures […] my sincerity in this endorsement is reflected in the fact that i never have and never will use any other contractor on my projects.”“i would like to my express me admiration of you as a business person of the highest class and as an individual who is committed to the improvement of the community. these values are also apparent in all those we worked with from calcon constructors. you and your organization are truly a credit to your industry.”“calcon brings far more than dollar value to a project, they truly work with their hearts. i can truly say i have never worked with a more dedicated group of individuals who always treated our needs first and foremost. […] i would highly recommend their services to anyone seeking a quality driven project.” “at each step in the process, we were beyond impressed with calcon’s integrity, diligence, friendliness, and heart. calcon made this construction project a positive experience for our entire community.”“this kind of team spirit, commitment and follow-through is all too rare…with the quality of personnel and commitment of the firm, we would consider it our privilege to pursue future projects with the individuals who participated in the project.thank you and your team for all your assistance and commitment to building quality projects.”“calcon’s history in the denver market and list of clients are a testament to their business ethic. they are honest, fair and as a result have a loyal following of owners, architects and sub-contractors. they truly have created a company that is built to last”“i am not sure many management teams would say they actually miss their contractors, but we were genuinely sad to see the project end. calcon is an excellent company with even better people leading the projects. we will definitely work with calcon again” in my 31 years of experience as a construction manager, i have found very few general contractors that are in the same league as calcon… i recommend them without any reservation.”





calcon constructors is proud to be part of colorado's construction community. from day one, calcon has consistently applied integrity, innovation, and insight throughout its business practices, enabling the company to thrive. this is due, in no small part, to the solid business principles of our founders; our extensive knowledge, passion and commitment to giving back to our communities has allowed us to perpetuate and enhance the rocky mountain lifestyle, environment and beauty of our home state.


our history


we build:  on our relationships with people, with colorado communities at heart, strong teams. strong teams build wonderful projects, a balanced focus on value and safety, with the future in mind, on our relationships with people, with colorado communities at heart, strong teams. strong teams build wonderful projects, a balanced focus on value and safety, with the future in mind 





construction isn’t for amateurs. there’s a multitude of companies to choose from, so how do you select the one that will ensure that your project receives the highest standards of planning, execution, attention to detail and service?
with countless construction professionals vying for the same clients and projects, many deliver the same mundane messages—“we build better buildings,” “we build quality,” or “building the future.” so, you might wonder, “how are any of these companies different from one another?” more importantly, you might ask, “how will i know that this construction company will go the extra mile to complete my project and give it the kind of attention it requires?”





enter calcon constructors. at calcon, we don’t just deliver a message—we operate by it. we’ve been in the construction business for over a quarter-century and, in that time, we’ve developed and fine-tuned a sophisticated strategy that harnesses everything a construction company should embody and practice—an established reputation, a passion for the communities built within, pride in performance, leadership through innovation and providing exceptional quality without sacrificing safety.












why calcon
from the initial discussion of planning your projects to assembling the highest quality team, across every aspect of the project, our talented professionals drive cost-effective solutions on your behalf.





learn more












about us
we do what we say and more. in constantly striving to go above and beyond for our clients, we serve their needs by providing innovative solutions, tailored services, and a premier experience.





learn more












our projects
we have helped hundreds of clients design and execute project solutions all across the front range. with experience spanning a variety of industries, learn how we can support you.





learn more





2270 w. bates ave.
englewood, co 80110
303.762.1554

















we build
confidence | trust | for colorado’s communities | smart solutions | innovation | premium quality | with the future in mind | excellence | because we love to



 







test


sharego to topsearch








...


this is a unique website which will require a more modern browser to work!
please upgrade today!





this is a modern website which will require javascript to work.
please turn it on!

















