





rural health education and services


























skip to main content.





advisory  |  inclement weather, feb. 18





×






 kumc.edu

 
            school of health professions
        

 
            school of medicine
        

 
            school of nursing
        



 
            university of kansas
        

 
            the university of kansas health system
        

 
            the university of kansas cancer center
        

















search within this section



search all sites



















		institute for community engagement
	



		our divisions
	





		programs & services
	



		events
	



		photo contest
	



		about
	



 
            our campuses
        

 
            make a gift
        

info for 


 
            school of health professions
        

 
            school of medicine
        

 
            school of nursing
        







 
            current students
        

 
            blackboard
        

 
            webmail
        

 
            mykumc
        





            prospective students
        



            prospective employees
        



            alumni
        



            faculty & staff
        



            residents & fellows
        



            patients
        



            donors
        



            researchers
        



            visitors
        











                                        rural health education and services
                                    








 
            our campuses
        

 
            make a gift
        







info for 































rural health education and services




programs & services






programs & services 



 
            kansas bridging plan
        

 
            kansas recruitment and retention center
        

 
            kansas locum tenens
        

 
            leadership and development training
        

 
            marketing services
        

 
            medical mission partners of kansas
        





related links:



            loan forgiveness & repayment options
        



            international medical education & mission award
        



            temporary coverage
        










events






events 



 
            health care career fair
        

 
            workshops and webinars
        

 
            national rural health day
        











photo contest






photo contest 



 
            categories
        

 
            photo contest rules
        

 
            winning photos
        

 
            voting and contest alerts sign-up
        











about






about 





                                                                                                        news
                                                                                                    

 
            contact us
        

 
            rural health supporters
        


























the krrc team partners with more than 80 kansas health care organizations across the state looking to fill current and future positions.











the international medical education and mission award (imem) application cycle is now open.











browse on-site leadership and development training services







pause
play








            kansas recruitment & retention center
        

            imem award
        

            professional development
        











rural health education and services (rhes) provides quality, proactive service to kansas health care organizations, health care providers, communities, and statewide associations. rhes coordinates a variety of programs, services and initiatives across the state to help strengthen the health care workforce in kansas.
our friendly and knowledgeable staff members are ready to answer your questions and provide professional service.
contact us today! 316-293-2649 rhealth@kumc.edu












                                health care careers
                            
our kansas recruitment and retention center team is currently partnering with more than 80 health care organizations across kansas that are searching to fill current and future positions. contact us at krrc@kumc.edu and we will be happy to assist you in finding the perfect opportunity that fits your needs and geographical preference.











find your health care career in kansas by specialty and/or region.















community engagement








university of kansas medical centerrural health education & services1010 n. kansaswichita, ks 67214rhealth@kumc.eduphone: 316-293-2649


facebook
twitter
instagram
linkedin






            community engagement
                
















make a gift





                            3901 rainbow boulevard, kansas city, ks 66160 | 
                                913-588-5000





            about
        



            calendar
        



            news
        



            equal opportunity statement
        



            careers
        





facebook opens in new tab
twitter opens in new tab
youtube opens in new tab
instagram opens in new tab
linkedin opens in new tab



© 2025 the university of kansas prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, sex, national origin, age, ancestry, disability, status as a veteran, sexual orientation, marital status, parental status, gender identity, gender expression, and genetic information in the university's programs and activities. retaliation is also prohibited by university policy. inquiries regarding our non-discrimination policies should be directed to the associate vice chancellor for the office of civil rights and title ix, civilrights@ku.edu, room 1082, dole human development center, 1000 sunnyside avenue, lawrence, ks 66045, 785-864-6414, 711 tty. 
            free expression statement
        
 |         
            privacy statement
        
 |         
            notice of privacy practices
        
 |         
            consumer information
        










we use cookies to analyze our traffic & provide social media features. visit the ku medical center privacy statement for more information. by closing this window & browsing this site, you agree to our use of cookies.











