 







neurolist.com






























 



















 





 




home






neurolist cases






blog




  neurolist

  





back




neurolist subscription






neurolist forum




  neurolist members

  





back




members-1






members-2






members-3






members-4












neurolist aan presentation 1998




  influence of height and age--rivner et al 2001

  





back


  extra figures

  





back




fig 1






fig 2






fig 3






fig 4










  tables

  





back




table 1






table 2






table 3












nerve conduction calculator
















  npsych

  





back




npsych  subscription






npsych forum












faq








 

  

  











  













            neurolist.com        



                        details                    



        published: 15 november 2013    




    hits: 592502


 
welcome to www.neurolist.com, home to the neurology (neuro) and npsych discussion lists. after reading the description of each list on our site please choose discussion list that interests you. these lists are restricted to health professionals.
there are two ways you can access these lists.  you can acess them via email or using a web forum.  you will need to subscribe to acess these list.  while the content of the web forum for each list mirrors the content of the email lists the subscriptions are independent of each other.  if you subscribe to the email discussion list you will not be subscribed to the forum.  likewise if you are subscribed to the forum you will not be subscribed to the discussion list.  you may subscribe to both the discussion list and the forum.  the content for the npscyh discussion list and forum are the same and likewise for neuro.
when you subscribe you will be asked to provide your credentials.  when you subscribe, you will be asked for your name.  if your name or email address is atypical or missing, your application for membership to our lists will be automatically rejected unless you send us verification of this email address.  each list has a list administrator who is responsible for the running of the list and creating the rules.  please familiarize yourself with the rules which are intended to keep discussion civil and organized.
 if you receive the content via email, please note that each message has a link which will unsubscribe you if you no longer desire to be a member of the list.  please do not report our list as spam.  we do not want to send any unsolicited messages to anyone so if you no longer want to receive our postings please unsubscribe from our lists.
on this website, we have some content which is restricted to registered members of this site.  this content is the blog and the neurolist cases.  in order to see this material you will need to registers on the site.  this is a different registration than that of the discussion lists but the same as the forum registration.  the registration link is on the right side of this page.  if you have an unusual username or email address, i will email you to verify whom you are.  you must respond to this email to register for the website.  if you are already a member of the npsych or neuro discussion lists, you web membership will be automatically approved.
 
neuro (neurologist discussion list)
neuro web forum
 
list administrator: michael h. rivner, m.d. audience: neurologists and other health care professionals description: neuro is a discussion list designed for neurologists and other physicians who take of patients with neurological disorders.  this list is limited to medical professionals only.
 
npsych (neuropsychology discussion list)
npscyh web forum
 
list administrators: david loring phd audience: neuropsychologists description: npsych is a discussion list designed for neuropsychologists. this list is open only to medical professionals.
 

 
forgot your password to the discussion list, use this link to reset it:  
forgot you password to the forum, use the link on the right sidebar 
















username








password


show password







                        remember me                    





                                        sign in with a passkey                


log in




                    forgot your password?



                    forgot your username?



                    create an account 





 




                members-4            





                members-3            





                members-2            





                members-1            





                npsych home page            




search ...  
















donate to the list 











                you are here:  
            
home 






 

 
    © 2023 by michael h. rivner (neurolist). all rights reserved.










