






ultimate ballroom & latin dance - salsa, ballroom, hustle, west coast swing tango - long island - new york new york city -education - teaching - entertainment













five great sites - to choose from



learn how to dance
- ballroom - salsa - latin - swing - tango - hustle - west coast -




learn to dance - social dances - for singles & couples - 





dj service



 - click here



elegance of dance



pro dancers to hire for shows - click here



national ballroom project


educational school shows - click here



line dance party & instruction



- click here



















 click for info



 benefits
ofdance
 danceswe
teach


 frequently
asked
questions

 testimonials
reviews
letters



 mark james
reviews & ratings
college students
social & club dance




tweets by @dannsirs




buy shoes here
click & go


 
ladies ballroom - latin - tango dance shoes
    i get a small commission on these sales
 
mens ballroom - latin - salsa - tango dance shoes
   i get a small commission on these sales
 
1/2 dance socks for over sneakers
i get a small commission on these sales








performance - "ballroom dancing at vanderbilt museum - mark and karen were the highlight at the suffolk county vanderbilt museum's 2013 summer night of music, dancing, and entertainment under the stars. their spirited ballroom dance performance delighted and thrilled the audience. at the vanderbilt's annual clambake, mark doubled as dj and performer (along with his talented partner, karen). mark's ability to select just the right music to motivate guests to get up and onto their feet.
" 
- lance reinheimer (gs) - executive director - vanderbilt museum & planetarium - review
















ultimate ballroom & latin dance 
the best value & the best place for learning
- salsa - ballroom - hustle - west coast swing - tango - 
- swing - lindy hop - international & american - 

- long island - new york - new york city -
- suffolk county - nassau county -  
whether it be   


- individuals or couples who want to learn to dance 
for socializing or competition
- an easy to learn wedding dance - for your first dance 
- a new dance
- competition routines
- socials


 --- let us know - easy to fill out form
contact info - click here
 ---  516- 835-9996




educational - "unbelievably great experience, sparked my interest further in the world of dance." 

- ratings & verified student reviews @ rate my professor - 
click here








amazing evening enjoyed by everyone! - mark and karen's performance at the riverhead free library was truly awesome! the show had everyone at awe with their dancing skills, moves & lifts, laughing at their wit and jokes and astonished they knew magic as well! the applaud, laughter, and smiles coming from the audience was an indicator that this was an evening we will all remember."

nancy farmer - riverhead free library 5/2014 - program director (gs) - review




provide dance lessons &  events with a social connection 
or competitive slant on long island in suffolk, nassau & nyc









ultimate dance zone








info - call 516-835-9996









educational - "amazing professor! i looked forward to his club dance class every monday night! he is so nice and helpful, he makes jokes and is a very inspirational person. i would take any of his classes in a heart beat. it is impossible to fail this class unless you never go. this class changed my life and made me realize how much i love to dance!" 
- ratings & verified student reviews @ rate my professor - 
click here








"mark and karen put on an incredible show! @ long beach library! - mark james and karen lupo took the audience on a tour around the world exploring the culture of different people through dance. my wife thoroughly enjoyed this performance. mark also added a "touch of magic" to the presentation. two thumbs up!" 
 - stephen c. pagano - adjunct professor - five towns college - musical director - hofstra entertainment - review














contact information _ easy to fill out form 
informational contact form
www.mjames.org 
phone 516-835-9996 
email at dannsirs@yahoo.com



