




first christian church – a movement for wholeness in a fragmented world


























































search






















				a movement for wholeness in a fragmented world			






					a movement for wholeness in a fragmented world				







worship

healing prayer ministry
view recent worship
music


safe haven

volunteer with safe haven
donate to safe haven


community outreach

community giving
outreach ministries
land use


events

upcoming events
church calendar


about

about the disciples
ministers and staff
for visitors
give

special offerings


open and affirming statement
facilities rental


contact
give
healing prayer ministry


























									worship with us!								

									no matter who you are you are welcome in our church on sunday mornings								

















									make music with us!								

									music is a joyful part of our worship - learn more about our choir.								














welcome to first christian church!

first christian church of falls church is an open and affirming congregation. we openly welcome persons of all sexual orientation, gender expression, socioeconomic status, family configuration, age, national origin, race, religious or non-religious background, and physical or mental condition. we embrace all people at any point in their faith journey and recognize each person’s spiritual gifts. we proclaim god’s inclusive welcome to the communion table, and affirm that full and equal participation in the life and leadership of our church is open to all. we seek to continue to learn and grow in our efforts to be a movement for wholeness in a fragmented world.
6165 leesburg pike falls church, va  22044  703.532.8220 office@fccfc.org
our theme this advent is words for the beginning!
music sunday is december 15 at 10:15 am- come and sing familiar carols as our choir along with brass lead us in worship. 
christmas eve candlelight service (including communion) is december 24. pre-service music begins at 6:30 followed by worship at 7:00 pm 
you are invited! 
morning worship services begin at 10:15 – there is a children’s time in worship followed by children’s worship. nursery care is offered! 
greetings!  do you want to be part of a community of seekers where questions are welcomed and encouraged?  are you looking for a safe place to worship? you are welcomed and wanted here!
we are an open and affirming congregation in the seven corners neighborhood of falls church, virginia.  we invite you to join us for sunday morning worship at 10:15 am in person at our location on leesburg pike.  you can also worship live online at www.facebook.com/fallschurchdisciples or www.youtube.com/user/firstchristianfc/videos. 
archives of recent services are available at the same links.
our mission is to be and to share the good news of jesus christ, witnessing, loving and serving from our doorsteps “to the ends of the earth.” (acts 1:8) 
know that you are a beloved child of god!










						true community					

						get to know your neighbors					









						christian spirituality					

						join us for worship					









						passion for justice					

						serve with us					








recent sermons 
		there are no sermons to show.	



upcoming events





safe haven day shelter


					february 20, 2025				

					12:00 pm				








sala evangelica hispanic worship


					february 23, 2025				

					8:30 am				



recent anthems


you can listen to our most recent anthems on our youtube channel.


go to youtube

















6165 leesburg pike, falls church, va 22044


											office: monday – friday, 10:00 am – 3:00 pm										



703-532-8220 







more info
directions








						view full site					

						view mobile site					




							© 2025 first christian church. 
						



















