


play better golf with golfinstruction.com






































 



















golf instruction 



 

 
 
 



home 
					| feature stories 
					| women's golf 
					| junior golf 
					| golf schools


 










 






full swing  
					| driving  
					| putting  
					| short game  
					| trouble shots  
					| quick tips  
					| golf fitness  
					| alternative instruction 
					| video








golfers need to learn ball flight laws for maximum swing self-correction

to improve your swing, you must know why the ball does what it does in flight. that way you at least know what really caused the errant shot and perhaps can make the correct fix. you must understand the simple ball flight laws.... full article »



a positive from a negative: mike bender's benderstik golf training aid

pay close attention to those practice swings


 
 
 






full swing
driving
quick tips






pay close attention to those practice swings

students ask all the time if they should take a practice swing or not. in response, i ask if they do in fact partake in this all important facet of the game. the answer usually comes back "sometimes." that's like admitting we would "sometimes" like to hit a good shot.... full article »



what the pga tour pros know: the importance of having an effective pre-shot routine

get the message: hit the golf ball farther by 'texting'

for better results, bring feel to the golf course, not thoughts



more swing tips ... »







keep on plane while driving and hit longer, more accurate tee shots

if the golf club gets a little under or above the plane line as it approaches impact - without being excessive - that is acceptable, writes instructor andrew rice. but if you are under the plane line approaching impact, you will be hitting pushes and hooks; too far above the line and you will be hitting pulls and slices.... full article »



10 golf tips to help you maximize your distance off the tee

power upgrade: tips on hitting the golf ball with more authority

suffering from a fade or slice? here's why (plus, a tip that can help)



more driving tips ... »







why your golf game's not improving (and two tips that can help)

ah, the frustrations of golf. you practice and things just don't seem to change. why? b.j. hathaway, one of the leading junior golf instructors in the southeast and one of the top mental game coaches in the country, offers two suggestions that will get you on the road to better golf.... full article »



how to flop it like tiger woods on the 16th hole at the memorial

five easy steps for fixing your slice

lower your golf scores without changing your swing



more quick tips ... »









putting
short game
trouble shots






want to save strokes with your short game? keep your left wrist flat

the majority of golf strokes occur near or on the putting green, but many golfers have no concept of how to hit a basic short shot in golf, whether it's a putt or a chip. pga professional chris czaja offers a wrist tip that will improve your short game.... full article »



short-game guru stan utley: wrists and rhythm are key around the green

improve your putting with the nick faldo-tested thumb pointing drill

improve your putting skills with sklz putting aids



more putting tips ... »







how to flop it like tiger woods on the 16th hole at the memorial

tiger woods' dramatic chip-in on the 16th hole at at muirfield village was undoubtedly the shot that led to his 73rd victory on the pga tour, a momentum grabber, an attention getter and a glimpse of the tiger of old. it was also a shot that was ridiculously difficult by even his standards. so how did he hit the shot that makes mere mortals break into a deep sweat? here are the steps you need to use to learn the tiger flop ...
... full article »



for better results, bring feel to the golf course, not thoughts

golf lessons with a pga professional can help improve your short game

want to save strokes with your short game? keep your left wrist flat



more short game tips ... »







how to flop it like tiger woods on the 16th hole at the memorial

tiger woods' dramatic chip-in on the 16th hole at at muirfield village was undoubtedly the shot that led to his 73rd victory on the pga tour, a momentum grabber, an attention getter and a glimpse of the tiger of old. it was also a shot that was ridiculously difficult by even his standards. so how did he hit the shot that makes mere mortals break into a deep sweat? here are the steps you need to use to learn the tiger flop ...
... full article »



curve your ball, control your golf game

greenside bunker shots: using the sand to your advantage

eliminate the skull shot while chipping - forever



more trouble shots tips ... »



 

 



featured video of the day




instructor charlie king on getting the right club-face angle

this video lesson covers what reynolds golf academy instructor charlie king calls "golf's no. 1 tip for hitting the ball to the target" - club-face awareness. unlike the equipment in other sports, the face of the golf club is small. the slightest variation of club-face angle can send the ball soaring out of control. king offers drills to improve club-face consistency.... full article »












fitness
alternative






phil blackmar demonstrates a simple stretch for improving golfers' flexibility

phil blackmar goes through a helpful stretch that will strengthen your hamstrings and increase your flexibility, which will eventually lead to an improved golf swing.... full article »



tips for undoing the damage of jet lag on your golf game

some quick tips for improving golf flexibility

doctor notes that flexibility exercises may or may not help golfers



more fitness tips ... »







a good golf swing is music to the ears with the sonic golf system-1

sonic golf system-1 - which essentially measures speed and rotation of the golf club and translates it into sound - can help you instill good rhythm in your golf swing, which is an important element, whether your tempo is fast, slow or in between.... full article »



struggling with your putting? try a symple solution

simple golf: getting a whole lot better in just one day is symple

disabled golfers fight for accessibility and acceptance



more alternative instruction tips ... »






 

 



 
 








 





 








 receive our latest golf tips by e-mail!

enter your email address:



syndicatedelivered by feedburner






 








 

 





			© copyright 1995-2025 worldgolf.com 
		

































