









home - la connection comedy theater

























































home
schedule
auditions
rent the theatre
hall of fame
way back when
alumni
laccomedy on you tube
mad movies online
dub-a-vision
store
 


select page


  
 
 












since 1977 the l.a. connection comedy theatre’s mission has been to perfect the art of improvisation. to inspire, train, develop and nurture talent of all ages through rehearsals and weekly live performances.
our goal is to create a community of performers, who develop their talents in a supportive setting. a safe environment of trust, support, growth, and freedom allows our performers to showcase their individual talent in a group dynamic.
the lac will continue to expand our horizons in all areas of media to create opportunities for professional and amateur performers alike. we love to teach, we love to perform. we love to laugh. we love improvisation.

about our director:
kent skov founded the lac in 1977. skov was a member of the committee in san francisco where he worked with del close. skov has worked with second city founder paul sills and academy award directors marty pasetta, lou horvitz and don mischner. skov is a member of the dga,wga and sag/aftra. he worked on many late night variety shows including dolly parton, rick dees and alan thicke. skov was the mastermind behind the cult hit dubbing series mad movies that ran for 7 years on nick at night, mtv and syndication. a book is coming out about mad movies. skov was nominated for a cableace award for “best comedy special” on a&e network. skov has had deals with dick clark, syfy, fox, disney, universal, abc, nbc, a&e and mgm to name a few. currently skov has 3 series in development with mpptv producers of ghost stories on a&e. lac is offering a 4 week introductory class in improv and some students may be asked to join the performance groups. skov has trained will ferrell, matthew perry, and josh groban.
kent skov also offers private 1-0-1 coaching for aspiring actors and comedians. 
please call (818) 710-1320 ext. 1 for pricing information or email kent skov at kentskov@aol.com
production partners and clients 
l.a. connection produced shows partnered with or aired on:


corporate clients:
nbc, toyota, xerox, general electric, tribune broadcasting, disney, universal, northrop, edison, yoplait yogurt, hughes electronics, intel, bain, kushgames, activision, california prunes, starpower, southern california cable association, kaiser permanente, baxter pharmaceal, landmark theaters, price pfister, radar institute, upjohn, pads software, city of hope, girl scouts of america, boy scouts of america, chrysler corporation, ymca.












facebook




x


3435 west magnolia blvd, burbank, ca 91505 | 818-710-1320 













