


















profile group - 360° recruitment solutions















































































menu











companies

employee value proposition
plug and play recruitment campaign
externalized recruitment​
executive search
on-site recruitment – rpo
management of the contingent workforce – msp
talent assessment
recruitment process coaching
recruitment software – ats


jobseekers

jobs
spontaneous applications
job coaching
my profile


jobs
about us
testimonials
resources

articles
e-books
webinars


contact



en

nl
fr
en



 
 





















experts in recruitment


helping you get chosen









helping companies






helping jobseekers



























						a partnership to win over talent 


profile group has been advising and helping companies find and recruit the right talent for over 30 years. but things have changed dramatically and the major question is now “how does a company get chosen by their preferred candidate?”
our focus is to help you optimize every part of the recruitment process (from your side and ours!):

to ensure that you are able to generate interest and desire to join your organisation
to give you full access to the whole candidate market: active, passive, our database and even freelancers & consultants
to help, advise and work on your behalf approaching candidates with real interest and a dialogue to match their career aspirations with your company and the role profile
to help you optimise your recruitment technology in order to engage top talents in a powerful way

we guarantee a quality service that helps your company manage a high-level recruitment process that delivers in the long run: 99% of the candidates placed by profile group remain in their position long term.
here are the recruitment services we offer:


employee value proposition
recruitment marketing
externalized recruitment​
executive search
on-site recruitment – rpo
contingent workforce recruitment & management – msp
talent assessment
recruitment process coaching
recruitment software – ats
























































what we focus on 





listening
listening to understand your challenges and propose solutions.











being agile
being agile to adapt ourselves to your needs and not the reverse.











working together
working together to impact performance – yours and ours.














key facts about profilegroup 




more than 30 years expertise in recruitment
3 offices in belgium – brussels, antwerp & liège
more than 40 recruitment experts
organised in 6 business units to cover all recruitment needs
a database of 350.000 candidates
an average of 110 active job postings at any time of the year
the most advanced recruitment software, loved by recruiters and by candidates
a dedicated it development team in asia

















what our clients say
















rachel crepin - chief hr officer
amélie pecquet - talent acquisition & development manager - sprimoglass


“profile group is a company whose values we share and which advocates listening to the client, quality of service, availability, partnership and benevolence. benevolence is really the watchword, and this, with all profile group interlocutors. ”

























marielle combe
director of operations - ccre-cemr


“what were the recruitment challenges you had for the exec search mission you asked profile group to assist with? as it was a high-level recruitment in communication, we thought it would be best to get the assistance from an outside agency. the purpose of the recruitment was to replace a communication person that had been in place for 17 years, but we felt that the level of communication in the organisation was very weak and not appropriate for an organisation our size. we therefore needed help to confront our expectations and receive practical support for this recruitment. we exchanged on the job description in great details, putting meaning behind each word. how has profile group answered these challenges? emma has been our point of contact for many years. she knows us very well, she took the time several times to visit us in our offices, to take the pulse of the organisation, get a feeling of our corporate culture, understand what was important for us regarding the soft skills of the candidates. we were able to follow the different stages of the recruitment, from the launch of the ads to the reception of the candidates and the first screening. we know that when we receive the cv of a candidate, the person has been screened, interviewed in great details and that references have been taken. what appeals to you in profile group’s service?
”






















laura delcroix
training & recruitment manager - st gilles gillis


“talentfinder = agility, reactivity and professionalism.”

























pierre scoriel
supply chain, infrastructure & utilities - univercells


“nathalie’s interpersonal skills and expertise make her surprisingly effective. as a client, i appreciated the quality of her service, the accuracy of her assessments and her transparency in her actions.
”






















delphine
kicker in chief (or managing director) - kickcancer


“hr is probably the most complicated thing for small teams - the wrong hires will mar the whole work atmosphere. the profile group really helped us to make our team grow with the right people with the kind of mindset we were looking for. we really owe them part of our current success.”

























daniel clef
senior sales & service manager/country manager belgium luxembourg - hiab


“i particularly appreciated nathalie’s holistic approach from the very first meeting. right from the start i was given all the information i needed to project myself into the future, and this enabled me to get straight to work when i met the company. nathalie also managed all the appointments and provided the necessary feedback step by step until the employment contract was finalised. if the opportunity arises, i won’t hesitate to contact nathalie again to find my future colleagues.
”
























						empowering your future 


you are actively searching for a new opportunity or you are simply not satisfied in your current role? profile group is here to help. not only we deal with around 450 placements every year but we are always on the search for great talent wherever that talent is.
if you join our database, we will take the time to listen to you and understand what drives you. our aim is to find the job that fits your needs and not the reverse.
if you look for a job, consult here below our active job offers.
if you are selected, our team will also be happy help in coaching you in:

writing your cv
preparing for a job interview
preparing for the negotiation for your salary package
your onboarding in the new company

here are our services for job seekers:


our active job offers
sponateous application
job coaching
































helping you achieve your career objective 





listening
listening and understanding what inspires and motivates you, and providing practical advice to help define what your next job and company could be.











being agile
optimisation of your process, create a great cv, transparent feedback to help improve you interviews, help to negotiate a contract.











partnering
follow through – we are looking for long term results and will recontact you after 3 and 6 months to ensure you are happy in your new job. 99% of our candidates say yes!














key facts about profilegroup 




the only company in belgium offering all the solutions regarding recruitment
more than 30 years expertise
more than 40 recruitment experts
3 offices in belgium – brussels, antwerp & liège
a database of 350.000 candidates
an average of 110 active job postings at any time of the year
the most advanced recruitment software, loved by recruiters and by candidates

















join the club!

















“
thank you for your very professional approach and for the very constructive discussions. i am already looking forward to the exciting challenge with my new employer.
”
















“
i would like to thank you for everything.  
thanks to you, i gained insight into my own abilities and took the step to participate. a heartfelt thank you.
”




















“
profile group also managed all the appointments and provided the necessary feedback step by step until the finalization of the employment contract.
”
















“

engaging with emma waites has been an absolute pleasure. throughout the recruitment process she showed high professionalism and was extremely methodical in assessing my skills and competencies. she communicated clearly and showed genuine interest to understand my professional goals and expectations. she was kind, supportive and available to answer questions. i would recommend her without any hesitation.

”




















“
i have been in contact with several recruitment agencies over the past year but profile group is, in my opinion, the most human and friendly i have come across.
”
















“
my experience with profile group has been very positive. overall, the recruitment process was very transparent and well organised. i appreciated having profile group as a “neutral broker” between me, as a candidate, and the recruiting organisation.
”































set up a dialogue with a recruitment expert




contact us!




 













linkedin
facebook
youtube







flanders
meetdistrict berchem - the link 2
posthofbrug 6-8 bus 5/163
2600 berchem
03 257 10 61
antwerpen@profilegroup.com





brussels
bld louis schmidt 54
b-1040
02 732 01 75
profile@profilegroup.com





wallonia
avenue blonden 40/011
b-4000
04 349 06 64
liege@profilegroup.com





nivelles
chaussée de nivelles 62
b-7181
+32 67 64 47 60
nivelles@profilegroup.com













© 2025 profile group. all rights reserved.

contact
disclaimer

















   























