


home - the columbus männerchor




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to your mailing list










member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel





















menu


 christkindlmarkt 2024home faq new member signup event calendar concert information contact us donations kinderchor nachrichten (weekly news)




















welcome to
the
columbus
männerchor





founded over 170 years ago by 12 young men, new americans, the columbus männerchor has become the nations longest continually active germanic singing society and social club.












north america's oldest
german language
singing society & social club












the choirs
 


 

the männerchor


born of humble beginnings, the männerchor (men's chorus) has stood the test of time. through prosperity and adversity, war and peace, the men have hung together with a unified purpose: to advance the knowledge and understanding of germanic culture, language, and of course, song. what began as 12 fresh immigrants huddled around 6 candles on a blustery october night in 1848 flourished as an organization where men from all walks of life could come together to raise a glass, and their collective voices, to honor the beautiful songs of the old country... and of the new. from that first tuesday night, and on every tuesday night since, the columbus männerchor has always striven to live up to their motto: "harmony - in song and in life - holds us together".



 


the damenchor


founded in 1931 by women who wanted to make their voices heard in columbus' art scene, the damenchor (women's chorus) has become a premier women's choir in central ohio. much like the men in 1848, many of these ladies were new to this country and wanted to have a piece of home to keep here. the damenchor is dedicated to keeping german music alive and well in columbus. the chorus has nearly 50 members and is always looking for more! the damenchor performs a wide variety of music. in addition to their german repertoire, the damenchor performs pieces from other european nations as well as well known music from the us.






 





the kinderchor


the kinderchor (children's chorus) was formed in 1969 by the männerchor, the germania and the swiss club to assist the growing number of children in our german community in holding on to their heritage. the kinderchor provides a safe, fun place for kids to sing, socialize, and learn a new language. of course the parents are always invited to join us for practice, and who knows, maybe they'll sing along!



 
 










social memberships

it's not just a choir
so maybe you aren't a singer. maybe you are, but just in the shower. maybe you just want to sit back, relax, and enjoy the gemütlichkeit. or you want to help support an art based organization that has been entertaining columbusites since before columbus had paved roads.
our social membership may be for you. social members have the same rights and priveledges as singing members, including access to our facilities, voting, discounts at valter's, and much more.












facebook feed
cbusmaennerchor/





 

news / updates


recent articles





 









 

upcoming events


upcoming events









calendar























home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 










