









home - kiwanis gadsden






























































join ushomeclub projectspancake dayflag programapplications & formsmembership formscholarship formyouth services grantcontact




 



welcome to the kiwanis club of gadsdenwhether you are a club member or looking to join the city’s oldest civic organization, we invite you to look through our website and learn more about the kiwanis club of gadsden.our historywhat we do.pancake daythe annual event takes place on the third saturday each february at the venue at coosa landing.learn moreannual flag displaythe gadsden kiwanis club will display a 3×5 american flag on your property for 7 events per year. learn moresponsored clubsthe kiwanis club of gadsden sponsors numerous service leadership programs across the gadsden/etowah county-area.
these programs amount for more than 1,000 members and well over 50,000 service hours in any given year.
in addition to these club’s own organized projects, slp members serve alongside gadsden kiwanians at many projects, most notably pancake day and the christmas parade.
the rich history and tradition of these sponsored service clubs leads them to be some of the most active in the alabama district, regularly attending district conventions and electing multiple members to district and international officesend us a message!questions? comments? or suggestions? feel free to send us a message!

name


first



last

email

messagecaptcha
  











δ



contact informationthe kiwanis club of gadsden
p.o. box 232gadsden, al 35902-0232gadsdenkiwanis@gmail.com




pancake dayflag programpancake dayflag programpowered by: lookout it

the kiwanis club meets most every wednesday at 12:00 noon at the gadsden museum of art, 515 broad street, on the second floor (excluding holidays).
the museum is next door to the cultural arts center and has an elevator.homeclub projectspancake dayflag programapplications & formsmembership formscholarship formyouth services grantcontact
 
 
 


























