















eura | eura























      skip to main content
    







eura























                                join
                        






login



search





open menu





close menu




















main navigation


home


about us


show menu






eura's people


what is eura?


vision & mission


rules of conduct


how to manage your profile




events


show menu






upcoming events


previous events


save the dates!




membership


show menu






our members


eura membership


membership types


current applicants and new memberships




quality seal


show menu






the eura quality seal


egqs qualified members


egqs training




education


show menu






mim learning


mim+ learning


mim fellowship case study


coaching approaches in mobility


online legal workshops


mim qualified students


eura briefings




publications


show menu






sustainability white paper


legal guides


the eurapean


glossary of terms


research


youtube channel


publishing with eura




contact



























zagreb 2025 - fully booked

                february 17th, 2025
    

our zagreb conference is fully booked.  for an outline of the programme please click on the link and a full programme will be available to delegates on the app at the start of march.

read more ...












legal guide 2024

                march 19th, 2024
    

our most up to date legal guide is online

read more ...












the coalition for greener mobility

                april 25th, 2023
    

for more information on this joint project go to www.greenermobility.org

read more ...












eura briefings

                january 31st, 2023
    

changes to the egqs online now
https://youtu.be/zoskrimswno

read more ...












new mim+ module

                june 15th, 2022
    

online now

read more ...











eura


eura is the professional industry body for relocation providers and affiliated services. as a non-profit organisation eura promotes professional relocation services.
we provide practical support and advice, training and best practice guidance for all of our members.
intercultural understanding, social values and information sharing are deeply ingrained in our dna. eura members are dedicated professionals who share our vision and values in helping create a better business environment.
use the search bar to find eura members or to learn more about a topic.






global quality seal
the eura global quality seal is the world's first accreditation programme for relocation providers and is open to all full, associate and worldwide eura members.





mim & mim+
the managing international mobility (mim) training programme was launched in 2013 and is online in the eura academy, free to access for all eura members.




tweets by @eura_relocation



recent articles


19 may 2023

housing market rental situation in bengaluru in india
 bengaluru, also known as bangalore, is a bustling city in southern india, with a booming economy and a vibrant culture. it is considered one...

read more ...



15 feb 2022

situation in ukraine: the view of ordinary people to russia-ukraine tention
 we know that nowadays a lot of attention is focused on ukraine or, more accurately to say, on the events that may unfold in ukraine. before...

read more ...









what is the mim programme?

the managing international mobility qualification (mim) starts with four fixed syllabus modules. now online and open and free to access for eura members more...

read more ...





the eurapean - winter edition

the next edition of the eurapean will be online in december. there is still time to submit your contributions!  read the last edition

read more ...





the eura youtube channel

our youtube channel features up to date interviews with members all over the world as well as many filmed sessions from past eura conferences - dive in a take a look! 

read more ...





eura's guide to gdpr by gordon kerr - eura's strategic consultant for legal services

gordon kerr has written a comprehensive guide for eura members to explain the main practical implications of the gdpr.
there is no charge for eura members

read more ...





eura's guide to legal compliance

gordon kerr, eura's strategic consultant for legal services, has written a comprehensive guide for eura members to stay compliant with the law when operating.
this guide is free for all eura members.

read more ...





mim+ "coaching approaches in mobility" programme a online now!

we have revised, updated and renamed the eura / oxford brookes relocation coaching programme, which is now "coaching approaches to mobility - cam" and....
it is now online, for free on the eura academy!

read more ...





how to publish with eura

the new eura website allows members to share their most important business insights on our home page and articles newsfeed. if you would like to publish an article with eura - which may then be featured on our home page as well as in our overview of articles - then please read on here.

read more ...





how to manage your profile

logging in to the eura site allows you to manage your personal profile, book conference tickets and follow our online training sessions. it’s easy managing your profile and company listing. please click 'read more' to access our detailed 'how to manage your profile' manual for eura members.

read more ...









eura relocation
                meadowside, pottery hill, wattisfield
                diss ip22 1nh
                united kingdom
            



contact us
+44 (0) 1379 640883























subscribe to our newsletter

name



e-mail



subscribe





eura gdpr policy
eura privacy policy
eura cookie policy

                website by open up media
            



















