







































peanut butter & jelly dance company
dance that sticks to the roof of your feet!


menu
skip to content
dance company

about us
performances
workshops
residencies
reviews
past performances


small feets
classes

registration for classes – 2019-2020 school year
activities
location
schedule
calendar
what’s new
teacher
policies and rules
dance education


contact us
support pb&j
 




pb&j dance classes for kids







th4f141 





th4f142 



 
 
classes1 



 
 
classes2 



 
 
classes3 





classes4 









youth performing group small feets dance co







nwdpbjsf 



 
 
sf1 



 
 
sf2 



 
 
sf3 









professional company pb&j dance co





 
 
company3 



 
 
company1 



 
 
company2 









 





first light festival news



peanut butter & jelly dance company has created two short dance films for brookline’s first light festival      thursday, december 3-10 
this is ” zoomeography“. it was created from movement filmed only on the zoom platform.  click the title  to watch on youtube.

this is “social distance made simple”. the dancers are from lynn modell/making dances and the pb&j dance company. we were just noodling away from each other….  click the title to watch on youtube.



			this entry was posted in uncategorized on november 13, 2020 by jeanne traxler.								




pb& reminds you to vote!



our #dance the vote film!




			this entry was posted in uncategorized on november 3, 2020 by jeanne traxler.								




pb&j latest notes:



‘fall into dance’ is fallen!
because of the necessity for physical distancing* in the current pandemic.
dance at home with your family!

*dancing is the opposite of physical distancing; we learn to work closely, safely, and joyously with our classmates and friends. now is the time for dancing solos in the backyard or the living room! join us for a zoom dance session on dec 3rd at 5:30pm (see above)
we look forward to dancing with you when the circumstances permit in the future!

 first light celebration november 2019   in the sprint store window in
coolidge corner, 301 harvard st, brookline 




			this entry was posted in front, uncategorized on february 5, 2014 by jeanne traxler.								


post navigation
← older posts








proudly powered by wordpress









