








home








































































































































 






 





skip to content






 












 


search for:








homethe lodgefishingwildlife viewingwing shootingpackages & pricingcontact us employment



 




 






 





 




home 
welcome to wildman
wildman lodge, an alaskan wilderness fishing lodge nestled between the bering sea and the gulf of alaska, invites a wide range of outdoor pursuits. located 500 miles southwest of anchorage on the alaska peninsula, we are a fly-in only destination.
our unique location provides easy access to fishing, wilderness exploration and big game hunting. whether casting a line in pristine river waters, immersing oneself in the untouched beauty of the alaskan peninsula, or embarking on a thrilling hunting exploration, wildman lodge offers an exceptional gateway to adventure and the wild.
what our clients say

after 7 days here i must say that any and all concerns have been erased and replaced with all wow’s – wow! what fishing. wow! what great pilots. wow! what great guides. wow! what great hunting. wow! what awesome cooks and housekeeping staff. wow! what great bird dogs. and last but certainly not least, what great owners and hosts!
dale - texas
i wanted to take a moment to thank you and your staff once again for making our trip to wildman a success as well as a whole lot of fun. we left feeling that we were very lucky in this life to have experienced our time with you.
bill - wild outdoor adventures television
i had a very memorable visit to wildman lodge with my husband and truly rate it was a five-star experience. my first hint that this was the place to be was that the majority of the other guests were repeat visitors.
sidney - texas
sarah and i want to thank you for a memorable, fun, and action-packed week. both of us had some reservations about the trip because neither of us is an excellent fly caster. we are very happy that we came to wildman lodge. it was an amazing experience.
arn & sarah - washington
you have a great staff, and it is very evident that you choose your employees to meet your standards of integrity! we had a great time, and thank you all for being so patient with all of us.
diana - texas
we had an absolutely fabulous experience on our king salmon trip. i have been on over 25 freshwater alaskan salmon trips and have never had comparable service (guiding, dining, accommodations, etc.) . your complete staff deserves my best recommendations.
nick - nevadaheaven on earth
we enjoy showing our guests a very unique wilderness that remains untouched, where the fish and wildlife are as prolific as they were when we first came to this frontier. our team prides itself on creating unforgettable memories and experiences for our guests.









close product quick view×


title
















 
 
remote is our playground.
about
wildman lodge is a remote wilderness fishing lodge on the pristine alaska peninsula.
contact
info@wildmanlodge.com
(830) 522-4947 (call or text)
partners
wildman tours
© copyright  | wildman lodge - alaska wilderness fishing lodge | all rights reserved

 
 
page load link















go to top






