







myrtle beach golf packages & vacations | myrtlebeachgolf.net























































quick quote












tee times

golf only specials



area courses

myrtle beach golf courses
course guide
myrtle beach golf course map



golf packages

stay & play packages
top golf packages in myrtle beach
golf package quick quote



where to stay

hotel directory
hotel locations


golf blog



















for the best packages and latest news:




leave this field empty 








thank you for counting on myrtlebeachgolf.net to deliver the best options in myrtle beach tee times and myrtle beach golf vacations! we offer preferred access to the top golf courses in myrtle beach; just browse our most popular golf-only packages, golf & lodging specials and single-round tee time deals below to get started.
need help finding a course location? check out our myrtle beach golf course map to help make your planning even easier!




myrtle beach golf packages





customize your own package by choosing any available myrtle beach area golf course. with over 80 courses to choose from you are sure to get a package that will meet your needs.. 
see packages





choose 4 rounds from 21 great courses along the grand strand and receive a $100 gift card per player!
see packages





buy 3 rounds and get 1 free plus breakfast, lunch, and 2 beers are included at the courses each day!
see packages





playing 5 of the most popular courses on the strand. with challenge, beauty, and value; you simply can't go wrong!!!
see packages





this 4 round special is opportunity to play 4 of myrtle beach's top 10 courses. this package will leave you breathless! 
see packages





play 2 or more rounds at some of the best courses myrtle beach has to offer. early booking discounts and free same day 9 hole replays available!
see packages





the waccamaw golf trail. the low country's finest courses! save an additional $5 per round when you book 2 or more rounds!
see packages





the myrtle beach golf trail is 3 or more rounds of the best golf along the grand strand. stretching from from rivers edge in shallotte nc to wachesaw east in the low country of murrells inlet sc.
see packages





play 2 rounds or more on your choice of 22 courses for extra savings.
see packages





book 3 or more rounds of golf from your choice of 8 great courses and receive a $30 gift card to logan's steakhouse per player.
see packages






"how can i find the best golf deals near me?" the answer is simple with 48 hour tee times!
we specialize in offering discount golf tee times at dozens of award-winning courses throughout the myrtle beach area - as much as 50 percent off the regular price! and whether you're looking for last-minute golf deals on single-round play or need to book a multi-round getaway in "the golf capital of the world," 48 hour tee times puts the best myrtle beach golf options easily within your reach.
check out our spotlight golf packages below. 











stay & playgolf packages
we have a large variety of stay & play golf packages in myrtle beach that will provide you with play on some of the finest courses that the area has to offer. play on premier courses located just minutes from where you'll be staying (at our oceanfront resorts with pools, hdtvs and hot tubs!). it doesn't get any easier than this and you'll get a great rate on both your accommodations and your game!
view packages




golf onlypackages
'golf only packages' are groups of courses with combined, discounted rates, normally not including accommodations. golf lovers know that when they're looking for a vacation that's both relaxing and exhilarating, they'll have a great selection of myrtle beach golf only packages to choose from. we can supply you with the most popular packages in the area, with or without accommodations!
view packages




booktee times
reserving tee times on our myrtle beach courses is easy. by using myrtlebeachgolf.net you'll find local golf courses and tee times. you can choose packages, courses, dates and timeswith ease. tee times are available ala cart on any of our courses. plan ahead or give us a call for last minute tee times! no matter what, we can find an open tee time that will suit you and on a course you will love.
book now












call us:
1-877-705-2295



address:
300 n ocean blvd
north myrtle beach, sc 29582


sister websites:

myrtlebeachseasideresorts.com
teetimecentralonline.com









copyright © 2025 myrtle beach golf. all rights reserved. privacy policy.
website design by intercoastal net designs

















