




department of geography, cambridge

























skip to primary navigation
skip to content








study at cambridge


about the university


research at cambridge









search site























home






study at cambridge




undergraduate


courses


applying


events and open days


fees and finance


student blogs and videos








postgraduate


why cambridge


qualifications directory


how to apply
fees and funding
frequently asked questions







international students


continuing education


executive and professional education


courses in education






about the university




how the university and colleges work


history


visiting the university


term dates and calendars


map






for media


video and audio


publications


international cambridge






news


events


public engagement


jobs


giving to cambridge






research at cambridge





for staff


for current students


for alumni


for business


colleges & departments


libraries & facilities


museums & collections


email & phone search










you are in:  home


department of geography










about

about  – overview
latest news
events
equity, diversity and inclusion
decolonising cambridge geography


undergraduate study

undergraduate study  – overview
why geography, why me?
course guide
teaching and learning
dissertation
field trips and fieldwork
diversity in geography
students’ perspectives
how to apply
careers
what is a director of studies?
student profiles
cam. uni. geographical society
open days
a week in the life at cambridge
common questions and some answers
suggested reading
learning resources for sixth-formers
videos
contact us


postgraduate study

postgraduate study  – overview
mphil study
mphil in anthropocene studies
mphil in conservation leadership
mphil in geography
mphil in holocene climates
mphil in polar studies
how to apply (mphil)
phd degrees
open days
studentships
environmental science phd topics
advice – demystifying postgraduate research admissions
videos about postgraduate study
current phd students
visiting phd students scheme
post-doctoral research
contact details


research

research  – overview
vital geographies
infrastructural geographies
geographies of knowledge
biogeography and biogeomorphology
climate and environmental dynamics
glaciology and glacial geology
interdisciplinary research organisations
publications
research seminars
post-doctoral research
distinguished international visitors
reading groups and workshops
postgraduate research
visiting scholars scheme


people

people  – overview
academic staff
professional services staff
research staff
college staff
phd students
active retired staff
visiting scholars
visiting scholars – applications
vacancies


library

library  – overview
reduced contact services
remote access resources
opening hours
library guide
electronic dissertations
library tour
accessibility and disability
map library
exhibitions
bibliographic information
daily journals list
collection development


facilities

facilities  – overview
aerial photography collection
audio-visual facilities
it resources
laboratories and field equipment service
library
map library


philanthropy

philanthropy  – overview


alumni

alumni  – overview
alumni newsletters and magazines
keeping in touch
alumni events
engaging with geography
alumni benefits
photos and history


contacts

contacts  – overview
general enquiries
how to find us
staff contact details
webmaster





















undergraduate study in geography









postgraduate study in geography









research in the department of geography









vital geographies









climate and environmental dynamics









geographies of knowledge









biogeography and biogeomorphology









infrastructural geographies









glaciology and glacial geology






 















undergraduate study
geography is one of the most exciting subjects to study at university. we live in an interdependent world caught up in chains of events which span the globe. we depend upon an increasingly fragile physical environment, whose complex interactions require sophisticated analysis and sensitive management.
read more












postgraduate study
the department has a large community of postgraduate students. many are working for the phd degree, awarded on the basis of individual research and requiring three years of full-time study. the department of geography also runs a range of masters/mphil courses.
read more











people in the department
the department’s staff publish regularly in hundreds of separate publications, and attract research funding from a wide variety of sources.
read more









research groups
research in the department of geography, arranged across six thematic research groups and two institutes, covers a broad range of topics, approaches, and sites of study. our expertise, individually and in collaboration, is both conceptual and applied.
read more









 latest news




phd student marina melanidis awarded king charles iii coronation medal
10th february, 2025
 
phd student marina melanidis has been awarded the prestigious king charles iii coronation medal for her "significant contribution to canada or to a particular province, territory, region or community of canada, or have made an outstanding achievement abroad that brings credit to canada".
marina is an exceptional young scholar and advocate who has launched two very successful youth-led ngos (youth4nature and climate guides) focusing on nature-based solutions and climate action, given youth a voice on the international stage at several high-level conferences and conventions.


julie morin 'highly commended' in the cambridge awards for research impact and engagement
5th february, 2025
 
the department is delighted to announce that julie morin was 'highly commended' in the cambridge awards for research impact and engagement. julie's commendation was based on her 'volcano voices' project.


professor rachael garrett is named as a "highly cited researcher"
4th february, 2025
 
the web of science group, a clarivate analytics company released its annual list of highly cited researchers in december 2024. the list identifies scientists and social scientists who produced multiple papers ranking in the top 1% by citations for their field and year of publication, demonstrating significant research influence among their peers. the award recognises researchers whose exceptional and community-wide contributions shape the future of science, technology and academia globally.
professor rachael garrett was named a highly cited researcher in the cross-field category.


exciting news from cri!
4th february, 2025
 
we're thrilled to unveil our brand-new logo for the conservation research institute! 🎉
this fresh design represents our commitment to innovation and growth as we continue advancing our research and activities to protect global biodiversity. 🌍💚
with this new logo, we look forward to further strengthening our identity and connecting with all of you in meaningful ways. we hope you love it as much as we do!
a special thank you to lillian bixler for her exceptional design work—your creativity truly brought our vision to life! ✨

view all news




      

related links


scott polar research institute (spri)
uoc conservation research institute
campop
cambridge coastal research unit
intranet




seminars, workshops and lectures



18th february 2025:world-making / -breaking: towards a political ontology of rhythm. details…political ecology group meetings
18th february 2025:reconsidering the southern european household: wealth, credit and servanthood in central sicily, 1584-1623. details…graduate workshop in economic and social history
19th february 2025:the rio trio: climate, biodiversity and desertification and the path to 2030. details…cci conservation seminar series
19th february 2025:progress in the pipeline: cholera, politics and the waterworks revolution in germany.​. details…the cambridge group for the history of population and social structure - seminar series
19th february 2025:reconstructing levels of volcanism in the late pleistocene. details…quaternary discussion group (qdg)
20th february 2025:arctic-europe relations: a case study of inter-regional co-construction and its geopolitical impacts. details…scott polar research institute - polar humanities and social sciences ecr workshop
more seminars…











about

search
contact us
^ top





colophon

about this site
site privacy & cookie policies






 







login with raven


 

page last updated:29th january 2025 by webmaster










© 2025 university of cambridge


university a-z


contact the university


accessibility


freedom of information


terms and conditions







study at cambridge


undergraduate


postgraduate


international students


continuing education


executive and professional education


courses in education







about the university


how the university and colleges work


visiting the university


map


news


events


jobs


giving to cambridge






research at cambridge


news


spotlight on...


about research at cambridge










 



