



arthur 'mr. podunkian' lee 





















































blog
about
games
art
music
press
links







blog




mayhem triple soundtrack
posted by mr. podunkian at 4:30 pm on april 12, 2013 


for the past couple of weeks, i’ve been helping fellow developer, dustin gunn (creator of sombreros) wrap up his decade old project, mayhem triple, by getting my freaky deaky on and putting together this epic 14-track soundtrack.
it was no easy task scoring a game that’s ostensibly about bunny invasions, dick-bots, illuminati, and time travel, but considering the always-bordering-on-the-edge-of-complete-tastelessness of the source material, i felt i had a free pass to be pretty idgaf-y about it. that, in addition to the stupidly fast pace i was pooping these songs out, manifested itself in some of the most high energy, abrasive music i’ve ever written. expect lots and lots of orchestral hit.
my main source of inspiration this time around was the game edf 2017 (a game, unsurprisingly, about giant alien insects invading earth), mixed with some of the spaghetti western sound of my previous work with sombreros. i also did a lot of experimentation with electronic beep-boops this time around (though admittedly, i’m not brave enough to venture outside of the built-in presets), which you’ll hear in a lot of the later tracks that take place in the technodrome-like bunny mothership.
anyways, hit the “more” link below for browser streamable versions of each of the tracks, or click here to download the entire soundtrack in a single, nice package.
 (more…)


comments (23) 




puzzle monsters
posted by mr. podunkian at 11:44 pm on january 31, 2013 


for the past week, i’ve been taking a game idea of mine and turning it into a real thing. imagine pokémon had a baby with puzzle bobble and they did high fives over a little baby league of legends/dota and you’ve got a pretty good idea of my new game, puzzle monsters plays.
as i said, i’ve only really worked on this game for a week now, so it’s woefully incomplete and it’s probably going to break in every imaginable way, but i think it’s fun, and i hope you guys have fun with it too.
i’ve only really implemented the basic game systems here — eventually i want to add a monster collection aspect, as well as monster growing and everything. hopefully you guys will enjoy the game and maybe (just… maybe) if it does well enough, i’ll get a kickstarter for it or something going on.
anyways, enough jibber jabber, visit the puzzle monsters site for download links and more information!


























 


comments (14) 




escape from puppy death factory soundtrack
posted by mr. podunkian at 11:29 pm on august 27, 2011 


at long last, and in response to overwhelming public demand, i’ve put together a free downloadable soundtrack to escape from puppy death factory! again, a super special thanks to adult swim games for giving me the chance to make this game, and for being 100% completely cool with me putting this soundtrack up to download for absolutely free. obviously they’re really, really cool guys who deserve a non-stop perpetual high five machine. oh, and in case you haven’t played the game itself, click here already.
after “the jump”, you’ll find the individual tracks themselves, playable right in your browser. technology is great!
 (more…)


comments (42) 




escape from puppy death factory
posted by mr. podunkian at 1:50 pm on july 21, 2011 


after a million years, my new game has finally come out. introducing escape from puppy death factory, a game that has you playing as a dog from outer space who has returned to earth to rescue a bunch of puppy dogs from a mysterious facility whose purpose is kind of spoiled in the title.
the game started off as a collaboration between glen forrester and i and was a spiritual successor to his previous game, ssshifty, and features a familiar block swapping mechanism. though the partnership was dissolved amicably over creative differences, i continued to develop the project on my own, introducing a redder-esque exploration element, and tons, and tons of puppies.
the game was created for adult swim, who were an absolute joy to work with. i’ll write more on the game later, but for now, you can click this link to play the game!



















 


comments (40) 




old things from a game you haven’t played
posted by mr. podunkian at 3:26 am on june 10, 2011 

