





remax platinum brokers – southern oregon real estate





























































home 
about 
listings

map search 
residential property search 
commercial property search 


for buyers

mortgage calculator 
common questions 
for sale by owner 
buying a foreclosure 
buying a short sale 
get preapproved 
how much do i qualify for? 
for mortgage services 
what to offer 
home inspections 
home warranty 
moving 


for sellers

common questions 
home valuation 
am i priced to sell? 
free home evaluation 
how long to sell my home 
facing foreclosure 
facing a short sale 
home improvements 
moving 


our team 
careers

the brand 
our marketing tools 
lead generation 
our technology 
training 


 






 2594 e. barnett rd., suite b | medford, or 97504 | 1-541-734-5500

 



  



  



  



  

property management
news
contact us
 






























remax platinum
real estate from a different perspective
medford, oregon
















 

















 






search by map










 






looking to buy










 






what’s my home value?










 






property management















featured listings



 















testimonials







what a gem you have in stacy mead!
i just wanted to take a moment and let you know what a gem you have in stacy mead. she has made our home buying process easier than we could have ever imagined, and should be commended for successfully helping us through our first purchase.


britney p.

medford, oregon









joelle mcgrew is extraordinary!
i just have one word for joelle, extraordinary! joelle recently helped us sell a home and buy a new one. her relaxed, easy going nature makes her a pleasure to work with. in her work and research she is highly energetic and works diligently for her clients to find them the right home.


shirleen h.

ashland, oregon









totally trust david to take care of me!
whether i am purchasing a personal home, investment property or leasing space for a business venture, david's pleasant "can-do" attitude makes all the difference during these transactions. i have great confidence in david as a broker, business professional, and community leader. it's wonderful to really trust your real estate partner." 


thomas w.

medford, oregon






















southern oregon real estate 
top real estate agents in medford, oregon it’s all about perspective at re/max platinum brokers in medford, oregon. our team of award‐winning realtors ‘see’ through the eyes of clients like you. that’s why so many people say we have many of the top real estate agents in southern oregon.
we listen carefully during the process of finding your dream home, or the ideal building or property for your start‐up or expanding business in medford, ashland, central point, jacksonville and beyond. our top southern oregon real estate agents also know how to position your home to sell quickly if that’s your goal. and yes, our team uses internet marketing and the most up to date real estate technology to create a positive experience whether buying or selling a home.
how to buy real estate in southern oregon the re/max platinum process starts with discovery. our high performing medford real estate agents enjoy hearing about your real estate dreams. they will then match you with houses for sale in the rogue valley or commercial properties available in southern oregon. we’ll also share with you about the southern oregon real estate market, by incorporate real estate technology, internet marketing, and real estate advertising to find you ex‐ actly the property your looking for. the re/max platinum process also gives access to our southern oregon mls listings so we can show you properties and homes for sale in medford, ashland, talent, phoenix, white city, eagle point, grants pass and other rural areas.






























 








© remax platinum brokers 2025 








location 2594 e. barnett rd. ste b
medford, or 97504

541-734-5500
 

connect with us 



 













 












