


arcticphoto - the leading stock picture library for pictures of polar regions





















galleries

arctic peoples
indigenous peoples of the arctic.


arctic nature & wildlife
landscapes and wildlife of the arctic.



climate change
polar regions are warming fast.



modern arctic
industry, communications and pollution are changing the arctic.



polar phenomena
ice crystals & light make amazing light shows, but best of all is the aurora



antarctic pictures
 antarctica, a continent for science, and wildlife and ice and history



warmer places
 sometimes it is good to go places where we don't need thermal underwear








   



welcome to arcticphoto
the arctic and antarctic specialists.

bryan & cherry published
                "forty below - traditional life in the arctic"
you can view and buy this book at
arctica publishing 



if you are looking for stock photography from the arctic or antarctica we can offer a fast and well informed service. with 50 years of experience in polar regions we have a unique collection of images backed up by extensive knowledge. if you need additional information contact us. bryan regularly travels to northern siberia, greenland, alaska, arctic canada and arctic scandinavia to document the lives of the native peoples who live in these remote places. the groups he has photographed include inuit, innu, cree, komi, khanty, nenets, dolgan, ngansan, evens, evenki, yakut, chukchi, sami, selkup, and yupik.
we are continually adding new pictures to our files. as well as our core collection of indigenous peoples of the arctic we have photographs that illustrate global warming, antarctica, norway, finland, sweden, the kola peninsula, svalbard, taymyr, yakutia, chukotka, yamal peninsula, snow and ice, landscapes, wildlife, polar bears, walrus, penguins, as well as ice roads, heavy industry, oil and gas exploration in siberia, tourism, pollution, weather and both the north pole and the south pole.
now you have the opportunity to search these images online on our new website, if you can't find the picture you are looking for, give us a call or e-mail to check we pride ourselves on offering a friendly and professional service.
our core collection
since 1971 bryan has been returning to live with different indigenous groups in the north, the depth of this photographic collection shows his enthusiasm and respect for the people and reflects the changes that have taken place during the past 50 years. without the hospitality and generosity of individuals within these different groups, many of the pictures on this website would not have been possible. over time we have extended our file of photographs to include the work of other photographers, many of them with the same dedication to polar extremes as we have ourselves.

latest project
during the past few years, bryan has been working  on a new project, ‘then & now.’ this has involved him revisiting a number  of the communities that he first worked in many years ago. he has  re-photographed people, some of whom were children when he first photographed  them, and has documented the changes that have happened in their lives and  communities.
if you would like to view individual sets of pictures, divided into geographical areas, click picture sets.





(mobile version of home page)



all images on this site are the copyright of arcticphoto 
	  and may not be reproduced without permission
copyright © 2020 arcticphoto
phone: +44 (0) 1863-766667
terms and conditions | privacy policy | copyright laws





home
about us
search
lightbox
order
galleries
polar info
contact us
help
 








search








