



	employee time clocks software, timesheets, icon biometric, lathem, acroprint, amano time clock systems




























home
about us
contact us
testimonials
policies and help
articles
shopping cart





                         



 
                
 
                
 
                    




brand
acroprint
amano
citadel
compumatic
detex
icon
isgus
lathem
linortek
pyramid
rapidprint
timepilot
uattend
widmer
style
bell timers
construction clocks
date and time stamps
affordable bell timers
lathem sonachron alternatives
payroll clocks
punch clocks
scheduled bell timers
self-totaling clocks
warehouse shift timers
watchman clocks
wifi clocks
wireless bell systems
other categories
time clock parts
time clock ribbons
work shift timers, bells
farm labor law clocks


all product categories

all articles
testimonials





 






payment 
		gateway
 




 

                

 
established 1991. 33+ years hands-on experience
more than a "store."  we are also a service center.
buy from professionals
 



 
 
 









web hosted systems


self-totaling time clocks


payroll clocks


biometric clocks



 
 
 
 









time clock parts


scheduled bell timers
			work shift bells


watchman clocks


 time cards,& badges



 
 
 
 




			 





date / time stamps


master clocks


punch clocks


wireless clocks



 
 
 
 



we are the original employee time clocks website
low web prices - fast shipping!     sams# 783625627/7he23
time clock emergencies:  we can ship next day air - just call us.
click here for the latest on daylight savings.
"lost time is never found again." benjamin franklin
source:  franklin, b. (1757). "poor richards almanack."
mission statement:  
our job is to make your job easier. we do this by providing comprehensive product information and over-the-top technical support, at the same time doing this at web-competitive prices.
we sell employee time clock systems, punch clocks, basic and custom designed work shift timers, and guard tour systems. we provide service (repairs), technical advice, and decades of experience. we are not cleveland time aka cleveland time clock. they recently closed.  our nearest service center is in albany, ny, just two days away by ups. we have service centers in jacksonville, florida and in albany, ny.  service, supplies, repairs, and new machines are just 1 to 2 days away by ups and fedex.
we can help you get beyond paper time sheets once and for all. we specialize in time and attendance systems; from traditional punch clocks to web hosted time clock systems by amano, uattend and citadel clock, master clocks, work shift timers, shift change bells, and guard tour systems, and many other employee clock-in systems. we sell time clock work shift buzzers. our selection of timesheet technology, time clock ribbons, rfid badges and time clock time cards are the best you will find.
office hours: 8:00 am - 6 pm, monday-thursday, 5pm on friday. our objective is to be the internet's most comprehensive source of time clock system information. we believe we have accomplished that goal. we update this website every day. we hope that by providing you with everything you need to know to make the right decision, that we will win your business.

cleveland time clock has closed.  we sell and service - we repair amano mjr time clocks, hand punch clocks, for cleveland area customers.  we have offices in albany ny and jacksonville, florida.  2 to 3 day shipping on amano time clock repairs to and from cleveland.  call us today.  they quit, we didn't, we want your business.
technical support:
we have personally tested these systems. we can also repair this equipment, including employee clock-in systems. look closely at the product descriptions. click on the links, print out pages and have discussions. we research the products and provide you with the details. call us. if we do not know the answer, we will conference you in with someone who does. we are on your side.
we have written our own custom installation and operation manuals for many time clock systems. if you ever have any follow-up questions about these products, even if it is beyond the warranty, give us a call.
we make on-site hand punch and amano mjr repairs in albany ny, saratoga springs, and that general region of ny.saratoga springs, clifton park, queensbury and warren, washington, fort ann, balston spa, burlington vermont, rutland, schenectady, and troy.  you can also ship these machines to our albany ny and/or our southeast office, saint augustine, fl.
we sell synchronized wall clocks and wi-fi clock systems
see our selection of master clocks, wifi time and attendance systems, web-hosted time clocks, remote time clock systems, employee clock-in systems, and more. we stock all these, plus biometric clocks, facial recognition access control clocks, self totaling time clocks, and time clock parts. 
time clock payroll exports:
our computerized time clocks export to .csv, adp, paychex, quickbooks, peachtree, paychex preview, sage, excel, paychex002, and others, including quickbooks for canada. call us if you do not see your export on the product information page. 
web hosted time clocks. 
our web hosted time clocks are easy to use and inexpensive to run. these powerful time clocking systems will organize your company! we stock the uattend time and attendance system. we sell and we repair, schlage hand punch clocks.
 
jobsite contractor clocks - construction clocks.are designed to work outdoors and remotely, like a remote time clock. many of them run on batteries. the citadel tablet time clocks, uattend smartphone app, amano pix25-a022 portable car/van punch clock, and timepilot portable contractor clocks do this.
run your business profitably  -  work with professionals.


 




our links  |  ecommerce website software








chat with us, powered by livechat









