






appreciative inquiry & leadership development | corporation for positive change



















































 










home
about us

who we are

leadership
our principals


how we work
what we do

coaching
consulting
development and training
speaking




positive change

appreciative inquiry
appreciation + inquiry = positive change
4d process
why appreciative inquiry works
appreciative leadership
five strategies of appreciative leadership


events
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 














catalysts of positive change












visit our youtube channel today!













corporation for positive change
is a network of master consultants,linked by a shared commitment to the principles and practices of positive change,appreciative inquiry and other strengths-based methodologies.
 
americas  |  asia  |  europe













positive change at work












we expertly apply positive change approaches to build on opportunities and meet challenges.
our work is broad.
from the everyday: unlocking the strengths, skills and capacity of people, teams and leaders.
to building legacy : helping organisations co-create the big picture through vision and aspirational goal setting.
 
learn more about our work













what does positive change look and feel like?












positive change
positive change is about making an intentional shift– from good to great, from ordinary to extra-ordinary, from business as usual to business as unusual.
what positive change means for your organisation will be different to every other organisation.from the everyday: unlocking the strengths, skills and capacity of people, teams and leaders.
to building legacy: helping organisations co-create the big picture through vision and aspirational goal setting.
so, where would you like to spark positive change in your organisation?
 
impact of positive change 
 







a jump in performance and engagement with people working at their best more of the time.
a fundamental transformation in the way your teams work together across departmental and hierarchy boundaries.
a measurable upgrade in your peoples’ well-being and happiness at work.



a clear and compelling vision expressed as aspirational goals that are understood across your organisation, and beyond.your ‘moon shot’.
a significant shift in culture that leads to people across your organization ‘walking the talk’ when it comes to values driven behavior.



a shift in creative and innovative thinking that gives you a competitive advantage in solving your client challenges.
a enhanced desire to lead and take responsibility, right across your organisation.
a proactive building of resilience developing strategies to deal with the tough times – so your teams can bounce back quicker and more effectively.











delivering positive change










consulting for positive change

our primary focus is to work with clients to co-create and facilitate the delivery of positive change.
 
we have experience in delivering positive change and other strengths-based approaches.
appreciative inquiry     open space     theory u process     simulation & gamification     positive psychology
learn more about positive change approaches
 
contact us

learn more about positive change











positive change knowledge sharing










building capacity for positive change
we provide a range of ways for leaders, managers and change professionalsto build knowledge and skills.
 








workshops & courses
we hold workshops to share knowledge and develop skills; both externally run, and in-house workshops for clients.








speaking
we are available to speak about positivechange at corporate events and conferences.













our partners










working from our strengths





our partners work locally to help our clients improve results within their geographic and functional arenas.we also work globally, supporting clients with projects of international scope, engagement and positive impact.



we are skilled designers and facilitators of high engagement, strength-based, large-scale change.
we help with the human side of organizing, strategic change, and culture transformation in businesses, non-profits and ngo’s, health care, education, government and religious organizations.





we provide consulting services and workshops in dutch, english, german, italian, mandarin and spanish/catalan.
learn more about our partners














lets start a conversation about positive change in your organization










positive change starts here…
no matter who you are, where you are, or what challenges you face, we can help you enhance engagement, develop leadership at all levels and achieve your goals.
to arrange an informal discussion please send us a message.

for our latest thinking and news about positive change follow us on social media.

followfollowfollow



   



 








home
about us
positive change
events
contact us
 






facebook




x


©2025 corporation for positive change 








modal-check






                            dismiss ad
                        

this will close in  0 seconds











 









