





stanford free library — "today a reader, tomorrow a leader" – w. fusselman




































stanford free library"today a reader, tomorrow a leader" - w. fusselmanhome
about us

board of trustees
library policies
annual reports to the community
this is my library!
long range plan


hours & location
fun for kids
library catalog

search library catalog
check your library account
advanced search
home access
downloadable audio & ebooks
online magazines
reference & research links
old catalog search


check your account


our lobby and community room exhibit
doumaverse  –   collin douma / visual artist
to see more, stop in the library to see his display.
march book club

join us monday, march 10 at 1:00 pm 


march’s selection is “the glassmaker”


by tracy chevalier


 

please register via email:  stanfordlibrary@optonline.net
read to therapy dog jambo
tuesday, march 11
from 4:00 pm – 5:00 pm
he’s a gentle giant who loves to make new friends.  people of all ages are welcome to come and visit with him.  sign up for a 15 minute slot with jambo.
read the article in the new pine plains herald about jambo!
jambo — the ‘love sponge’ — brings canine comfort to stanfordville library
sign up for a 15 minute slot with jambo by contacting the library at stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or 845-868-1341
stanfordville supper club
wednesday, february 12 from 6:00pm – 7:00pm
explore new foods and share a meal with friends.february’s theme is a chocolate tasting/share
bring a chocolate dessert, bars, or chocolate infused dish to share. 
beverages, paper plates and bowls, plasticware, name tags and food signage will be provided.
registration not required.
chair yoga
friday, march 14 from 1:00 pm – 2:00 pm
this is gentle yoga with a chair to support and aid seated and standing postures.
registration required:  stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or 845-868-1341
life on the icesaturday, february 15 at 12:30 pm
cancelled
melissa coggeshall will speak about her “life on the ice” while living in antarctica.
melissa has amazing stories and insights about her trips to antarctica that she will share with us.  melissa will show us the clothing she wore and speak about what it is like to live on the ice.
registration appreciated, but not necessary:  stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or 845-868-1341.
yo-yo club and lesson with marc smith
monday, february 17 from 4:00 pm – 5:00 pm
4th grade and up
this hands-on session with marc smith will introduce you to different types of yo-yos, including fixed axle, responsive, and unresponsive styles.
no prior skills are needed. yo-yos will be provided, but feel free to bring your own if you have one. this event is open to 4th graders and up.
space is limited, so please register early.  stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or 845-868-1341.
swedish death cleaning: debunking the myths & getting started
saturday, february 22 at 1:00 pm. 
presented by colleen ashe, certified professional organizer and certified specialty & senior move manager
honestly, you will not die from reading about or acting on the swedish tradition of “death cleansing”. come take a seat and learn the secrets behind this practice. colleen will debunk the scary myths and give you smart strategies to start your own decluttering journey in 2025. you (and your loved ones!) will be glad that you took this first step!
registration required: stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or 845-868-1341
virtual screening: butterfly in the sky 

join us for a special virtual screening of butterfly in the sky, a heartwarming documentary celebrating the legacy of pbs’s beloved reading rainbow, just in time for the end of national library lovers’ month.
“for 26 seasons, pbs’s reading rainbow met young viewers in their living rooms, whisking them away on far-off adventures into the boundless world of books. with the help of celebrity narrators and nine-year-old book reviewers, the show’s iconic host, levar burton, brought real-life lessons and honest conversations to life in a way we had never before seen on screen. despite ongoing funding hurdles and new public school testing standards, burton and the show’s creators held tight to their authentic, down-to-earth approach to fuel kids’ lifelong love of reading. inspiring and nostalgic, butterfly in the sky tells the tale of a revolutionary reading movement. reliving the show’s legacy is a refreshing return to the written page. but you don’t have to take our word for it.”  – amy brown
sponsored by the dutchess county library association.
sign up link
just for teens
friday, february 28 from 6:00 pm – 8:00 pm
attention teens!  we want to hear from you!
come join us for a teen social on friday, february 28th from 6:00pm – 8:00pm.  we’ll socialize, eat pizza and dessert, and work together to plan future teen events.  what are you interested in?  3d printing?  card games?  rubiks cubes, yo-yo’s, or speed stacking?  crafting with cricut machines or button makers?  making hot cocoa bombs?  video production? a book club? making homemade soap? bullet journaling? game nights? friendship bracelet making?  tie dye techniques? jewelry making? trivia nights? sewing?  we want to know!you’ll be able to see what your library has to offer by sampling a few activities and letting us know what you’d like future programs to be, all while meeting some other teens.  we want to schedule future events based on what you are interested in.  join us!
most importantly, stay in the loop about all of our upcoming teen events by joining our teen programs email list. be the first to know about fun activities, special events, and more!sign up today! stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or 845-868-1341
introduction to qigong 
thursdays from 5:30 pm – 6:30 pmwith therese balagna
why consider the practice of qigong?empower yourself/ improve your physical and mental healthcreate a state of balance/ strengthen your will power
registration required stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or 845-868-1341
homeschool stories and steam workshops
students in grades k – 3
thursdays, 12:45 pm – 1:45 pm  (new time)
and/or
homeschool steam
 
water color workshopusing the basic watercolor techniques
a flat wash, graded wash, wet-in-wet or drybrush
first, third, and fifth tuesday of each month
1:00 pm – 4:00 pm
we will be happy to provide guidance but this is a watercolor workshop not a watercolor class.
supplies are not provided, a list of needed materials is available at the library.  call or stop in to register 845-868-1341
storytime
stories   songs   free play
tuesday mornings
preschoolers (age 3 – 4)9:30 am – 10:15 am
toddlers  (age 18 months – 2 years)10:30 am – 11:15 am
babies (birth – 18 months)11:30 am – 12:15 am
registration required stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or 845-868-1341literacy connections
ofrece clases de ingles – gratis!
cada lunes 6:00pm—8:00pm
todos los niveles son bienvenidos!
examen y registro son gratuitos.
para registrarse o para asistencia inmediata por favor llame a al 845-868-1341
literacy connections
free classes for english language learners!
every monday 6:00pm – 8:00pm
all levels are welcome!
to register or for more information,
please call  the library 845-868-1341
knittingfirst, third and fifth thursday of the month
from 7:00 pm – 8:30 pm

come for knitting, tea and conversation.
all levels welcome
advanced knitters will teach beginners
for additional information call 845-868-1341

brain games
every thursday, 10:30 – 12:00 pm 

calling all seniors! 
join in the fun and laughter of our “brain games”  

fun, stimulating, invigorating word games, board games, card games, conversation and laughter!
register via email stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or phone 845-868-1341
hope to see you, or perhaps someone you know would enjoy coming! 
mahjong for intermediate players
fridays from 10:00 am – noon
come and play mahjong with this fun, friendly group.
please call the library to register.  845-868-1341
yoga with mia
saturdays at 10:00 am in the community room
there will be no yoga class on saturday, january 4.
bring your own mat.
one time waiver form must be filled out prior to your first class.
registration is required every week. stanfordlibrary@optonline.net or 845-868-1341
class size is limited to eight.  
check these out!
we have two different types of backpacks for you to check out:  an insects exploration backpack and a nighttime exploration backpack.
the insects exploration backpack contains:  1) petersen first guide to insects; 2) petersen first guide to caterpillars;    3) petersen first guide to butterflies and moths; 4) dual purpose observation container; 5) port-a-bug field observation container; 6) student insect net; 7) 4x/6x two-way magnifying viewer; 8) take-along guide to caterpillars, bugs, and butterflies; 9) everything bug: what kids really want to know about insects and spiders
 
the nighttime exploration backpack contains:  1) planisphere: two-sided, 8-inch, 30-40°; 2) moon gazer; 3) take-along guide to planets, moons, and stars; 4) skywatchers: folding pocket guides to the night sky, the moon & weather (our living earth series); 5) night creepers; 6) wait till it gets dark: a kids guide to exploring the night; 7) constellations know-cards; 8) redsight pro red led flashlight; 9)celeston cometron 7×50 astronomy binoculars
 
for more information go to https://www.dutchessland.org/get-involved/events-and-programs/nature-exploration-backpacksthese backpacks were made possible by a learn, play, create grant from dutchess county.
check these out!

check these out!
we now have pickleball and tennis rackets and balls to borrow!
try them out on the new courts at stanford recreation!
 
check these out!
ukuleles and lots of games to borrow!  
battery recycling
the “big green box” has been replaced with a big white bucket but everything is still the same. we are pleased to offer a certified alternative for recycling batteries and small electronics. you can now bring in your old batteries and portables devices such as cell phones, tablets, tv remotes, garage door openers and more.  we can also take cell phone and laptop accessories such as chargers, charging cords, and earbuds. 
did you know?
the stanford free library offers free delivery of materials to homebound patrons living in stanford!  this free service is available on a short-term or long-term basis for library patrons who are unable to visit the library either temporarily due to illness or accident, or permanently, due to age, disability, or other mobility problems.  materials are delivered by library volunteers at a time that works for both the volunteer and the patron. 
if you, or someone you know, is interested in home delivery please contact christa for more information. 845-868-1341 or email stanfordlibrary@optonline.net
stanford free library is now fine free!no more late fees!
stanford free library is no longer charging late fees for overdue books, movies, audiobooks, or cds!
beginning on march 2, 2020 items checked out at our library will no longer incur late fees.  this policy does not extend to overdue museum passes or overdue materials borrowed from outside of the mid-hudson library system.
you will still be billed for non-returned, lost, damaged, or stolen items.
board of trustees meeting – second tuesdaythe library board meets the second tuesday of every month at  7:00 pm.
the public is welcome to attend.




                         
 






 library hours
closed december 24, 25, 31
closed january 1, 2025
monday – friday 9:00am – 7:00pm
saturday 9:00am – 2:00pm
contact information
stanford free library
6035 route 82
stanfordville, ny 12581
phone: 845-868-1341
fax: 845-868-7482
email: stanfordlibrary@optonline.net
https://stanfordlibrary.org
www.facebook.com/stanfordfreelibrary


check your library account
please login here

catalog quick search












 


get a library card!
i want to register online

libby
libby, by overdrive
borrow ebooks, audiobooks, and magazines to read on your phone or tablet using the libby app by overdrive. you can even send and read your borrowed ebooks to your kindle ereader! it’s free and easy to get started for new users and a streamlined experience for current overdrive app users. 

transparent language
we are excited to announce that we now offer transparent language online free to all library card holders. whether you’re starting at the very beginning with a new alphabet or you’re an intermediate learner looking to enhance your vocabulary and grammar knowledge, transparent language online can help. available for learning 110+ languages, plus english (esl) materials for native speakers of 30+ languages, the program has something for everyone.

what’s all the hoopla?
stanford free library card holders can now instantly borrow ebooks, audiobooks, comics, music, and more, 24/7 with their library card!
for mobile devices, go to your device’s app store and install hoopla digital.  for pcs, click on the hoopla image.

creativebug
creativebug.com has thousands of award-winning art & craft video classes taught by recognized design experts and artists.
creativebug is your go-to resource for high-quality, on-trend arts and crafts instructional videos. use your library barcode and pin to set up an account and start creating today! 

romance book club
unlimited and unrestricted access to a curated collection of romance ebooks whether it be contemporary, historical, time travel, paranormal or inspirational, you will love to read about love at romancebookcloud.
username: tumble2020
password: a3b5c6

kanopy
access to over 30,000 films.

home access
these resources have information you cannot access through a typical internet search.

daybyday
daybydayny is a website for young children and their families featuring a daily calendar with different activities, songs, and books every day.

suggestion_box

stanford free library enewsletter
sign up to start receiving our monthly newsletter.

  



copyright © 2025 · lifestyle pro theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in











