



	home - hickman advertising specialties, inc.


























































































office location







206 w pecan street
coleman, tx  76834



phone: (325) 625-4728


e-mail: hickmanadv@verizon.net










sign in


|


create account









homeproduct searchtop searchespenstumbleryetisunglassespenwater bottleplaying cardsowalakoozielanyardlanyardslip balmtote bagsnotebooktote bagbg100mugsockscoffee mugbandanatop categoriesawardsbagsbandannasblanketsbottlesgolf accessorieshand sanitizerskitslanyardsmicrofiber clothsmouse padspet itemsstoolssunglassestote bagstravel mugs and cupswristbandsproduct collectionspatriotic productsback to the beachschool storebreast cancer awarenesscomputer accessoriesholiday giftsfood & drinkemployee recognitionabout uscontact usmorenews & videos




















apparelt-shirtspolossweatshirtsjacketsbagstote bagsbackpackslunch coolersshopping bagswriting instrumentspensstylus penspencilsmarkerstech itemsusb drivespower banksbluetooth itemsspeakersdrinkwarewater bottlesmugstumblerstravel mugs










error




search
 



search all products




price from $

-

price to $




go
























 
 






polosdress shirtshoodiesjacketstote bagsbackpackscaps & hatsapronsuniformsblanketsshop all



welcome!looking for promotional products?  you've come to the right site!  whether you are looking for a specific item or just browsing for ideas, our site is your one-stop source.read more












all events page

trade show
golf tournaments
gift ideas
flu prevention
holiday gifts
bar & restaurant opening
political campaigns
charity runs & walks
employee incentive program
employee wellness program
real estate program
health & fitness
sports program
school fundraiser
state fairs
wedding events
see all events












product of the day









13"w x 16.5"h drawstring non-woven bag
cpn-561214094
draw more visitors to your tradeshow booth or promotional display when you hand out these super-useful, logo drawstring bags! measuring 13"w x 16.5"h, each non-woven 80 gram bag features water-resistant polypropylene coating and comes in several color choices. they are the perfect size to fit into many different spaces and are a dependable option for anyone who want to pack essentials and take them anywhere. with a one color imprint included, you can create an item that is great for campus events, charities, fundraisers, swim clubs, travel agencies and much more!
$1.33 and up







timeless t-shirts

the industry’s most widely purchased item is a classic for a reason.

t-shirt sales accounted for more than $4.5 billion in industry revenue in 2023, according to asi’s most recent state of the industry report, making it the biggest product category by a wide margin. and for good reason – companies from every vertical use branded t-shirts to stock company stores, give away at events and show off branding on a larger canvas than a pen. here are six of the most popular tees in the branded-merch industry.




the comfort colors adult heavyweight t-shirt is made from 6.1 oz. 100% ringspun preshrunk usa cotton. with comfort colors’ brand support for environmental and humanitarian causes through the gildan community investment program, it’s a great tee for community events or school fundraisers.




ideal as an elevated event t-shirt, the district very important tee offers ultimate comfort with 4.3 oz. 100% combed ringspun cotton. with a slim fit body and rib-knit neck, it’s available in dozens of colors to match company or project branding.




crafted from 4.5 oz. 100% ringspun preshrunk usa cotton, the tultex fine jersey t-shirt offers durability and long-lasting color through reactive dying. available in sizes up to 5xl and manufactured in a smeta-certified facility. perfect for the restaurant and hospitality industries.




the gildan softstyle adult t-shirt is semi-fitted with a high stitch density for smooth printing on a variety of color options. made from a ringspun cotton jersey knit and quarter-turned to eliminate a center crease. a great pick for sports team merchandise.




with a large 12” x 12” imprint area, this bella canvas unisex half sleeve t-shirt offers extreme softness from its 4.2 oz. 100% combed and ringspun cotton fabric. think sports and outdoor activities as spring approaches.




combining the comfort of a tee with the protection of a hoodie, this versatile long-sleeve hoodie tee is made from 100% microfiber performance polyester. it offers upf50+ sun protection and a sublimation-friendly fabric that’s well-suited for coastal brands or college giveaways.



read more



asi orlando 2025: product showcase winners

as suppliers unveiled new products at asi orlando to kick off 2025, distributors had the chance to vote on their favorites.

as the first industry trade show of the year, asi show orlando was a way for suppliers to kick-start the year by revealing their unique new offerings for 2025, and for distributors to scope out what could be the hot new item of the new year. at the show, attending distributors had the chance to vote on some of their favorite products advertised in the asi orlando product showcase in six categories, from “most unique” to “most fashion-forward.” here are the winners.

most unique: the fast eddie belt buckle



make a statement at your next corporate golf outing or charity tournament with the fast eddie belt buckle. the beveled buckle unsnaps to reveal a hidden ball marker and divot tool/bottle opener, customizable with your logo. each includes leather belt strap.

best in technology: the camera detector 



spot hidden cameras effortlessly with this camera detector. when its light hits a miniature camera, a red-light reflection is visible through the filter window or eyeglass. perfect for use in hotel rooms and rentals, and an ideal promo item for security firms or travel agencies.

most fashion-forward: fully custom, made-to-order golf shoe



step up your golf game with customizable golf shoes that blend style and performance. personalize three panels with your favorite colors or a unique logo, and choose between sleek black and red or modern clear bottoms. great for pro shops, sports apparel stores or golf teams.

best eco-friendly product: the 100% silicone water bottle



the 30-oz. silicone silih2o water bottle is made from 100% food-grade silicone, making it durable and versatile. features include a snap-down, leak-proof top and a keyring notch, plus it’s dishwasher, microwave and freezer safe. ideal for fitness centers or schools.

most fun: the polar sunset outdoor blanket



this 60" x 72" blanket is made from 100% polyester and features a quilted polar sunset design. it rolls up into a self-carrying case with a water-repellent hunter green lining and a beige flap with hook and loop attachment. perfect for outdoor events or camping trips.

most useful: the ogio court sling



head to the pickleball court with the court sling bag from ogio, the official bag of the professional pickleball association. made from 600d recycled rpet poly, it features padded pockets for two paddles or tech devices, making it ideal for clubs or tournaments.



read more



convenient water bottles

gift practical promo from one of the industry’s top categories.

with the rise of “it brands” like yeti, hydro flask and stanley, drinkware has become a must-have promo item for end-buyers across markets. and industry sales show it; the category made up 10.7% of promo sales in 2023, according to asi’s annual state of the industry report – more than double its percentage in 2011. these water bottles are functional and fashionable picks for your next promo drinkware campaign.




perfect for outdoor enthusiasts, this 32 oz. basecamp bottle is ideal for camping, backpacking, hiking and more. crafted from tritan bpa-free plastic, it features a wide mouth and screw-on cap.




the ringo magnetic insulated water bottle not only keeps beverages at the perfect temperature but also holds a phone magnetically. whether empty or full, users enjoy a complete 90-degree range to capture content, follow workouts or make video calls. dishwasher-safe for easy cleaning.




featuring a sleek stainless-steel base and cap, this 22 oz. tritan water bottle is designed for convenience. it includes a handy loop for easy carrying or strapping to a bag. available in trendy colors, this bottle is the perfect hydration solution for those out and about.




crafted from durable stainless steel, the 32 oz. dri duck rover water bottle is designed to keep both the user and their furry friends hydrated – simply detach the base to reveal a pet dish, ensuring water is always within reach.




featuring double-wall insulation to keep drinks at the ideal temperature, the tervis venture bottle offers a versatile two-in-one versa lid with both a drink-thru spout and a straw spout. designed for convenience, it includes a push-button opening for one-handed operation and a safety lock to prevent spills.




a sleek and functional masterpiece, this 18 oz. double-wall stainless-steel bottle keeps hot drinks warm for up to 12 hours and cold drinks chilled for up to 24 hours. crafted from recycled stainless steel with a matte finish, it features bamboo and gunmetal-finished accents.




the rivers bottle combines style and functionality with its beveled silhouette and powder-coated finish, offering a sleek look despite its large 32 oz. capacity. features an easy-to-carry handle and a button-push pop spout that locks. made from double-wall 18/8 stainless steel.




perfect for use in the office, gym or any destination, this 40 oz. double-wall bottle features a twist-off lid and preserves ice for hours, ensuring drinks stay refreshingly cold. its smooth, sleek design provides an elegant canvas to showcase any logo.




where innovation meets convenience, the 30 oz. silih2o water bottle is unique for its 100% silicone material. includes a snap-down, leak-proof top and convenient notch for keyring attachment. it’s bpa-free; nontoxic; and dishwasher-, microwave-, oven- and freezer-safe. great for education campaigns.




constructed with double-walled, vacuum-insulated 18/8 stainless steel, this 30 oz. bottle keeps beverages at the perfect temperature. featuring a screw-on lid with a convenient rotating carrying handle and built-in straw, it offers ultimate ease of use.



read more



















quick links



homeproduct searchabout uscontact us



popular categories



polosdress shirtshoodiesjacketstote bagsbackpackscaps & hatsapronsuniformsblanketsshop all









office location







206 w pecan street
coleman, tx  76834



phone: (325) 625-4728


e-mail: hickmanadv@verizon.net




























powered by asi. privacy policy and notice of collection     terms of service    

















