








home - tlc garden centers





































































this week at tlc








tips of the month








🇺🇸 10% military discount on regular priced items all year 🇺🇸














followfollowfollowfollow

our locations









aboutgarden clubtlc tipsplantsservicesgift cardscareers

careersapply today
contact







tlc flagship garden center - memorial
105 w. memorial roadoklahoma city, ok 73114(405) 751-0630
monday-saturday | 9am to 6pmsunday | 11am to 6pm






tlc northwest
8208 northwest expressway
oklahoma city, ok 73162
(405) 720-0091
monday-saturday | 9am to 6pm
sunday | 11am to 6pm




 














tlc garden centers
the growing know-how oklahomans trust





tlc has been the state’s most trusted nursery for more than 40 years because we don’t just grow and sell the best flowers, trees and shrubs around – we also back them up with our team’s proven gardening knowledge and experience, seven days a week.

tlc this week











search for:














tlc garden centers
the growing know-how oklahomans trust

tlc has been the state’s most trusted nursery for more than 40 years because we don’t just grow and sell the best flowers, trees and shrubs around – we also back them up with our team’s proven gardening knowledge and experience, seven days a week.

tlc this week











search for:














tlc is hiring! view our open positions

$







tlc this week














a tlc gift card always fitsgive your love the perfect gift!
available online and in store
buy gift cards online
























blooms of love!the long-lasting gift for your valentine!

orchids
azalea
kalanchoe
tulips
cyclamen
hyacinths
& much more!






tlc seminars & open house
events held each weekend february 8 – march 9
all seminars will be held at both tlc locations.

event schedule












pre-emerge nowsure green crabgrass & annual bluegrass preventer

$29.99 for 20 lb. bag
covers 3,500 sf

prevent weeds this spring
creating a beautiful green lawn












create a lush green lawn!a lush, green and healthy lawn adds beauty and value to your home!
see tips
























let's get dirty, okc!february is the best time to start your vegetable seeds for a bountiful harvest in spring!
huge selection of seeds!
come in and get your planters pride heat mat, peat pellets, and greenhouse kits. plus, we’ve got the best selection of botanical interest organic seeds to create a colorful and flavorful garden this year. and, don’t forget the basil!  
seed planting tips
















potatoes, onions and more!tlc has the best selection of seed potatoes, onion sets andonion plants.
planting tips







ready to grow?

we’re hiring!






flexibility

we understand your needs and work with you to find shifts that fit.







people

join a strong work family and help people bring home the joy of plants.









nature

sunshine and activity are natural mood enhancers; fresh air improves energy and stress levels.









growth

growth is our business, and that’s not just for plants. advancement opportunities available!







discounts

turn your own home into a garden oasis with our 20% employee discount.









benefits

comprehensive benefits for full-time employees: health, dental, vision, paid vacation, and a matching 401(k).









apply now!







explore our opportunities

tlc garden center managers are available at 105 west memorial road between 10am-3pm, mondays through thursdays to meet applicants, answer questions, and discuss our open positions. come learn how you can grow with tlc!

apply now













about us

tlc garden centers is one of the largest independent nursery, greenhouse and landscape retailers in the country. since opening in 1981, tlc’s mission has been to offer the highest quality plants and supplies at reasonable prices, employ knowledgeable and friendly plant professionals, and provide our customers with a unique shopping adventure. since 1996, tlc garden centers has been named a “top 100 garden center” by nursery retailer magazine, among other national and local awards.

apply now







if you love spending your days among plants and people, you’re going to love it here! check out our available positions.







open positions
tree and shrub sales associates
greenhouse associates
cashier

apply online









tlc tips
when it comes to planting and growing, we’re all thumbs – green thumbs, that is! we have many years’ worth of advice, tips, tricks and more to help get you growing.







february lawn & garden tips
read more

all tips of the month






planting trees & shrubsread morefirst year tree & shrub careread morebougainvillea careread more


view all tips





tips and tricks videos







video archive











buy tlc gift cards today!
purchase physical gift cards in-store or click below to easily buy e-gift cards.

click here







houseplants
with oklahoma’s largest selection of exotic houseplants, tlc is your one-stop-shop to fill your home with lush, air-filtering houseplants that are even more breath-giving than breathtaking!





houseplant care



















locally grown
since 1980, tlc garden centers has grown up alongside oklahoma city, blossoming from a single, humble store to two locations and more than 150,000 square feet of greenhouse space. here you’ll find not only ten acres of trees, shrubs, flowers, plants and accessories, but experts who are friendly, knowledgeable and eager to help you learn how to best care for plants in oklahoma’s challenging climate.

learn more















sign up for emails and get a 10% off coupon when you join the club!










 


















subscribe






you have successfully subscribed!












happy tlc customers






i've purchased several plants from here and they've all been healthy and happy. employees are knowledgeable and helpful. i live quite a bit away but this place is worth the drive.
falena via google








great people, great plants, great prices. thought i found a better price, when delivered the quality was sickly. i'll go to tlc first from now on.
anonymous via google








we were just going to look at trees and came across a couple that were a good deal. we were asked multiple times whether we needed any assistance and when we did they were right there and answered all our questions. awesome place! love it!
marj via google








such a beautiful place and the best employees. probably the most professional and caring people i’ve encountered in years; they made my day!
emily via google








huge greenhouse for outdoor shrubbery and indoor plants, to cacti and succulents. they have so much variety. a true gem.
m via google








this place is amazing. the selection is great, but what i was really impressed with was the customer service by all their employees. especially in the post-pandemic world of terrible service.
josh via google












 




 










followfollowfollowfollow





tlc flagship garden center - memorial
105 w. memorial roadoklahoma city, ok 73114(405) 751-0630
monday-saturday | 9am to 6pmsunday | 11am to 6pm






tlc northwest
8208 northwest expressway
oklahoma city, ok 73162
(405) 720-0091
monday-saturday | 9am to 6pm
sunday | 11am to 6pm














gift cardsservicescontactdonation requestwarranty

disclaimer: all items while supplies last. tlc is not responsible for typographical errors. product images are for illustration purposes only.







copyright 2025 tlc garden centers. all rights reserved.







 



































