













home | montgomery


















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



osu extension 

montgomery
https://montgomery.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences




montgomery county






menu





 

montgomery countyprogram areas4-h youth development4-h awards and opportunities4-h camp4-h club leader resources4-h news4-h online4-h projects and requirementsbecome a volunteerchickquestjoin a clubohio 4-h family guideagriculture and natural resourcesall about beesarboristhorticulturepesticide & fertilizer recertificationsoil testingcommunity developmentefnepcontact efnepgetting startedmontgomery county efnep informationwhat is adult efnep?what is youth efnep?family and consumer sciencesfood preservationfood safety traininghealthy financeshealthy peoplehealthy relationshipslive smart ohioreal money. real world.master gardener volunteers2025 calendar of eventsevents & seminarsmaster gardener application processsnap-edhow is snap-ed designed and delivered?partnering programswhat do participants learn?eventscalendarpast eventsnewsaboutcounty staffphoto galleryosu extension 

 





 




ohio state university extension


montgomery county






montgomery county office 


 580 calumet lane
dayton, oh 45417 
 phone: 937-224-9654 937-224-9654  
 


directions to montgomery county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - friday
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
*check for covid hours*
 
   

 

 




home
you are hereosu extension » montgomery county » home



 
osu extension montgomery county office hours:
monday - friday 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.

to make an appointment with one of our educators,
please call 937-224-9654. 
click here for more information.

 
 

 
 
 





county news



  
a day in the woods backyard maple production 

a day in the w 

ohio state waives application fees for regional campusesohio state waives application fees for regional campuses


the ohio state university is waiving its $60 application fee for first-year applicants who apply directly to one of its regional campuses, including ohio state ati, from oct. 1 to dec. 1, 2024.  
 


    more county news  

 



cfaes news




 how to safely store eggs and find alternatives amid rising prices  

 enrollment open for new improving weather and climate understanding in ohio online course  

 high school students invited to address global food security at the 2025 ohio youth institute  

 ohio 4-h spark expo returns to inspire the next generation of professionals   

 ohio state scientist unlocks natural, vibrant food color alternatives to red no. 3  

 strickler receives ohio state distinguished service award at 2024 autumn commencement   

 program to discuss leveraging the bioenergy potential of manure  

 growing the perfect christmas tree: ohio state researchers to launch new demonstration farm at cfaes wooster  


more cfaes news 
 

 





event calendar



there are currently no upcoming events.



    more events  

 

 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences





montgomery county office 


 580 calumet lane
dayton, oh 45417 
 phone: 937-224-9654 937-224-9654  
 


directions to montgomery county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday - friday
8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m.
*check for covid hours*
 
   

 

 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati









social media

montgomery county extension
osu extension facebook
osu extension youtube
 

 


2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 










