










    business management consulting firm | jc jones advisory services


































































skip to main content
















aboutteamservices

internal audit, risk and compliancedata analytics and it servicesprofit and performance improvementhigher education turnaroundtalent acquisition services
careerscontactatlantix partners 




clarity creativity results  business management consulting firm
jc jones is the place where value meets experience. invite our award-winning professionals to assist you in clearly identifying your opportunities, creatively designing solutions and rolling up our sleeves to deliver results!
 please see our updated announcement on covid-19
 internal audit, risk and complianceat jc jones we take a business-first approach to compliance balancing cost effectiveness with risk management.  our subject matter expertise in data analytics, cybersecurity, financial reporting, internal controls and business processes is complemented by years of business operations experience.  
learn more  profit and performance improvementto achieve measurable improvements, we employ a hands-on fact based approach combining a performance assessment process with strategic and action planning. we’ll roll up our sleeves and work with you as strategic thinkers and planners, tacticians, and change agents who leave you with a healthier and more profitable organization.learn more  data analytics and it servicesour experienced team of it professionals is more than just data scientists and cybersecurity experts.  our team includes it operational and pmo experience with system selection and implementation support.learn more jc jones areas of expertiseinternal audit outsourcingjc jones is a full service internal audit outsource partner, including data analytics, fraud/forensic audits, cybersecurity assessments, sox compliance, internal control testing and operational audit.  our client list ranges from large privately held companies to ipo registrants to multi-billion and multinational public companies. learn more about internal audit outsourcing  business process reengineeringjc jones helps clients in the public, private, government and non-profit businesses design and implement enhanced business processes.  integration of business processes with people and technology is critical.learn more about business process reengineering  cybersecuritytaking cybersecurity seriously is an imperative for every organization in this day and age. partner with a team of it security experts and take a proactive approach to protecting your organization's critical digital assets. learn more about cybersecurity  mergers and acquisitionsfrom planning and executing transactions to timely and effective integration jc jones brings experience and know how to help you drive greater value from your m&a activities.learn more about mergers and acquisitions  data analyticsjc jones helps companies realize the value of data analytics by going beyond individual data analytics projects and preparing organizations to better manage their data, develop internal talent for business intelligence, and provide ongoing guidance on the latest techniques in business analytics and data science.learn more about data analytics  sox compliancethe jc jones top-down, risk based approach to sarbanes-oxley (sox) compliance, coupled with our automated software solution, has a proven track record of providing substantial savings in compliance costs.learn more about sox compliance      
 m&t bank 
m&t bank
"jc jones is a unique resource.  as a firm focused strongly on driving measurable business performance improvements for their clients, they consistently provide their clients value far in excess of their fees."
paul moore, senior vice president, m&t bank

 rge and nyseg 
rge and nyseg
"jc jones provided strong project leadership for a large, multidisciplinary project. their focus and energy enabled us to achieve the project objective on time and under budget."
mark lynch, president and ceo of rg&e and nyseg
  rochester business ethics award    two-time winner: the m&a advisor deal of the year    two-time winner: turnaround management association - turnaround of the year    three-time recognized in the rochester top 100  











jc jones is the place where value meets experience



upstate ny office

1595 moseley roadvictor, ny 14564 telephone: 585-899-4072 


atlanta office

800 battery ave. se  suite 100atlanta, ga 30339 telephone: 678-383-2495 






contact us (footer)






if you are human, leave this field blank.


name
        




title
        *




email
        




company
        




recaptcha
        





submit







upstate ny office

1595 moseley roadvictor, ny 14564 telephone: 585-899-4072 


atlanta office

800 battery ave. se  suite 100atlanta, ga 30339 telephone: 678-383-2495 













© 2025 jc jones advisory services. all rights reserved.


privacy policy







designed and developed by















