



ironwood estate orchids

















 


                                                      
           






 wonderful, beautiful, wide variety of orchids for you
come to the greenhouse or we will ship to you when weather permits
 



       ironwood estate orchids is an orchid grower with several genera of orchids. 
	
	some of the 
	orchids we offer are:
 cattleya              
	     
	 phalaenopsis      
	
 dendrobium     
	     
	 oncidium           
	
 vanda                
	       
	 bulbophyllum    
	
 paphiopedilums
         species orchids   
	
 mounted orchids


 
         



sale orchids  
	 
	       
	
 others                 
	      pots                      
	 
orchids combined 
with our lovely containers make an excellent gift. 
  

	add an orchid to your 
collection from our variety of hybrids and
	species.
   


	enhance your quality of life with orchids from ironwood estate 
	orchids.          


  
	
	introducing people to our  
collection of orchid species and hybrids.
come to the greenhouse to be introduced to these delightful and amazing orchids
or contact us and we can carry you into the collection by phone / e-mail
	     
ironwood estate orchids lovingly raises 
	named orchid species and hybrids from around the world.  whether you 
	are an orchid enthusiast, 
	a novice, or just want to add beauty to your 
	business, home or event, 
	we can assist you with your orchid needs with our 
	quality orchids.
 


thank you to each of our customers! 
it is you who make this a business and a 
	wonderful experience.
we invite you to come to the greenhouse (by appointment) 
	and enjoy the ever 
changing
environment of blooms, 
	plant growth and orchid offerings. 
	dale and phyllis erikson 
	
	still growing and enjoying orchids after 
more than 35 years  
   
	



 let 
there be peace on earth 





 
	


	order / purchase can be made in person at greenhouse, by phone, or email at 

info@ironwoodorchids.com



call (828) 294-3950 or (828) 238-3604 
or email at 
info@ironwoodorchids.com

orchid classes 
	click here  
	new 2023 dates are 
	here !!!
i have an orchid. now what do 
i do with it?
learn how to grow, care for and bloom your orchids.
	we conduct 
	beginner and hands on repotting classes to help people be more successful in 
	growing their orchids.    
 




directions:
 
 from interstate 40 at hickory, 
	nc, take exit 123a.  go on highway 321 south to 
	exit 41, river road exit.  at the top of the exit 
	ramp turn left onto river rd.  go about 2 miles 
	to a t intersection.  turn right onto sandy ford 
	rd.  it is the 5th house on the left with the greenhouses behind our 
	home.  sign at 
	driveway for ironwood estate orchids.  

 3757 
	sandy ford rd. 

	 ironwood estate orchids is approximately one hour north of charlotte, nc.   from gastonia, nc take highway 321 
	north to the river road exit.  at the top of the exit turn left onto river rd.  
	go about 2 miles
	to a t intersection.  turn right onto sandy ford
	rd.  it is the 5th house on the left with the greenhouses behind our 
	home. 
	sign at
	driveway for ironwood estate orchids. 
 3757 
	sandy ford rd.     charlotte 
	is serviced by the charlotte/douglas international airport.          
	

	 
	 



 



     
	if someone cannot come to the greenhouse, we accept phone orders that can be 
	shipped.
	 
	at the greenhouse we accept cash, checks as well as master card and visa.  
	
	for phone in orders we take master card, visa, and checks.  
	the shipping charge to the customer is exactly 
	what the shipping cost is, plus $10 for boxing.  (more for very large 
	boxes)                          
	
	we look forward to providing you with some excellent orchids!

in our greenhouse there are orchids 
	in bloom throughout the year as well as young orchids that you can grow to 
	bloom. 
	also available are orchid supplies and various decorative pots.  

hours
	visit our greenhouse by appointment
	contact information:
	phone: (828) 294-3950
	email: 
	info@ironwoodorchids.com
	address: 3757 sandy ford rd., hickory, nc  28602


shipping is done as the weather / temperature allows
we have transitioned over to using federal express for shipping
shipping:  the shipping charge to the customer is exactly what the 
	shipping cost is, plus $10 for boxing.  (more for very large boxes) 








ironwood estate orchids is a member of the
american orchid society
see our ad in the current american orchid society orchid source directory


catawba county chamber of commerce   
		
ironwood estate orchids is a member of 
		the catawba county chamber of commerce since 
		2003



http://business.catawbachamber.org/list/member/ironwood-estate-orchids-hickory-3665




 


 
charter member of the catawba valley orchid society in 
		hickory, nc




	 


 
customers thank us for our help with them in choosing the right orchids 
	for their home.  we help them know what works in their growing 
	situation.
	people who come to the greenhouse also enjoy the variety of orchids that we 
	carry, showing them more of our variety than they see on our website.  
	
	and people appreciate
	the quality of the plants.
 
phyllis and dale have been growing 
	orchids for over 40 years.
	 
contact information for ironwood estate orchids
visit our greenhouse
	hours -
	variable hours - contact us for an appointment

telephone:  

(828) 294-3950
address  

3757 sandy ford road
hickory, nc 28602
e-mail  
 
		info@ironwoodorchids.com




please use 

perikson@twave.net 
for email right now  other one not working
request more information at


info@ironwoodorchids.com.
copyright © 2003-2016
ironwood estate orchids
last modified 1/25/2023
website designed by



