


treehouse books - how to build a treehouse by stiles designs.






















 


how-to-build
treehouseshuts & forts
by stiles designs
home page
stilesdesigns
press releases
other books
great links







how-to-build























 


treehouse tips!see below


purchase

now available







home page
memories
how to order
the authors
as seen on tv
reviews
email us





treehouse books



visit our backyard building websitefor more backyard projects!treehouses and more!





li'sdesignertreehouses



treehouse special
          order these 2 books and save $3.00.  
          purchase  
          check out








$19.95
purchase
check out


$17.95
purchase
check out


$14.95
purchase
check out




treehouses & playhouses shows the average homeowner how to build an inexpensive playhouse or fort on the ground, or a treehouse up in the sky.
      half of the book includes brand new construction tips and plans, describing how to build a treehouse.
      the other half includes detailed plans and illustrations for several different types of playhouses, including a pirate ship!
      


tree houses you can actually build describes how to build four treehouses using one, two, three or four trees (or two trees and two posts).
      each treehouse design contains step-by-step illustrated instructions and helpful construction tips for the first time builder.
      the book also contains a  section of full-color photographs of treehouse projects.
      


treehouses, huts and forts is filled with fun projects for kids and their parents to build in their backyard.
      it contains plans for building three new treehouse designs, including an "easy-to-build tree house" that can be built in one weekend.
      it also includes designs for building huts, forts, snow projects and accessories such as treasure chests and catapult.  
      




additional subjects covered include:
      lumber tips
      secret glue
      drawbridge
      zip lines
      pulley and basket
      tree expansion and movement
      flexible connections
      attaching beams
      the hobbit treehouse (cover photo)
      treeless treehouse
      shed/playhouse
      victorian playhouse


additional subjects covered include:
      where to build
      finding lumber
      safety
      braces
      rope bridge
      emergency escape hatch
      trolleys, pulleys, & swings
      railings and steps
      ropes & ladders
      tools
      tree movement


additional subjects covered include:
      nailing,  drilling & screwing
      tree injury
      platform framing
      beam spans
      rope lashings
      crow's nest
      steps
      junk hut
      lookout tower
      lean-to




sample pages fromtreehouses & playhouses




(click samples to enlarge)


sample pages fromtree houses you can actually build




(click samples to enlarge)


sample pages fromtreehouses, huts and forts




(click samples to enlarge)






let us design your treehouse
how we work
treehouse design
technical illustrations
custom plans for sheds and cabins
press releases







hobbit treehouse
more informationmoon treehouse
a-frame treehouse







stilesdesigns


david stiles:
          graduated from pratt institute with a degree in industrial design, taught architectural rendering at pratt institute, and has forty years experience designing and building treehouses.  he was awarded best playground design by the nyc planning commission.  his treehouse design was featured in architectural digest, june 2007.
        








david and jeanie stiles:
          have written 23 books on diy construction, including five books on treehouses. they have appeared on numerous tv shows including the nbc today show and discovery channel, building treehouses.
        




contact us







 



click here for other how-to-build books by stiles designs
all books and plans offered on this website are provided by stiles designs,orders paid through 2checkout.com will be sold by 2checkout.com inc. (ohio, usa).
    how-to-build treehouse books from stiles designswww.treehouse-books.com


 




