









your shopping appointment - airwavesf









































beauty
fashion
good plans
lifestyle
shopping
trends
 


select page


  
 
 














your shopping appointment

do you like shopping? then you’ve come to the right place! on this blog you will find articles about fashion and shopping.







our categories









lifestyle

in addition to fashion and trends, you surely want to get tips for everyday life. for every day, find tips and advice in our articles.





trends

trends in terms of shopping and fashion are very ephemeral. thanks to our articles, you will be able to know the latest trends and be always up to date!













beauty

taking care of yourself is important. your outer and inner beauty will make you a very stylish person.







popular outfits





























some tips

the importance of the size, if you are used to take clothes that are not in your size, necessarily, it does not work. always take clothes adapted to your size and your morphology. clothes should be neither too big nor too small. in order to bring out your style, dare to vary the pieces. assemble chic pieces to cheerful outfits. we all undoubtedly have a fetish piece that costs a small fortune in our dressing room. so you just need to know when to take it out. wearing a chic piece in the middle of a cheap outfit enhances the look and adds a little touch of high-end fashion.







latest news











50 shades of style: navigating the trends of sunglasses

by airwavesf | may 29, 2023 | shopping, trendsas summer approaches and the days grow longer, sunglasses emerge as the ultimate style statement, transcending their functional purpose of protecting our eyes. this fusion of fashion and practicality makes sunglasses a fascinating accessory. this article aims to guide...





quelques boutiques exceptionnelles de thé à bordeaux

by airwavesf | aug 12, 2022 | good plansdepuis plusieurs années, le thé demeure l'un des aliments plus consommés et commercialisés en france et ailleurs. ainsi, tout comme dans la ville parisienne, il existe également plusieurs boutiques bordelaises de renom. quelles sont...





erowz.com : why should you buy second-hand items online?

by airwavesf | aug 1, 2022 | good plansshopping online has become popular, especially on e-commerce sites like amazon, ebay and craigslist. these websites bring buyers and sellers together to trade in toys, furniture, mobile phones, clothing and other products. however, with the current inflation rate and...





7 top sneakers styles you should have in your closet !

by airwavesf | jun 4, 2022 | fashion, shoppingwhen it comes to footwear, sneakers are known to be the best and most affordable. also, they are casual, easy to wear, friendly and trendy. everyone irrespective of age, status and nationality has sneakers in their wardrobe. if this style is your forte, and you want...





how much should i pay for a cashmere sweater?

by airwavesf | mar 24, 2021 | non classétrendy sweaters and accessories on mahogany cashmere in 2021 do you need a one-stop sweater and accessories shop for your family? www.mahogany-cashmere.co.uk is your answer. the online store stocks multiple design sweaters for males and females, representing different...





top trends in 2021 for women that you need to try

by airwavesf | jan 29, 2021 | fashioncoronavirus may have been able to put a stop to everything. fashion has been thriving forever, even in the midst of a depressing year. 2021 is full of hopeful anticipation of new trends to take over. there are many new and cooler trends for women this year that is a...








 







contact
 




 






























