





filsinger games – home of champions of the galaxy and legends of wrestling
















































 





skip to content
















 homenew playersget startedhow to playfilsinger games historycreate your own character cardsfaqgameschampions of the galaxythe cotg storylegends of wrestlinglegends rosterlegends storyfind your favorite wrestlers!indie wrestlingindie wrestling set card listingfind your favorite wrestlers!promoter prime card listfilsinger games onlinenewscommunityvirtual conmessage boardcontactt-shirtsmy accountshop 















classic hometom2021-03-19t01:29:45-04:00 
filsinger games is out to conquer the galaxy!
filsinger games is home to the world’s finest tabletop cards and dice wrestling games, champions of the galaxy, legends of wrestling card game and filsinger indies wrestling. it’s fast-paced professional wrestling action at its finest!
with champions of the galaxy, you’re part of an epic tale of science fiction and fantasy as competitors from all over the galaxy compete in the squared circle. in the legends of wrestling card game and filsinger indies wrestling, you’ll see the greats from professional wrestling history square off against today’s stars and up and coming indie talent. whatever your fandom is, you’ll find something for you with one of our filsinger games products.
champions of the galaxy
champions of the galaxy is wrestling in the sci-fi future. it’s full of heroes and villains waging an action-packed struggle of good versus evil, and the future of the galaxy is in your hands!
learn morelegends of wrestling card game
legends of wrestling card game brings your all-time favorite wrestlers from any era to battle in the squared circle. face off your heroes of yesteryear for ultimate bragging rights across the eras!
learn moreindie wrestling
our indie wrestling sets are compatible with the legends of wrestling card game and let you bring in today’s megastars and tomorrow’s legends for incredible battles. get the stars of roh, evolve, shimmer, czw and more!
learn morefilsinger games online
experience the fun of the filsinger games universal from your computer. packed full of the filsinger games action you love alongside new features like a pbp simulator and more!
learn moreready to get started?
it’s time to jump in to the world’s greatest wrestling game. click here for everything that you need to get started playing today!
get startedthe latest filsinger games news

there’s a lot to love ahead of you this spring!
wrestling fans will have a lot to look forward to as the first wave of 2025 products are going to ...read more

promoters’ worst russian nightmare nikita koloff is coming next sunday!
filsinger games promoters will be living their worst nightmare, the russian nightmare that is, when nikita koloff joins loyal promoters ...read more

filsinger games perennial 2025 tickets now available!
the next filsinger games virtual event will take place on sunday february 2nd, and is the big kickoff to 2025, ...read more

filsinger games perennial 2025 announced!
fed hq is encouraging filsinger games promoters to save the date of sunday, february 2, 2025  for the kick off ...read more
1
2
3
…
301
›









close product quick view×



















 
 






		© copyright 2020 filsinger games, all rights reserved	



 
 
 
 


 
 





 


































































































 



go to top




