






robert lambert: unique artisan specialties | page 1 of 1






















robert lambert: unique artisan specialties



"you may hate fruitcakes, but somebody loves them, and this one hand-made by robert lambert is the baking-spice spicy cadillac version of the american style. a thorough list of ingredients yields complex, long-lasting flavors. nothing else we've tasted comes anywhere close. a 1-pound (ours was generously overweight) dark-fruit fruitcake is $75 plus shipping. serve at room temperature." - the art of eating
"i don't believe there's any producer of anything in america that takes as much care and has as much skill coupled with such a brilliant, sensitive imagination! i wish i could afford to give a large box of the marmalades and cakes to everyone i know! they're just stunning. with deepest gratitude for the incredible quality and ongoing evolution of what you make!" - dm, customer, nyc
o magazine ("favorite things" issue 2015): "the champagne of fruitcakes"
"... specifically, try the fruitcakes from california chef robert lambert.  he makes  use of  top-quality nuts and fruits - golden raisins from one boutique california  grower, an ancient variety of dates from  another - that he candies or soaks in specially selected spirits himself." - wall street journal
"california-based robert lambert, a one-man gourmet empire. he also makes a mean chocolate fruitcake ." - market watch
"in among his pear ginger jam, cranberry orange jam, meyer lemon lime marmalade and  four orange chocolate fruitcake are ingredients like fresh bergamot, japanese yuzu lime, celebes papeda - 'citrus and flowers others don't have  access to or rarely use." - san francisco chronicle
"... lambert's extraordinary one-of-a-kind indulgences are sure to impress even the most diehard foodies on your gift list." - huffington post








explore my recipe videos...















the robert lambert brand: affordable luxury
how to make lattice topped blueberry pie
how to make chocolate mousse pie
how to make gourmet vanilla truffle hot chocolate
how to make & arrange special cheese platters
how to make a dark chocolate raspberry cheese tart
how to make cranberry orange relish
how to make fit for royalty: grilled cheese
how to make blueberry mascarpone cheesecake
how to make raspberry champagne swirl ice cream




watch more videos on robert lambert's youtube channel: https://youtube.com/robertlambertbrand

sign up for our email newsletter | download current and archived newsletters
answers to customer questions
if you are not completely satisfied with any of my products, return it and your money will be immediately refunded.






of special interest:








bergamot marmalade
$22.00


 










earliglow strawberry jam - sold out
$22.00


 










four orange chocolate fruitcake - sold out
$75.00


 










more features












more info
your shopping cart











home
[view cart] 

 








home
marmalades, jams & jellies
fruitcakes
gifts & seasonal products
shopping cart



robert lambert: unique artisan specialties


robert lambert: unique artisan specialties

info@robertlambert.com 
home








robert lambert - this store is powered by shopsite web catalog software.



