









home - the leclaire method® - hypnobirthing® hypnofertility®

























































 














natural childbirth with hypnosis 







0




no products in the cart. 














home
about
faqs
blog
classes

classes for mothers & partners
practitioner / educator – certification


shop
contact
 


























home





hypnobirthing® / the leclaire method®“the leclaire method® provides women with exactly what they need to know to reclaim their inborn ability to birth normally, joyfully and easily.”- christiane northrup m.d author of women’s bodies, women’s wisdom









 

respect black beginnings childbirth certification - live classadvance your career: every pregnant mother deserves respect, support, cultural understanding and care. get certified now and you can be their connection to hope and a safe healthy pregnancy birth and postpartum. click here to order now! 



 

respect black beginnings practitioner / educator certificationlong distance at home educator certification. advance your career: every pregnant mother deserves respect, support, and care. get certified now and you can be their connection to hope and a safe healthy pregnancy birth and postpartum. click here to order now! 




 

practitioner / educator certificationlong distance at home program. advance your career: every pregnant mother deserves respect, support, and care. get certified now and you can be their connection to hope and a safe healthy pregnancy birth and postpartum. click here to order now! 



 

courses for mother'sto be a happy hypnomom and have a blissful hypnobaby click here now to order your complete and easy at home class. 
click here to order now! 












smart beginnings/easy preventions
bring peace to the world one baby at a time
we prevent child abuse/neglect, infant mortality/malnutrition, illiteracy, and subsequent pregnancy through our seven-year parenting. by working with a population of already pregnant teens, we are able to increase and encourage early maternal/fetal bonding and prenatal mothering. this helps prevent abuse. we are also able to teach the teens about the importance of prenatal nutrition and vitamins. the goals: a healthy full term pregnancy; elimination of infant mortality, and prevention of child abuse. 
click here for more info on how you can help!

hypnobirthing®- hypnofertility® – the leclaire method® for respect black beginnings educators /practitioners (long distance certification)

hypnobirthing®- hypnofertility® – the leclaire method® for educators /practitioners (long distance certification)













see a leclaire hypnobirth® birth here now

click to photos to open slideshow!






				early labor around 5pm.
				




				7pm  rhythmic risings 4-5 min apart.
				




				8pm now at hospital.
				




				delighted midwife.
				




				blissful leclaire hypnomom.
				




				tess arrived at 11:42 pm, listening to gregorian chant
				




				joyous r.n. & blissful leclaire hypnobirthed baby.
				




				mommy and me.
				




				mommy and papa getting me ready the eat.
				




				i latch on easily.
				




				my big sister holding me.
				




				my first gown.
				























testimonialswhat's people are saying... 






the leclaire hypnobirthing method broke the myth that it had to be a certain way. i totally transcended the pain of childbirth.
nancy marks 



'i was completely without fear and anxiety. i felt calm and relaxed without the tension. i too totally transcended the pain of childbirth.
claire anne murphy 



it is a one day vacation. the setting is beautiful and healing. the information is tops and the lunch is delicious. we felt rested, empowered and confident. what a lovely, relaxing and educational day.
georgeanne and andy 



i used this method on my own. my husband read the book and listened to the tape once. i did one chapter of the book each week and listened to the tape only once a week. i was mesmerized. it worked! my doctor couldn't believe it. it was truly a natural and beautiful experience. 
annie 



minimal pain/maximum control seems to be the bottom line for leclaire whose techniques of deep relaxation have also been used by husbands before a stressful day at the office.
la weekly 



the leclaire method teaches self hypnosis and exploring one's feeling about pregnancy, childbirth, motherhood, breastfeeding marriage and career in order to pave the way for a relaxed experience.
the los angeles times 



it is a joy to see how effectively dr. leclaire o’neill has integrated the mind body concepts in the area of pregnancy and delivery.
o. carl simonton, m.d., author of the healing journey 



the leclaire hypnobirthing method gave me relaxation. it helped me focus in a way i had never been able to before in dealing with the fear.
judy cooper (vaginal birth after three c-sections) 



patients who have used the leclaire hypnobirthing method show none of the somatic and physiologic signs of distress that i have seen in patients who have studied [other methods].
yvonne fried, m.d. 












latest news 






what to do when your expecting


by michelle leclaire o'neill


                            on mar 06, 2015







comments off on what to do when your expecting 







hypnosis for pregnancy: a script


by michelle leclaire o'neill


                            on sep 10, 2013




get yourself into a comfortable position and begin to observe what is in front of you.…


comments off on hypnosis for pregnancy: a script 







accepting the magic of your mind


by michelle leclaire o'neill


                            on aug 27, 2013




the hypnosis of the leclaire method the center of the leclaire method is to keep the…


comments off on accepting the magic of your mind 







imagery and how it can affect your pregnancy


by michelle leclaire o'neill


                            on aug 07, 2013




while meditation may be defined as emptying the mind to make space for our inner self…


comments off on imagery and how it can affect your pregnancy 







part 2:  gregorian chant babies


by michelle leclaire o'neill


                            on jun 20, 2013




aristotle wrote: …emotions of any kind are produced by melody and rhythm; therefore by music a…


comments off on part 2:  gregorian chant babies 







part 1 of 2: gregorian chant babies


by michelle leclaire o'neill


                            on jun 14, 2013




          “i despise a world which does not intuitively feel that music is a higher revelation…


comments off on part 1 of 2: gregorian chant babies 














my account
cart
checkout
terms & conditions
contact
 


855 via de la paz, suite 1 pacific palisades, ca 90272
310.454.0920




follow

 






©copyright 2019. all rights reserved. 



























