







el pavo bakery – mexican bakery in the los angeles area









































































 

cakesbakeryfoodlocationsblogcontact 

0




            subtotal: --


view cart
checkout




























 





el pavo bakery 

quien prueba nuestro pan, siempre regresa 


 













        about us    
amor. cultura. pasión.
founded in 1962 by mexican immigrant, don pedro vasquez. we are a small family business that specializes in home-made products that bring people together. from cakes, pan dulce, to mexican food, we use the highest quality ingredients and create art with everything that we do.  ……….establecido en 1962 por el inmigrante mexicano, don pedro vásquez. somos una pequeña empresa familiar que se especializa en productos caseros que reúnen a las personas. desde pasteles, pan dulce hasta comida mexicana, usamos ingredientes de la más alta calidad y creamos arte con todo lo que hacemos.











        wow es riquísimo el pan de ahí cada ves que voy a la cesar chavez y soto compró uuuuffff. ,dios los bendiga siempre y agan igual su pan



 
            linda guzmanfacebook comments 






        sobre todo las conchas de chocolate esas son mis favoritas y no e encontrado otro expendio que agan esas conchas con ese rico sabor



 
            luz g.facebook comments 






        es la panadería que mas me gusta mi familia cuando bien en alos ángeles tienen q pasar a llevar sus bolsas de pan del pavo el favorito de toda mi familia❤    

 
            chila melchorfacebook comments 






        the best😍




 
            libbyshikintrailzinstagram comments 


















        how to order el pavo online (no longer available)    


step 1: choose a category we offer online ordering for our baked goods, specialty cakes, and food platters.
step 2: add all desired items to cart your cart is on the top right with the icon . there, you can visit your cart and checkout.
step 3: checkout 
a. select pickup date and time (must be at least 2 days in advance).
b. select pickup location.
c. fill in billing details and credit card information.
d. click on     
 









        how-to video    










 






        bakery    
handmade pastries

conchathis classic mexican pastry is mildly sweet with a soft fluffy inside and a crumbly shell shaped paste on top. elote de azucarthis bread has a crumbly, sugar-coated surface, with a sweet and soft center. its shape resembles a corn stalk, hence its name. butter croissanttraditional french pastry with a flaky crust and soft inside. perfect for dipping in hot chocolate. pan de guatemalasoft, layered guatemalan bread with paste center. 









 






        cakes    
art in everything that we do

tres leches cakeunique home-made recipe. spongy bread soaked in 3 types of milk - condensed, evaporated, whole milk. hints of vanilla and cinnamon.mango cakemango flavored bread filled with a mango mousse. topped with mango jelly. surrounded by chocolate cage. flanmexican custard dessert coated with caramelized sugar. made with our home-made recipe. our home-made flan recipe makes it uniquely creamy, spongey, and rich.tiramisu cakeitalian coffee flavored bread, filled with mocha mousse. it is covered in chocolate whipped cream. topped with cocoa powder and fruits.









 






        food    
only available at our east la and san gabriel locations

meat platterenjoy the family and let us do the cooking for you.burritostypically includes a choice of meat, beans, rice, and salsa. breakfast options available.tacosthank you mexico for tacos. tamaleschoice of red chile pork, green chile chicken, or cheese & jalapeño.aguas frescasall home made and naturally flavored. made with real fruits.















        our testimonials    
thank you for being a part of the el pavo familia 





        “most authentic mexican food i've tried. when you have mexican you have to try it how a mom mould make it in kitchen. this place does a very good job.”



 
            gregorio salcedogoogle reviews 






        “i have had their tamales in the past and went and made a large order for christmas. fantastic tamales and sweet breads. the nicest employees and the bakery smells so yummy. i recommend el pavo to everyone.”    

 
            laurie walkergoogle reviews 






        “been going here for over twenty years. always busy, a favorite place for locals. great mexican food.”




 
            vincent gonzalesgoogle reviews 






        “i love el pavo .... been going there since i was a kid. food quality is amazing. bakery there is wonderful. highly recommend the fruit juices.”



 
            noah valenzuelagoogle reviews 






        “i grew up eating pan de el pavo. i have tried a lot of pan dulce but el pavo is the best. hands down.”




 
            angiegoogle reviews 



























contact us






postmates 
 




©2019 el pavo bakery. all rights reserved.  


























