













c&j metal products

























































 






6323 alondra boulevard paramount, ca 90723




























email
info@cjmetals.com
















phone number
562-634-3101




get in touch









custom sheet metal fabrication
custom panel fabrication
powertrim® coping
ventilation products
contact us
blog






 











commercial sheet metal fabricator established 1946
contact uslearn moreraising the bar in custom fabrication
for over 75 years c&j metal products has been a trusted partner in fabricating architectural products used by general contractors, sheet metal contractors, and roofing contractors throughout the country. we have built our reputation by meeting or exceeding our customers’ expectations, offering quick turnaround times, continuous commitment to customer satisfaction, and exceptional craftsmanship.


custom sheet metal fabrication



custom panel fabrication



powertrim® coping



ventilation products






c&j metal products is a small, woman and minority-owned business headquartered in paramount, california. we are a leading architectural fabrication sheet metal company in southern california.the company maintains a fully equipped shop, offering welding, shearing, punching, pressing, and metal finishing capabilities. we carry a large inventory of copper, stainless steel, aluminum, and galvanized, along with other types of sheet metal in various gauges and sizes.


























 




what our customers are sayingi'm very happy with my experience so far!i’ve been working as a buyer for a large southern california retirement community for just over 6 months now. i’ve had the pleasure of working with ruben to fulfill all of our metal supply needs and have had nothing but a wonderful experience. ruben processes our orders quickly and efficiently, and he always makes sure we’re well informed and receiving what we need. c&j has not disappointed in terms of delivery and quality either. i’m very happy with my experience so far!
jj abolmoloki
senior buyer, purchasing
laguna woods village


c & j metal products deserves a 5-star review for all the great work that they do.i have worked with ruben perez regarding gutter headers. he helped  me out with design and production. best of all (we are about 220 miles north of them) he worked out the best shipping rate possible for us! they will always have our business.
rodney hata
purchasing manager
b & l mechanical, inc


i have been doing business with c&j metal for the past 38 years.c&j has always fabricated to the highest of standards at reasonable prices. the office is truthful and dependable when it comes to completion dates, which is appreciated for scheduling purposes. i highly recommend c&j metal as they have proven themselves repeatedly over the years.
chris
noble roofing


my experience with c&j metals has been awesome!all questions were addressed quickly, estimates were provided promptly, lead times were quick turn arounds and the customer service was excellent! i will definitely keep using them for future business!
andrew
spectra company


we have been with c&j metal for many years!!there is a reason we have been a loyal customer to c&j metal, and that is for their great workmanship and customer satisfaction.
mike
cook coatings


give yourselves from us a 5-star rating!you do great work!
janet
town and country roofing & solar


the c&j team members are always professional and deliver quality work.they help their clients through the process of fabrication and deliverables. c&j should be everyone choice for metal fabrication
herschel hiatt | senior project manager
standard drywall inc. | founded in 1955


5 star review,c&j metals was prompt, courteous, and provided a great value for our needs. from order to fabrication to will call- super service ,we will use c&j metals in the near future
bill b
what a great experience working with c& j metals.the product was custom made and was produced fast. ruben was amazing to work with, i look forward to working with them in the future.”
bob barnard- industrial sales
ganahl lumber


5 stars review,we’ve been using c&j metal since the 1980’s for custom sheet metal projects as well as production runs. ruben has been taking care of us since 2015 and he is very good at keeping us informed on our orders.”
alan pre-fab buildings
bill andrus


ruben, it was great communicating with you and your company. i truly appreciated the excellent customer service and the experience of building strong relationships
hhj construction
sungyul


10 out of 10 stars! great customer service, turnaround times. quality
t.viole construction
john


“i’ve known ruben for many years. him and his team have always produced top quality sheet metal products. the attention to detail is second to none. i work on multimillion dollars homes and i wouldn’t call anyone else. if you are looking for a great guy to work with call ruben at c&j metals, he’ll take care of you.”
action air conditioning, heating and solar
ryan


 “i would like to thank the c&j team for all the help they provided for us on the la clippers project. ruben and the crew are a 5-star service team.
they came through with all our last-minute orders and had them complete the next day. been working with this group for over 24 years and will continue to do so. thanks guys.”
crown corr inc.
bill -general superintendent


contact c&j metal products for all your custom sheet metal fabrication needs

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *companyemail *phone *message *file upload




click or drag files to this area to upload.
you can upload up to 2 files.



submit 







for over 75 years c&j metal products has been a trusted partner in fabricating architectural products used by general contractors, sheet metal contractors.
useful linkscustom sheet metal fabrication
custom panel fabrication
powertrim® coping
ventilation products
contact us
blog
contact us562-634-3101
info@cjmetals.com
6323 alondra boulevard paramount, ca 90723



© 2025 c&j metal products. all rights reserved

 
 








 

privacy preference center







privacy preferences


























































 skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset









