


quixtar sucks























        
	quixtar sucks
	
  
all entries are based on my experiences and opinions.







friday, july 25, 2008



	 insider / david steadson - zealot or not?
    


scott larsen made some points here and we have truth's perspective. here are number of posts / insider blog to date (july 25th, 2008)  http://www.thetruthaboutamway.com (93)http://www.amwaywatch.com/ (12)http://mlmliberal.blogspot.com/ (2)http://amwaynorthamerica.blogspot.com/ (27)http://quixtarbusinessreview.blogspot.com/ (10)http://quixtatic.blogspot.com/ (8)http://amwaylatin.blogspot.com/ (2)http://amwayaustralia.blogspot.com/ (4)http://amwayeurope.blogspot.com/ (12)http://www.amwaywatch.com/ (12)http://amquixvideo.blogspot.com/ (0)http://ibofightback.vox.com/ (1)http://ibofightback.livejournal.com/ (4)  total = 187  loser, and his posts  http://quixtarsucks.blogspot.com (318)  you may verify these numbers via feed readers. i'm not including wiki, forums, and '79' youtube videos.  observations why can't he write all that in one blog under different categories? google ranking? quixtar blog was ranked higher for a while in google than quixtar.com, with one blog.  i might lose on word count. but i learned from the master.  i'm disappointed again! as an ibo, nothing significant. as a blogger, i've written twice the posts, and administer a much popular forum. am i a zealot? or just loser ;)  





posted by loser @ 2:10 am  
      
         14 comments






saturday, december 22, 2007



	 odd couple
    


orrin woodward and ty tribble! look at that! you may wanna play the theme.   next: dexter yager and steve hasan? 





posted by loser @ 6:13 pm  
      
         1 comments






monday, november 12, 2007



	 what do you feel?
    


hey normal public: how do you feel when some one try to get you join amway? you feel excited, turned off, pissed or awkward? what was your answer? if it was yes, are you still an ibo? if it was no, how much time it took to get rid of that ibo?





posted by loser @ 10:54 pm  
      
         67 comments






friday, november 09, 2007



	 what should be done with amway?
    


  should we learn a lesson from britts and shut down amway? they started english, they must be right about amway?  amway crimes millions of people have lost billions of dollars to pursue the "dream". it is a largest running scam in my opinion. one must be a great salesman to be successful in amway. ironically, a great salesman has far better options. mostly people without any sales experience do amway. in a nutshell, ibos are unpaid salesmen, if they sell any thing. usually they end up buying amway products.  they don't do it before and after amway. what does that tell you?  i think amway should be shut down immediately, and all past ibos should be reimbursed some thing.  speaking of reimbursement, i'll continue blogging about quixtar until i make $10, 000. that's the money i lost in quixtar. if you're an ibo, click ads to get me there earlier. if you're a critic, click it twice. 





posted by loser @ 7:21 pm  
      
         20 comments






wednesday, october 31, 2007



	 how much open costs you?
    


not the entry ticket. total time and money. ex-ibos can comment as well.  time  do you attend it weekly? time it takes you to get ready for it? how long is the drive there? duration of your open? do you stay for the training? how long? do you pick up / drop off prospects? money  fuel costs? baby sitting? do you eat out those nights? how much a lit pack costs?  how many lit packs you give out on average? how many lit packs are actually returned?





posted by loser @ 12:59 am  
      
         31 comments






thursday, october 25, 2007



	 which bird is team bird?
    


  hint: it has a very funny retardation. 





posted by loser @ 11:44 pm  
      
         5 comments






sunday, october 14, 2007



	 multi level marketing goto peeps
    


you're in quixtar. or some one told you about it. you look it up. now you are confused. some fears are confirmed, but your dreams are still there. what to do?  true, job sucks majority of your time. and for majority it sucks majority of the time. owning a business is a pretty good idea, although intimidating. you may spend more time in it with less rewards.  asking questions is a smart move. if you don't ask, you won't learn. i won't do mlm, but i don't think it's evil. let me "recommend" you some people that may help.  ty tribble he was a 4000 pv pin in quixtar, then passport, then univera. he's a work from home dad, and knows a thing or two about mlm.  i find him ever helpful, despite knowing i'm not a prospect :) i'd recommend him 100%.  insider he's the most famous ibo on the net. i don't know if he's indeed an ibo, or human for that matter. but he does a good job covering news about quixtar. i don't always agree with him, but his claims are not "100000s of platinums and 1000s of diamonds are breaking every year!!!!" either.  consider him an "online crossline". you may compare "system" notes with him. crosslining is not bad ;) beth dornan she doesn't do mlm as far as i know. she's a quixtar employee. her blog insidequixtar is the best quixtar resource. she engages in conversations and a pretty reliable source, i'd say. 





posted by loser @ 5:15 am  
      
         6 comments






wednesday, october 10, 2007



	 plan, understanding, me
    


i'm getting some comments lately along the lines of "you didn't understand the plan, that's why you are not in.  stay broke".  claim 1 : if i "understand" the plan, it's impossible to not be an ibo? i've seen and shown the plan many times. explain me what i did not understand. use as much words as you like.  claim 2 : if i'm not in, i must be broke.  there are many wealthy people and most of them are not ibo. how come they're not broke?





posted by loser @ 10:03 pm  
      
         35 comments






friday, june 22, 2007



	 the office clip - seems familiar
    








posted by loser @ 8:59 pm  
      
         56 comments






tuesday, june 05, 2007



	 how to make $1000 / month in quixtar?
    


this was my initial dream. make an extra grand on the side.    what i need to do to make it?  how much time it will take?  what will be my expenses? fuel, food, tools, samples? what products i need to sell / consume? 





posted by loser @ 11:20 am  
      
         12 comments














home

quixtar sucks

search archives



























insider / david steadson - zealot or not?


welcome back!


steadson is a loser zealot?


he's a troll!!!!


lol, good one gina.  i never really thought about it that way, but it's fairly accurate!


honey, get a life.  what do you do for a living?  i bet it sucks.  you really, really need a life.  really.


hey loser,this loser just went diamond in another company...hope you are doing great!ty


he's not a zealot, steadson is a prick.


i think he's currently doing the business more harm than good with his clueless comments on various blogs and forums.


quixtar my ass, lately i threw around $275 in this stinkning business and travelled few states in us for so called learning to show plan. to me it seems more like begging than any kind of business as they call it. you know you have to be a beggar by nature in order to succeed in it,if not everybody at least my upline and his uplines are. i have seen people talking about them as creepy thugs and salesmen selling their plans and products in the name of friendship and trust.i got few opportunities to make so called new business owners in the form of my friends and near ones but i cannot cheat anybody leave aside my close ones, for something that i myself don't like or trust. one of the persons in my upline hierarchy keeps on calling and bugging me about all this stuff and unnecesssary excitement that i should have, most of the times i don't pick up his phone and whenever i do i indirectly scold him and tell him not to call me anymore and hang up the phone, he however doesn't seem to take it to heart and keeps on doing whatever he has to. is this what quixtar wants me to do??? if yes.. then thanks but no thanks! i don't care about the money that i lost in it, i'd rather prefer learning to play some musical instrument and start performing on streets and subways. if somebody throws a buck on me it'd be for my art/honesty and not for my wiles or any deceptive and tempting language.


http://www.amquix.info/steadson_hits_3_percent.htmllol lol lol


i hate those people and i am very upset because amway people starts bugging me, because i say they are f+ckers. they want me to change and work for them, my answer is still the same over 2 years of their bugging: f+ck you! i'm sorry for my english, now i'm going to explain the whole thing. i am italian, and living this in venice, north italy. the fact: mlm system are kind of banned from europe economies, lots of restriction because of their illegal nature, but our super cool silvio berlusconi (what a shit of man) made a law that easy introduce mlm (as quixtar/amway and so on) business. so immediately you can see on silvio's football team shirts (milan a.c.) the logo of nutrilite. what the xxx is going on? europe don't want mlm business, italy welcome it. i have noticed that wikipedia in english explain a lot of controversy about mlm wikipedia in italian just say how cool this system is.  what? somebody is kiddin us. check my blog issue about this: http://100monkeyeffect.blogspot.com/2009/06/truffe.html and http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_multi-level_marketing_companies


"time is running out and we need to solve it. we have to look at things,buy anavar  otherwise we will be mediocre. we need to be better than we are at the moment. we need a threat in the final third.hotels in galway "we have creative players here already and we will be searching for more to improve things."


we have creative players here already and we will be searching for more to improve things.


david steadson is a dick smoker!    :)


odd couple


so your just selling your mlm help book on here?


what do you feel?


i feel awesome when someone tries to share the concept with me. no one has forced me to join. i chose to. now, i feel excited!yes, i became an ibo and i intend to become a success based on my own terms.and you sir, are normal too. however, you chose to call your self "loser" and thus, became "loser" for real. if that's your real choice, i stop here. it was nice meeting you.


believe it or not, before all the problems arose with my company and q*, i was approched.  i felt like i had wandered of path and landed in the middle of a used car lot!!  i even grabbed my purse and held it closer to me.  i was with my baby girl at the time, so maybe it was just a powerful blast of that motherly instinct, but i even put my hands on her.  there was just something off about someone coming up to me in a grocery store, not knowing me from adam, talking to me about a "business opportunity"  maybe its because i come from a large city and we are taught that things like that are most likely scams. either way, i felt there was something wrong.


my sophmore year of college quixtar came in like the flu and unfortunately some of my friends got it pretty bad.  people who i thought were intelligent proved to me that they certainly weren't clever.  i won't mention the school because frankly i'm embarrassed.  i couldn't see this happening at harvard or yale.it all started with one guy who came back from summer vacation with stories of hope and retirement and a lot of other bullshit that convinced enough people to buy worthless crap.  i remember walking into friends' rooms and seeing huge stacks of q-tips and energy drinks.  "things you'd buy anway" i was always told.  my favorite purchases had to be all the dental products that were not approved by the american dental association.anyway, some close friends and i were able to convince a few guys that studying and working hard would undoubtedly bring them more money than quixtar.  ibos are unpaid salesman with shitty products.  we even put up flyers explaining how money doesn't appear out of thin air and energy drinks from the internet won't lead to an early retirement.  still, many weren't so convinced.  these followers would tell idiotic stories about nameless people who didn't have money when it came time to retire, or had lost all their dough in the stock market.  there were positive stories too.  these stories came from the retarded meetings that would be held to recruit more dummies.  the stories usually involved using the word "retire."  not as in i'll retire, or you'll retire, more like "this time next year i'll retire my mom," or "my mentor retired his whole family."  all very strange and questionable.one friend of mine was actually having his school paid for by the marine corps in exchange for service.  since he had opened his mind like a garbage can and let quixtar in he once commented that his time as a marin corps lietinant will be getting in the way of his quixtar career.  to this day i'm still amazed that qtips and energy drinks on the net can be sold so convincingly to people.so to make a long story not so long; by the time junior year came around not a single person was still doing quixtar.  even the ingrate that had brought it to our school had to take time off to resolve some financial issues.  i guess selling hope and energy drinks didn't quite work out.  after the quixtar fallout, no one really wanted to talk about it, it was truly embarrassing for all involved.  so to every ibo reading this, take my advice and just get out, get out now.  you're selling hope and lies to yourself and those below you.  you didn't need those "products" before you joined and you still don't need them now.  even if you are a "succesful" ibo, all you've done is make money by taking advantage of people; you are scam artist and should be ashamed.death to quixtar.


hey david,i have been reading your comments and i will focus on the following:"even if you are a "succesful" ibo, all you've done is make money by taking advantage of people;"really? so, i guess that it did not occur to you that stores make money off of you or if it did then, you think nothing is wrong with that! yet, you happily throw money away at them! hmmm, i challenge you tomorrow to go outside walmart and stop people going because now, knowing the revelation of truth, "walmart makes money off of them"!on the other hand there is something wrong to be an ibo in a legal business because right now it occures to you that ibos make money off of their clients. hmmm, you are a daily client in the neighborhood stores.as for the rest of your comments, you truly are a sad, low life with no dreams but put on stealing other people's dreams because your low self image can't sustain itself without poisoning people with dreams and goals. so what if it's not for you, say "thank you it is not for me!" and forget it! don't go around and start to complain, whine and steal people's hopes and dreams!


i think i will field this one.  i know you are talking to david, however, since you are being anonymous, which seems to be a trait among amway distributor, not give out their name, or at least a screenname. you took david's quote."even if you are a "succesful" ibo, all you've done is make money by taking advantage of people"and went off on a tear about wal-mart.  wal-mart does in fact take money from the customers, it is call doing business, however wal-mart does not require me to pay more for what i get, nor do they tell me how much i have to buy, to make any savings.  buy 50pv worth of product and tell me what your "bonus" will be.here is an intresting thing about wal-mart, next time you go, take the ads from all the other stores in the area.  if you can find the same item at wal-mart, that cost more than in any the ad.  show the ad to the cashier and they will sell it to you at a lower price, if may just be a few cents, but it will be sold cheaper.  as far as hopes and dreams, most of the dreams that are being sold by upline, are illusions at best.  most upline want their downline to be dreaming...and not focused on reality.


mike i wanna thank you for trying to put some things in perspective to our anonymous friend.and to him and anyone else out there that thinks i'm trying to "poison hopes and dreams."  i'm honestly not out to do that.however, i truly feel sad for you guys, just like i was really sad for my friends.  really dude, or whoever you are... you are seriously going to lose money and dignity if you continue to follow these dreams.  i'd love to hear from you in a couple of years to hear how things turned out.peace.


david, you really sound so self righteous and that's understandable.as a man thinks in his heart, so is he. - proverbs 23:7


i've been hit up by the quixstar folks more times than i care to count.i am a magnet for these folks. the most notable was when i was working with a spa/hot tub company and this young successful looking couple walked in and started asking about spas. i proceeded to go over the units we sold and would break into small talk about our personal lives. they seemed like a wonderful couple, we had a great deal in common. i really wanted to help them into a new spa. to be upfront, i'm not a sales shark. i don't apply pressure with my sales and i do quite well with it. we continued to talk about spas and other things for about two hours. as our discussion was winding down the husband told me how good i am with people and how well i am with sales and sait he'd like to have someone like me working in his company. when i asked him about his company he simply reaced into his pocked and pulled out a card. it was one of those cd-rom type cards and it said quixtar right on it. as soon as i saw it, i was crushed. i had been duped and two hours of my time wasted. they were not there to by a spa. they were looking for recruits. i thought i was building a good relationship with a young couple who were looking to buy their first spa. i refused the cd-rom explaining to the couple that i was aware of quixtar and there was no way they could convince me to join and to save the card for someone more interested. i was careful not to offend them or badmouth quixtar. then the guy has the nerve to say "we gave you 2 hours of our time you can at least hear us out for 5 minutes." i laughed and tried to send them on their way when he became irate wanting to speak to a manager. knowing full well the owners desk was in earshot of our discussion i waved over to him to come over and bail me out. the guy tried to tell my boss that i offended his wife with a lewd comment and ridiculed his choice of profession. my boss simply replied "i heard the entire conversation and heard nothing of the sort." the man started yelling obscenities and such and his wife began to cry. my boss threatened to call the police unless  he left the store. he promptly left. this was probably about 2 years ago. he seemed to be at wits end with  quixstar and could get anyone to join up with him. sadly, i think his wife really though they were there to buy a spa.how does that make me feel? cheated. though not cheated out of a sale. cheated out of a relationship i though i was building. before that quixtar card came out i would have invited this couple to thanksgiving dinner. every interaction i've ever had with a quixstar rep ended in me feeling cheated out of what i thought to be a potential friendship or a simple quality human interaction instead it turned into a disappointment and i had to battle my way out of the conversation.


"how does that make me feel? cheated. though not cheated out of a sale. cheated out of a relationship i though i was building."that is one of the lies presented by those in the business, they will be your friend, and talk about having this wonderful relationship, but they fail to say...as long as you are in the business. one of the things said at ibo meeting, was to be prepared for the holidays with your family, cause they don't understand the business.  my family thought i was stupid to join amway, but they still were my family, when i left amway, my family was still there. those in the business, i have not heard from that once. they love ya if you in, disown ya when your out.


two similar incidences have happened to me since i've been out of college (though i'm only 3 years out, so i'm sure i'll have more in the future).you know, the bottom line is these folks are losers.  pathetic cult-joining dimwitted dummies.  what other business method or job involves tricking your wife into thinking she might get a spa and causing a scene when an employed salesman blows off some jerk trying to employ him in a job he may never have heard of. losers.


again, david, you really sound so self righteous and that's understandable. i have seen how you have replied before, how you have replied to me and how you have replied again like the first time.as a man thinks in his heart, so is he. - proverbs 23:7


help me get out of this stupid scam! they've been taking money from my bank accout forever. please help me!


racham,seek a refund on everything you can and make sure you file a formal complaint with the bbb.


i already imagine bbb listening and taking seriously guys like racham and joecool in their sad & funny saga of quixtar/amway scam. give us a break!


since one of the ibos common defense is that quixtar has a satisfactory rating from the bbb, then by the same token, peolpe who feel they got gypped should file a complaint. not many ibos complain - mostlikely because they are sponsored by friends and family members.


or most likely cause they feel like an idiot for having been scammed for so long.


first of all i would like to say thank you and i'm glad i've stumbled on to your site because i've been looking for former ibos who were a part of quixtar so i can hear their input. i'm currently a starting ibo with quixtar. i am not going to give out my name or a contact just yet for obvious reasons just yet. however there's a lot of things i feel i dont know and i would like to be enlighthened. if anybody could drop me thier contact info (email) through here i would like to get in contact with yousecondly i am quite tired right now so forgive me on grammar mistakes because i see from reading many of the previous comments there's a grammar "nazi patrolling the site" what i want to say in regards to this posting is that the way this whole business was explained to me i'm not sure if anyone else had it explained in the same manner but there's plan a and plan bplan a is your main plan. for most of us that is just the typical go to school get a degree get a career etc etc you know the standard plan for a financial future what you will be doing for you main source of income for the rest of your life plan b is quixtar. not being your main source of income however a relatively "easy" way to get a few extra bucks by selling thier products. i've read some of the comments posted on this blog and others you wrote and it seemed like many people (former ibos and current ibos alike) have looked at this business as if this was going to be a plan a.  i personally don't have that view towards this business. i think realistically about this i'm not going to chips into this pile called quixtar unless i damn near have to. i only  see this as  just as a small source of revenue for me (assuming as if i am just even moderately succesful at it) hell even if i just roll in an extra 500 hundred a month i'll be content for those who have quit with this i want to ask is this "goal" of mine even worth it?


antipretic said "for those who have quit with this i want to ask is this "goal" of mine even worth it?"i would suggest, that you set your goals before spending any money on anything.  depending on your upline, you maybe told to either, build a downline, and to do this you will need to be on the system.  you may be told that your dream is not big enough, or why waste time building a small business, when you can do more..etc..  you do not need to plug into any system.    going the route of retail is a possible avenue.  however it may be tough to sell most of the products due to the cost.    bottomline, if you want to make $500.00 a month, get a part time starting around $6.25 per hour.  at 20 hours a week.


antipretic,one thing to note, the most common reason ibos lose money in the business is due to spending ob business support materials such and seminars books and cassette tapes or cds.if your only goal is to make a few bucks, i suggest you avoid the support materials.  your upline has an obligation to give you some training on how the business works at no charge.


i would like to let "david" know, we have upgraded from energy drinks and q-tips. i personally don't know what they sold back then. the line of products now are as vast as just about whatever your looking to buy.the spa scenario, i apologize that you even had to meet those kinds of people spa guy (for a lack of name to call you,i apologize). it was extremely rude and uncalled for. but there are bad apples in every bunch. i'm sure you have worked with people that you would rather not acknowledge.there are good teams. and not so good teams. people getting hung out to dry has happened. i was one of them the first time i joined. i didn't really have the first clue how anything worked. i was skeptical about trying again. but with a full money back garuntee for the first month and up to 6 months of becoming an ibo you get half your money back, i said: sure why not! i'm glad i did. i have a awesome upline and a great team. and to the new ibo, my email is setfreeliving25@yahoo.com. any questions that you have that i can't answer, my mentor definitely can. as far as wal-mart and quixtar, you don't have to buy any particular amount of product regardless who ever told you different. i sell the xs energy drinks at work like candy. and i sell them by the can if that's all you want to buy. and i offer to give you the first can for free. which wal-mart won't offer you that. and i'm not bad mouthing wal-mart. you have to buy something,and nomally get home to find out you don't like it, then return it for a refund. which your gas money isn't included in the purchase. and if the ibo won't give you a sample, he or she is an idiot in my opinion. buisness isn't about making a sale one time, it's about people coming back continuously. i can't say how other ibo's run their buisness. that's why they are called independant. they can run it how ever they choose. there are crooked people in the world. in every family,church,buisness, and etc. to include quixtar. but we're not all crooks. if you get a bad hair cut somewhere, does that mean no one knows how to cut hair? no! you just simply got a bad barber. to the new ibo, if your being hung out to dry by you upline, you might want to find another upline! and your buisness can be as big or small as you want it to. it's your buisness! if your upline isn't happy with the points he's getting because of you, tell him to buy some things on you account and you will both get the points!as i have stated in a comment on one of the blogs on this site this morning, i'm not here to pick a fight. i haven't seen stories on here so far that i thought: that just couldn't be true. i'm very realistic. i hold a full time job! and try to advance in it. and that won't change until i make enough money through my buisness to quit work! and every sucessful ibo that i know of has had to work a full time job up to a point.regardless of what whoever said, my family has worked their whole lives and have nothing to show for it. other than hoping they make it from retirement check to check.and worked very hard at that. this buisness is an opportunity, not a guaruntee. i'm trying not to be in their shoes. obviously i'm not rich now but, i know where the money isn't and that's where i'm working. i know what your thinking, get another job or a part time job on top of what your doing. i will take my chances on my own buisness. it's already starting to grow faster than i thought it would. and i'm not "scamming" anyone either. your either interested or your not. i'm fine with either or. i won't beg you to join or buy anything from me. i have shown friends the plan and some weren't interested. that is fine. we are still friends. if you join my team, i would help in any way i can. you becoming successful makes me successful. i nor does any other ibo make a cent by someone joining quixtar. the only way i make money is through volume going through my team. i'll stop with this last thought. don't judge the buisness or it's opportunities due to some bad experiences or bad apples involved with the process. quixtar as a buisness is designed as people pushing volume of product to the website and being compensated for what they accomplish in doing so through bonus scale. obviously your odds are better achieving the top of the bonus scale and staying there if you have a team. if you can do 7500pv at an average of $2.50 spent a point on your own, you are pretty financially set without quixtar. but, you will be about $2,500 dollars better off with them. anywho, everyone have a great day,stay safe, and god bless all of you is my prayer.semper fi,jonathan


jonathan, i live in hawaii and if i wanted to buy a case of xs from you, how much would it cost, including shipping?


joe i sell mine for $2 a can and they come in a case of 12. so, if you decided you want a full case, i would charge you $24 for a case. and this includes shipping. i normally deliver personally, however, you live in hawaii and i live in tennessee. so obviously that won't happen. but, in the worst case senario, i would personally take care of the shipping.by the way joe, i thought i would let you know that i like the way you voice your opinion. no name calling,slinging mud, and personal attacks. it's very intelligent and mature. and the rudeness has come from both sides. in the event that you have, i haven't seen it.take care joe and may god bless you in every way he can.semper fi,jonathan


hey joe, quick question. i want to say i saw this on the "65 either dead or broke", you said you make about $7,000 (if i misquoted the figure, please forgive me) blogging for a company. who is it that you work for. and what all does it intel? i wouldn't mind replacing the drama of being a correctional officer with something like that! any info would be much appreciated.thank you for your time joe.semper fi,jonathan


antipretic...i was never an ibo, but i am a traditional business owner and the only advice i can give you beyond the excellent advice of jc and mike is keep an accurate profit and loss sheet.  account for every expense, no matter how small or insugnificant you think it may be or what your upline tells you.  track every mile you put on your car, even if you are told that it is useless because you would drive with or without q*.  track every penny spent while you are acting in a business manner for q*.  if you see you are not making a profit then evaluate the situation to see what can be changed...don't ignore it.  it is normal to be in the red at the start of a business, but with the poper changes you will be able to see improvement that will soon lead to profit.  good luck


i'm 100% with anna on this one.also, as you are doing a retail, you have to be able to sell for profit even the very first item that you ever got from quixtar.as you know, the critic said that the product is hard to sell, and the proponent claim that it's higher quality so it's worth the money. but what really matter is whether _you_ can sell. not what other people are saying.so, buy one product, or two and try to sell them for profit. and don't use 'creative' accounting like using personal consumption as 'sales'. :)and don't fall to any pressure to buy "training" to sell this stuff. remember, for ordinary retailable products, you might need training to sell 1,000 burgers a day. but you don't need training to sell just one.i've also recently opened an online retail business. the items cost $20-$50. i start with just two unit. got the profit of those sales, and start increasing the stock and putting more money (for stock, not for training) after seeing the result. now, 4 months later, i sold a couple of hundred a week.don't let anybody 'spin' the fact that for consumer retail product you have to be able to make profit off the very first sale.


semper,i was only joking about making 7,000 a month blogging.  i think it was in response to an ibo making outrageous claims.as for the products, the way i see it, the average jos out there doesn;t really care about perceived higher quality.  in name recognition, quixtar is almost generic with a high price tag. that being said, most people will simply buy from walmart or costco because it's cheaper and possibly more bang for the buck.  you would need to be able to sell the value to the customer, something many ibos simply cannot do.


excuses, excuses, excuses.semper fi, you are wasting your time on these pathetic blogs.honestly, as a correctional officer, you would have a better chance of success introducing this business opportunity to the people you deal with on a daily basis rather than arguing with these perfidious bloggers.


how are you going to prosper by introducing the idea to prisoners?


thanks for the clarity joe on the blogging thing.who said anything about showing the plan to inmates? and can't is all in the mind. any ibo can be successful if they decide to be. obviously it's going to take time. but where can you be successful in the work place that it isn't going to take time to?  and however you feel about quixtar is fine with me. it doesn't bother me one way or another. i enjoy hearing you input.anonymous, i don't feel like i'm wasting my time. i'm not argueing with anyone. i do show the plan quite often to those around me.i have some web tours to do this weekend. and i'm not criticizing anyone/calling names for those who for whatever reason have a bad taste their mouth for quixtar. i am however, enjoying conversing back and forth with joe and anyone else who wants to carry on an intelligent conversation. i am very  fired up about my buisness and nothing said is going to change that. but i can still enjoy conversation with someone who doesn't share my same views.crowe die hard team for life!semper fi,jonathanp.s. i love my team.


one thing i wanted to clear up before i go to bed. joe when i said any ibo can be successful if they decide to be. i meant to include anyone period. you don't have to be a ibo to be a success. "can't" is something that is excepted, not done! that's not from a motivational tools cd either. it was engrained in me through 4yrs. of the marine corp.infantry. i just wanted you to take it that i was trying to say you had to be an "ibo" to be a success.


man i need to go to bed. i'm trying to type. "i didn't want you to take it as me saying you had to be an ibo to be a success". there, i typed what i was trying to say.finally good night everybody.semper fi,jonathan


it took me 9 months to get rid of a quixstar lady. i really respect those who are into it. may be it works for them. but when i am not interested that means "go away"..me and my husband are approached by more than 20 people.it really scares me when some one looks at me with a fake smile showing all their teeth.


it seems that a lot of qbots don't quite understand the basis of economics. now, macroeconomics 101, the very basic principle of human economy: supply and demandthere is a supply, and there is a demand in usual business. when the supply is greater than demand, you cannot sell the object. for example, the supply of toilet paper is huge, and the demand for toilet paper isn't exactly huge, thus, you don't pay for toilet paper.another example, condoms. the demand for condom is great because the supply of young and nubile white women in my frat is more than the supply of condoms, therefore, we charge for condoms.yet another example, the supply of tall, leggy, blonde women from norway is limited due to genetic and geographic reasons, and demand for them is big. as a result, research shows that a chinese man like me need to make up to $133500 yearly to seduce such a white woman.now, on to the q business. the difference between q business and walmart, or say my frat house, is that you must create demand for it by getting downlines. i will make an example for those who are academically challenged (a lot of qbots are this type).let me use a personal example, it's a friday night, and my frat is having a huge party, and there are girl 1 and girl 2. girl 1 is a beautiful, nubile, blonde white woman, and girl 2 is my bro's girlfriend, who is also white but just not that hot. now, my bro is faithful to girl 2 because he is emotionally invested in her and he will defend her as vehemently as any qbot here, but if he is single, he will definitely pick girl 2, because girl 2 has higher value.so maybe umm, dump the business?stay toned for my next writeup paralleling the business to a cult, hopefully with citations and more reference to young, nubile white women.


so jonathan, tell me this.  you buy your xs at $20.40 per case and sell it for $24.00 per case and give away shipping for free?  to hawaii?  standard flat rate box to hawaii from tennessee costs $8.95, so that means your total investment is $29.35?  it cost you $5.35 just to sell the product, what money did you gain?sure you can make it up once you get others below you fighting to make things work.  but this isn't as profitable as the ibos make it out to be.i agree selling the xs is the easiest mover, but the smallest margins leaves little room to wiggle.anyways, it sure takes some courage and commitment to sell the quixtar brand, but am not sure how much honor they carry, if you know what i mean.....semper fi


dowhitewomen4china:maybe you need to spend some more time in the classroom than with your frat, for your mastery of the english language is leaving some to be desired.regarding your reference to girl 2 having more value?  maybe if you are into girls that are, hmmm how did you put it, just not that hot?  if that's your thing, do what you got to do.  but that doesn't mean girl 2 has higher value.  i think you meant girl 1, as opposed to girl 2.additionally, i will try and figure how to "tone" in next time.  are you referring to my muscle tone?  or maybe the tone of my voice?  please report to english 101 for remedial lessons.besides that you are right on, just need some improvement in delivery, but i am sure you have heard that one before.  especially when trying to impress those "white chicks".


english clearly isn't my strong point, but when one can bang a young, nubile white woman because one doesn't have to throw all the money and freetime down the drain for a pyrmaid scheme, it's great.actually, it's really great. why don't you go get a doctoral degree or something? my father can't spell half as good and he's probably make more $$$ than most of the diamonds, what a society.


idowhitewoman4china,show me how to make 100,000k + per year in my spare time if not through this business opportunity which by the way is approved by the ftc and quixtar being a member of the bbb. can you show us please?


show me anyone that actually made over 100000k part time please


danny and renate snipes. the have a $ 3 million beach home. not with the job income. they spend hundreds of dollars everyday. you can't. therefore you don't make $ 100.000 in your spare time.by the way 100k = 100.000 and not 100000kbut 100.000.000 part time sounds like a better incentive to me at least.


one example of a quixtar diamond making a lot of money?bill gates makes more than that but there aren't thousands of people trying to duplicate microsoft.


joecool is that mode of reasoning how your mother thought you or is it just your choice? anyway, i wouldn't want to associate with a whinnie like you.


anonymous coward said:  joecool is that mode of reasoning how your mother thought you or is it just your choice? anyway, i wouldn't want to associate with a whinnie like you.joe says:  that's teh same line of reasoning as "look at the diamond's cushy lifestyle", all you need to do is duplicate it.


joecool,i've been looking at your new blog. such an awesome guy you are. on the one hand you talk about your quixtar/amway/mlm/whatever crusade as being just a matter of opinions and nothing more yet you call me a coward because i'm anonymous. fine. by the same account your name sounds just as anonymous to me and to anyone else.what i found enlightening about you is that you are married, 40 years old (now you got younger, 28, as per your profile (http://www.blogger.com/profile/09121920263105613498)) and yet you go around screwing other women and talking about fetishes such as rimming. you like to rim, don't you? no wonder you are so full of shit. your mind is just that full of shit and it's doesn't take great discernment to see that. wow! and i remember my upline telling me about the bathroom wall of the internet. i guess that rimming should be done exclusively in a bathroom and to write on walls with its product. you are such an awesome guy. someone having harassed you? lol! a guy like you certainly gets harassed.


anonymous, are you tex's playmate?


hey anon....give me your real name, birth date and all pertinent information so i can do a background search on you.  what will come up?  anything of interest?  anything that you wouldn't want spead across the internet?  i didn't realize you were perfect.  those who live in glass houses shouldn't cast the first stone...i thought all you ibo's were upstanding christians?


interesting that quixtar ibos like to think they are christian faith, but all the do is pass judgement on others."matthew 7:1 - do not judge so that you will not be judged."but yet when ibos are rejected, their response is to bash others, to call them losers and tell them they are stupid.  this program is in fact a cult.  it has some levels of success for certain individuals, meanwhile those on the bottom of the system pay the price.  sure you can move up, but not without the plight of someone else.  meaning finding some sucker that wants to pay more money for inferior products.but if you are not with them, you are against them.  most ibos (notice i didn't say all) can't just leave it alone when dealing with rejection.  reason is they believe which believing in anything is a good thing, but if what you believe in carries no merit, then you will soon fall flat on your face.even looking at quixtar bsms and the financial stats they provide paints a pretty bad picture.  just look at the average income of an ibo.  it's nowhere near what the ibos sell when telling you to chase a dream.  unless you can find a way to stretch out $115 per month!  (that is published in the sa4400 as the average ibo monthly income.)  even if you say that figure is diluted, then doesn't that tell you something?  that if that many people fail, the system isn't as fool proof as you may think.  heck that $115 per month, wouldn't even cover the value of my time of showing 1 plan, not including gas and other expenses.but for all you ibos keep chasing that dream, let me know when you get there.


remember this too:"one out of every 218 “active*” ibos actually achieved the hypothetical monthly bv performance illustrated above in at least one month during the 12-month survey period."these show great chances for succes!  woo hoo and we are the losers?"approximately .0061% and .0065% of ibos of record in north america achieved the illustrated level of performance in the calendar year ending december 31, 2005."what else needs be said?"help six people or more do the  same and you have a potential income of $200,000–$550,000 per year"if on 1 of every 218 are succesful that means i need to show the plan to 1308, meanwhile making sure the ones i got on board stay focused.  and that's assuming that every single one of those 1308 times showing the plan turns into ibo.  interesting to see some stats on how many plan showings actuall turn into ibos then factor that in to really show you how many times you need to show the plan in order to be successful.i am not allergic to work, but this doesn't seem to be the same picture that the ibos paint on a daily basis.


but to answer the original question what do i feel?it depends.  if i tell them no and they persist, then it is annoying.  i am pretty straight forward and do not wish to waste your time, nor mine.  but if you are that arrogant that you think you can try to be pushy about it, then you are crossing the line.i know it all depends on people's personalities, but still no means no!tired of the "we are better than you!" attitude, seems like we are back in jr. high school again with the popularity clubs, if you don't join your not cool!  people get over yourself.  just like every job, quixtar has hit pitfalls as well.  don't expect anyone to believe it is perfect as neither is the corporate world.


quixtar es la mejor oportunidad de negocios del mundo. si tu crees en tus suenos, y harras lo que tienes que hacer para tener los resultados deseados, tu tendras gran exito.


i was in q* for roughly 8 months, guess what? i didn't make a penny, i spent so much money on those "voluntary meetings", standard orders, and cds. my questions to all upline is if you really want to be successful, and want to help your downline be successful, why do you charge them so much for those "educational materials"?, is it because you get a cut? yes, you do. i had 30 people under me and i spent 30 hours a week just by going to meetings, showing the plan...how  pathetic....to all the ibos out there, your upline doesn't have any best interest for you, they want you to buy the products, so their paycheck gets bigger. i remember once i had 2 exams and 1 paper due , but my upline wantted me to drive some of my downlines to the meeting, because this "big shot" is coming to show the plan...guess what i told him i couldn't go. but within 10 mins, 3 more uplines called me...try to convince me to go....folks, if i was still in q*, i would have never graduated from college, and never got a job..lol...me and some of my friends don't talk anymore because of q*. so people, before you join up, you should really think about the consequences. if you want to talk about residual income, then save up all the money you would have wasted on q*, buy an apartment building and rent it out, then use it as leverage to buy more real estate, in 10 years you'll get your residual income, your equity plus respect from your friends. tom


i hate it when some one compliments my dress or bag, asks me about my country of origin and then takes my phone number. after two days he /she will call about q* bullshit.  i have some frnds who are q* ibos and whole time they talk about diamonds/big house/platinum/ etc. most of my non q* friends avoid them .so now i am readinghttp://www.freedomofmind.com/resourcecenter/books/rtb.htm


when they say me you will be a milliner, i think i don't want to be a milliner when my friends will be avoiding me.


i've been approached 3 times by strangers in public places who have tried to get me to join. the most recent was just a few months ago.  it's really annoying because the last two times, they have been very vague initially and once they found out that i do freelance web design/development, they act as if they are involved with something similar and ask to exchange numbers.  after that, they call me a few days later and set up a meeting.  it really wastes my time and is annoying. i feel kinda bad for these guys though. at least i know how it works now and i can ask them up front if it's quixtar.


yep, the word is out about quixtar, at least in north america.


my husband attempeted it for a while.thank god that is over.those people are completely sick.oh yeah.the same stuff u buy anyway.no pal. i do not spend $28.00 for a pack of 9 food bars.i forget what kind.but that is a real price.the meetings,the conferences.its like a cult.please.stick with college.find a good job.these people wont have ur back when your  something and have no retirement.


here's my experience and my views. might be a good read for new ibos.http://www.besikk.com/?p=27


antipretic,i was once an ibo, many, many moons ago (that's native american for years) when i had recently graduated from college but couldn't land a "real job" due to tough economic times. my emotions were weak and i caved in to their delusions of passive income and never having to work for money again. there i was told that jobs are pyramid schemes too since the ceo gets paid the most and you as an employee gets paid the least and after you draw it out on a map it looked like a pyramid. i was hooked. i went to a meeting or two before i officially joined and when i received my welcome package and gained access to their website i saw with my very eyes why this will never work. basically every business makes money by selling products. companies like coca-cola, walmart, macy's, etc. the list is huge. q* sells similar products but they are either on par with retail prices or they are higher. who would buy a q* brand when you can get a nationally advertised product for the same price or maybe even cheaper at walmart or costco? i wouldn't even be able to sell this stuff to my own mother unless i enjoyed ripping off friends and family. i saw the system for what it is and it is not for selling the product. they preach self-consumption or "being paid to shop" since you'll using the same stuff anyways. well if it was me, i'd buy what was cheaper and even ibo's can't buy this stuff cheaper than the nationally advertised stuff at costco. i got my head promptly out of my ass at that moment and quit right away. this is not a business about selling products rather it a business about selling the idea of a business and a dream that, that business will one day run itself and you'll be financially free. the only way to truly make it was to find someone else willing to work for that dream. and that person in turn had to go find someone else. until finally you had enough "down-lines" that their "self-consumption" would generate enough points or commission that you'll have passive income.my advise, listen and have an open mind. take the advise of anna and rlauren. see if you can make it work if you are hard set on making it work. heck, contact semperfi for help, that's what these uplines ibo's are for right? but please take a hard look at the numbers. they don't lie. compare their products to nationally advertised brands and see if you are even remotely competitive. no business has ever survived without selling something for a profit. the last company that tried to fake self-consumption and pass it on as sales was enron and we all know how that ended.today i am an engineer for a large corporation enjoying a modest upper middle-class income. why would i be here if i have no further business with q*? because my research into someone whom i felt was like a hero  led me back into q* and i am sad to admit that my respect for robert kiyosaki is waning...


this is a long post, but i went into a quixtar meeting and consider myself a biased person on the matter.  i will explain what happened from beginning so please read if you are interested into how the "system works".i just graduated college and my mom's friend was bragging about my success with small money making schemes i have done(selling vitamins to college students, creating calendars, etc.) and been very profitable to one of her friends.  her friend said i sounded like a person that would fit well with his "team" she gave him my number and he contacted me.  on the phone i was asked if i was interested in a marketing job that was paying very well so we set up a job interview at a local hotel.  being young and naive i never asked the company's name.  so i showed up dressed nice and trying to make good impression, but little did i know what i was walking in to.  my mom's friend, we will call him jack, started asking me slow pitch questions about how money is made.  me, being an economics major was somewhat insulted by the low level questions and felt a sense of buttering up or trying to make me feel "good".  unlike other job interviews, which ask you challenging questions, i started to become skeptical of what was going on here.  i then was introduced to another team member, axel, yes, that was his real name.  he was  only 19 so i became even more confused.  so jack continued to talk very vague about how people make me in general and how his system works.  compared it to wal-mart and amazon. he then asked if enjoyed reading and i said yes and he asked me some author which i have never heard of and he pulled out some leadership book and said it was amazing. then i met another team member, amy 17, and her mother. jack caller her the child genius but she seemed average while i engaged in conversation and was also very vague and not to the point when i started asking deep questions about what was going on.  jack then took over the conversation because i believe he knew i was on to what was going on.       the mean time, jack was pointing around to different people in the lobby saying who they were and how successful they were with the business.  we then walked into the meeting room with over 100 people and i was told to sit in the front row with the other guests.  these other guests had brought notepads to take notes from the speaker.  after realizing this was no longer an actual job interview but some kind of marketing ploy, i became even more interested into what was to be discussed.  the speaker then came onto stage looking professional but was far from it.  he then went into more details about the company then finally said its name, quixtar.  the whole time he was saying how most people trade in time for dollars, duh, or do investments which require a large initial investment.  he said quixtar was the alternative for "smart" people trying to live a "better" lifestyle such as buying pricey cars or huge boats.  i then started to lose faith in the speaker because his attempt to act funny/dumb was very weak yet the front row full of saps was loving it.  he repeatedly hit the microphone to his head when he messed up talking and other antics which just seemed to cover up his lack of actual training for speaking to an audience.  this went on for over one hour with him saying, the systems works, billions are being made and the numbers don't lie.  quixtar offered items you would normally buy at wal-mart or the mall but at lower prices he claimed(free shipping if you buy $75dollars or more).  he said the first customer is yourself saying we should all start buying from the quixtar companies and no longer retails stores you would normally would.  then he set up the image of you bringing your friends into it to and them buying and then telling their friends.  sounds so fun huh?  after hearing about how much the average ibo makes $115 a month i think?  they failed to say you have to purchase your own inventory to give out samples to your skeptical friends or future clients.  but the bulk of the business is done online, which made sense to me.  but still why would someone buy something from a brand they have never heard about?  i was then the told the water they sale, "perfect water" has been in testing for over 50years and is the best water you can drink!!!!  after the meeting i was given a packet with the same info i just listened to, a dvd and some cds.  i  read over them, watched the dvd, which was nothing more than people saying how good quixtar was, but failed to listen to the audio cds because i did not want to sit in my car and listen due to the fact that i drove there and had no portable cd player with me.  i then met jack the next day at a local starbucks to discuss it even more.  axel showed up and played on his phone the entire "meeting".  during the meeting i continued to ask questions which were then returned by a question from jack. he then asked why i didn't listen to cds and they would open my brain up.  i was asking myself, why am i wasting time with this, this guy knows nothing of proper business skills.  i stayed because i am nice individual and did not want to be rude.  he then made me fill out a list of my friends who i thought would be interested in making some extra money, like myself.this is where it got even more out of control.  i made a list of around 20 friends and he then wanted me to call them, right there and ask them if they too were interested in making extra money.  but i then would hand the phone to jack because he said i was lacking the knowledge and skill in delivering the message of quixtar in an successful way.  i felt put on the spot but did it anyways.  several of my friends picked up, others did not because they work or are going to summer school.  the ones that did pick up were pretty confused about the situation and once i gave the phone to jack to deliver the message, it became somewhat rude.he was overly aggressive and attacked them by asking why don't you wanna make more money, can't you just give me an answer, you're beating around the bush, i need a yes or no, then once they said no,  he would hang up, not even letting me talk to them.  i became very irritated and was getting texts back from them instantly saying who the hell was that jerk, what is going on, why is he so rude, and so on.  jack then said this is excellent, this only means that you need to make new friends that want to make money like you do.  i was somewhat shocked and this whole delivery.  this was the second time for me to see this guy, only have talked to him for around an hour and he is harassing my long time friends for years and telling me to make friends that are driven for success.  jack didn't realize that he spoke to several medical school students, a law school student, and other business school friends that are very financially driven and motivated. but his lack of business ethics, marketing skills and obvious brainwashing tactics are a joke.  once the meeting was over he wanted to meet up again, i had still not said what i was going to do, but set up another meeting.  i then called my friends and apologized for jack being such an ass.  and they laughed once i told them the whole story. this was definitely a learning experience and will be great story to share to educated people who know there is no such thing as a free lunch


i posted it herehttp://www.webraw.com/quixtar/forum/viewtopic.php?p=79898#79898i'm not much active in this blog, u took time to write it and u can get more visibility there. hakuna mutata!


don't give yourself so much credit.  ibo's really don't care what you think.  if they do they won't make it very far in the business.  we actually have self-esteem.  if you are afraid of a stranger talking to you, your self-image is probably pretty poor.


of course ibo's care, that's why are always visiting these websites.


all of you are wrong quixtar is about pursueing your dream you probbali didnt pursue your dream becuase your all quitterz


i thought quixtar was supposed to be a business.  anonymous says it is pursuing a dream.  no wonder most ibo's lose money.  they are pursuing a dream and not running a business.  lol


i’m just share my views from top to bottom as i see them.i feel this is a good simply because its consistent with how the user is used to seeing the comment form and filling out information in general. filling out the name and email wont take me much time, and if you really wanted to go ahead and type the comment first, you can do so, not really that big of a work around. small business plane out line


i’m just share my views from top to bottom as i see them.i feel this is a good simply because its consistent with how the user is used to seeing the comment form and filling out information in general. filling out the name and email wont take me much time, and if you really wanted to go ahead and type the comment first, you can do so, not really that big of a work around. small business plane out line


i too was an ibo, brought in by an employer from a part time job. it's been just under 10 years since i walked away. i was recently approached by someone for another company with strikingly similar sales methods. they don't push the "tools" aspect but the people and their demeanor is scarily similar. i'm almost done paying off my q debts.


oh, yeah, i remember my altercation with the ambots (this was before quixtar was introduced in our country - my experience occurred ten years ago).my boyfriend (now husband) and i were in our last year of high school. my boyfriend worked part time after school at a retail store and yeah, you already know how he got sucked into it: some customers he'd served called him at the store and invited him to bring me to "peruse an exciting small business plan."i knew there was something wrong from the start. my husband is a wonderful man but a poor judge of character. so we didn't say "hell no" immediately. it was when we arrived back to our prospective upline's mould-riddden rental property in one of the poorest towns in new zealand, a night on which they decided that it'd be a great way to lure us in (they'd showed us the plan three times that week and i guess they were getting frustrated by our indecision) to boast about how one day, they'd be sitting at dinner parties with crystal champagne flutes in their hands, fraternizing with doctors and lawyers and astronauts (that last part seemed particularly unlikely as we were living in new zealand at the time. new zealand's not well known for its space program because, well, it doesn't have one). i almost choked. i've dreamed of being a doctor my entire life. i suddenly had a vivid image of someone at one of these dinner parties smiling a blood-red smile at me and saying,"so, what do you do?" instead of replying, "i'm a doctor" i would have to mumble, "um, i'm an amway distributor."i gtfo on that very night, and i haven't looked back. meanwhile, that couple, who'd be calling baby sitters in four nights a week to take care of their children while they went off to stp or attend on of their hysteric-riddden rallies, are now poorer than they were when we first met them - and that was when they'd be "plugging into the system" for eight years.


what should be done with amway?


i am a critic of amway, but i wont click on any ad links. i would like you to keep posting about amway for a looong time.ladies and gentlemen - please spread the truth about amway/quixtar. tell as many people as you can about this scam so innocent people will have prior knowledge of this cult before an ambot approaches them and promises them "financial freedom".


promises of financial freedom... wow, what a revelation! when i was approached, i was never made any promises, all i was told was that it's going to take work and effort to make it work and that no one is going to do that work for so that it becomes welfare.wow, you people are pretty sharp deceivers! i checked the opportunity out and now i feel confident that it is for real. thank god i did not listen to people like you!


anon2...we are the deceivers?? that's funny.  be honest with yourself, they told you that you could make how much working how long???  i doubt you are the only ibo that was told, "hey wanna make a lot of money?? it will be the hardest work you have ever done.  you will never have time to yourself.  you will need to buy countless cd's and books or be chastized if you don't.  by the way this is amway...we are very open in letting people know that.  but despite all this you will be a millionaire, well might be, the failure rate is something like 95%"  keep on hanging on your uplines every word.  it should work out well for you.


"but despite all this you will be a millionaire, well might be, the failure rate is something like 95%"95%!?!! anna, how could you spread such lies like that? i thought you're a person of integrity.the failure rate is actually just 99.83%... :d


i really wanted to search peoples comments on quixtar and realized that those that don't put their effort into anything will badmouth it to others. in other words you become a crab! so here you are thinking your helping others by installing negativity so that they don't fall in the same hole you did. thats great and all but what doesn't work for you may work for others. i wont give examples why it wont work for you because everyone has different excuses. i was never promised millions and was never told it'll be quick. i was told like any other job that it would take time and effort. this is comming from someone who's only been in this for 3 weeks. already i'm on the move and doing what i have to do. i've tried other places like rich dad poor dad, robert allen, primerica, and 2by2.net. those are high priced plans that scream out skam! anyways, the best thing that i learned from my meeting is that if i'm going to take advise on something, make sure its from someone that has the experience not someone who fails!


anon3 says..."i really wanted to search peoples comments on quixtar and realized that those that don't put their effort into anything will badmouth it to others. in other words you become a crab! so here you are thinking your helping others by installing negativity so that they don't fall in the same hole you did. thats great and all but what doesn't work for you may work for others. i wont give examples why it wont work for you because everyone has different excuses. i was never promised millions and was never told it'll be quick. i was told like any other job that it would take time and effort. this is comming from someone who's only been in this for 3 weeks. already i'm on the move and doing what i have to do. i've tried other places like rich dad poor dad, robert allen, primerica, and 2by2.net. those are high priced plans that scream out skam! anyways, the best thing that i learned from my meeting is that if i'm going to take advise on something, make sure its from someone that has the experience not someone who fails!"all i have to say is wow...you were taught well, and learned quickly.  why would you assume that anyone that has something to say negative about something means that they have failed?  why would you assume that some of these critics don't have just as much if not more experience?  you are right about one thing...everyone has excuses...you have one right now.  you also have one when your family wants to see you, you will also have one when you realize that you are hoplessly in debt.


i use to be in quixtar what is it that you, in your blog, would offer that would be better then a chance at success? i have a career i get paid well, i have a family and i raise my kids and learn to do better everyday.what wisdom would you share with everyone that might teach them something that would better your life.dont get me wrong i quit because of the changes they are making, i learned alot from the high level achievers in the quixtar busines.i didnt learn anything from quixtar. except dont trust lazy 2nd generation kids who dont have the kahonas their fathers had.i think it would be better if you went after quixtar more then you go after the people in it. some people have really moral and ethical leadership that really wants to see them win.do you know the difference?between the company and its ibo's?that might be the big picture problem.sorry about the caps


what should be done about amway?  roll it up like the enron scam business that it is.  freeze the remaining assets and distribute them to the poor.


quixtar is a multibillion dollar company that has great products and services. i have known and personally know many financial achievers in quixtar and amway. the founding families of this company have enough assets to retire and not work another day of their lives yet the continue to work to assist others in success. it is a great business.


i just got started in quixtar.  i have seen proof that it works for some people.  i also know it is going to take time and effort to make it work.  but what i was really wondering....if you think it is such a bad deal, why did you stay in till you lost $10,000?


anonymous, many ibos stay in until the losses mount because they are programmed to do so.  upline labels people who quit as losers, failures.  it becomes peer pressure to stay in.  plus they teach you how staying in one more week could turn your business around, success could be right around the corner, etc.once you have been in for a while, it's hard to quit.


fyi...for those of you who think it's a scam..well it isn't. you probably only think that because you failed to suceed!sucks to be you! i'm actually a diamond and making shitloads of money than you will ever make in your life time. and all it takes is a lot of ahrd worlk and a lot of heart! if you want ot give up on yourself it is totally up to you. do not listen to a blogger who is probably nowhere in his/her life and just sits at his/her computer and makes false comments about a great business. have you actually been to a conference or an expo. you will probably never find a group of people more succesful, accomplished and rich$$$$$. and the product sold by quixtar are amazing. all i really want to say os try it for yourself before listening to a failure. make your own decisons! you can do it!


what statements here are false?you say you're making tons of money but it's all relative.  maybe the bloggers make more money than you.  you haven't proven anything except the ability to bs.


1. i don't understand how could someone lose $10000 in a business which has a 100% money back guarantee on seed capital( if you could call it so) and also on running capital? and if someone did then what kind of an entrepreneur is he? and why should i listen to him when i set out to start my business?2. failing rate in amway? if someone is not a diamond you call it failure? why? someone making a $500 or $1000 extra is not successful? why don't you count those people in success rate? because your definition of success is something else. you think if someone is not a diamond thats a failure. please don't push your idea of calculating success rate on others.


...continuing from my earlier post3. amway is a scam? yeah sure and you're the smartest guy on this earth. imagine a multi-billion dollar scam running successfully since last 50 years in more than 80 countries and territories fooling  millions of people and every kind of economy ... from capitalist economy in us/canada, to communist economy in china, to socialist economies. you think amway could fool everybody,every government and   every court except you. you should be given noble peace prize for the discovery of the century for world peace. if you think its a scam then i guess such a scam deserves due respect.4. on a serious note, who are you to call it a scam? you'll decide what should be done with amway? every court every federal trade commission has given a verdict that amway business is a legal business and should be used as a standard for the whole direct selling industry. you talk about uk? amway won the case and operations have started again in uk. what do you know? are you above the law to give your declarations? your words simply imply that along with amway ibos, even those esteemed judges who gave these verdicts were dumb? you know why amway doesn't sue people like you saying such things? my guess is that they don't sue you because they won't get anything by suing you and its a total waste of time and money on their part and free publicity for your blog and stuff. if some big corporate house or some highly successful person said such things about amway then it makes sense to sue him. alas, anyone who is highly successful respects amway and its business model because they have a clear vision. alas, such people have only good things to say about amway and people who run amway.


...continuing from my earlier post again5. there's a human psychology that those who quit or fail in something don't brag about their failures. amway is the only business where u alway find exceptions. here you find people who feel so proud of their failure that they start a blog of their own to tell the whole world that they failed. they want to tell  everyone that since they couldn't make it so they think no one else can make it too.6. why should i listen to you? you wanna compare yourself with amway people? late jay vanandel (co-founder of amway) said "purpose of life is to glorify god in everything you do". this is one of the most profound and enlightening statements i ever heard. one who understands his purpose of life in this way can never do anything wrong. honestly, did you ever sit down to think whats the purpose of your life or you're here only to win arguments? if you did then you'd know what you were doing. you don't even know what and who you're talking about.


...continuing from my last post7. maybe someone tricked you into amway. maybe you didn't get proper support by your upline to see the results coming your way, to prove it to you that it could work for you. if thats the case then honestly i feel sorry about that. but more than that my heart goes out to those who even under negligible or negative support from their upline became successful in amway business because it was their dream not their upline's. i met one such couple from hongkong a few days back. their upline diamond quit amway to join some other mlm and took away practically their whole group of leaders when they were about to start qualification. if they thought like you they'd be where you are happy today. but they built the business for some solid reason of their own, not for their upline or amway and today they are crown ambassadors in hongkong and crown in china (anita and clement fu). such moments don't define where you go in life but your reaction to such moments define where you go in life. some people find a way  and some people find circumstances to blame. i understand maybe you were misguided after you started amway business. you find good and bad people in every profession. in india, my country, we find bad people even in the most noble professions like medicine. that doesn't mean you blame medical profession. that doesn't stop anyone from aspiring to become a doctor, and a good doctor for that matter. likewise, there might be some amway ibos who do not present the business in the most ethical/authentic way. that doesn't mean amway business is bad. amway has given sufficient protection to new ibos in terms of refund policies and lots of things. whats needed is common sense. the problem area, i think, is that people after joining amway surrender their intelligence to their upline. when actually they're required to surrender intelligently to their upline.


amit said:   there might be some amway ibos who do not present the business in the most ethical/authentic way. that doesn't mean amway business is bad.joe says:  amit, while this is true, at what point is it a problem that needs to be addressed?  it seems like unethical ibos are still rampant in quixtar and not much has beendone to reign them in.


for me, i will never criticize my competitor. i'd rather do a healthy competition so as to achieve that much sought prestige with high regards to feelings rather than money.  if this is applied, eventual freedom to reach that success is just a meter away.


people post allot of crap on the internet about amway but never took the time to examine about what it is. in every business you have to put in work  and effort into it so that it can work. people expect to sit back on their a** and make money well let me tell you with success there is a price to pay and stop posting junk on the internet you'll are the deceivers


how much open costs you?


good post dude. i hope people realize that quixstar is a scam preying on the ignorant and brainwashing them.abt the money: it costs a lot. thats why quixbots need to slave away at their hated 9-5 job to pay for these expenses. at least, those who love their job are more likely to have a career and succeed in their profession.abt the time: these stupid quixstar "ibos" don't have anything better to do with their time than to hang out with other quixlosers. so they can't really complain about time.


i agree with anon1.  i would add that most ibo's don't track their expenses. even if they see a loss they are told by their adored upline that it is normal and success is just around the corner creating excitement, therefore, they ignore the loss.  add on top of that the pressure an ibo is put under to buy tools and attend these meetings or not and risk being chastized, so they continue at any cost.time wise...i add that they are encoraged to surround themselves people who are positive about the business and to not waste their time with anyone negative as that may influence them.  so basically that leaves them with only other q* folk to be with.  they see that their time is being well spent, no matter the cost.


an open at the time i was doing the "business" was $3.00 which included the "speech" and the "training session" after.     however there is the "hidden" cost.   so basic cost per year  $150.00 add to at least one night owl a month, which was free unless you ate, let say $5.00, lets say $60 a year..   now the basic is $210.00.  i have not added car maintance.  in the grand scheme, $210.00 per year is not a major cost. however it is the tip of the iceberg.     add weekly tapes, around 210.00 now we have two soft drinks a day to give up..again no biggie.   then the amvox..but hey there is pv/bv yet it is still a cost of doing business.  if i remember correctly it was around $21.00 per month, we are now up to $670 for the year.  four major functions at $50.00 now we are at $870.00.   the thing about it, is this is each year and this is basic.


from our experience personal experience: in our area an open meeting was $5 per person. so for a couple it cost us $10. sometimes there was a "training session" for our team after the meeting and if so it was included in the price of attending the meeting. there was always the "meeting after the meeting" usually at a coffee shop where food and beverage costs were normally at least $20. we always had at least a coffee each and most nights a toasted sandwich or other light meal as we often were pressed for time with us both getting home from work, getting the kids organized and getting ready to head out to the meeting.babysitting costs were $30 per week. based on mileage the vehicle cost was about $6 per week. literature packs were about $50 and on average we probably lost one per month. so personally our expenses for the open were $10 + $20 + $30 + $12 = $72 per week. i personally believe that the weekly open is a cash cow for the higher pin running the meeting in many locations. we saw many, many meetings being run with 100 to 150 ibo's at $5 per person. our research of all the relevant venues showed that the average cost to hire the room for the evening was about $150. this shows a profit of $350 to $600 per meeting. we know some diamonds that ran opens in several locations. we believe that the speaking fee paid to the higher pins balances out because they all take turns at speaking for each other anyway.looking back now it is sickening to see that we followed the system for so long.


lol!$72 per week... ohhhh, noo, noooo, noooo! it is too expen$ive!$870 per year is waaaayyyy too much too!see... we whine, whine and whine because "this is each year and this is basic" and "it is sickening to see that we followed the system for so long."! woooow! naughty!unless you were already broke otherwise, what's your excuse? you probably $pend a few hundred per year going to mcdonalds anyway! why not invest it in your business? well, first you must believe in your return potential otherwise, no wonder one finds an excuse to quit!you found your excuse!


calculating fuel cost, lit packs, entry fee (6 cad) it does come near to $50 in a good week (prospects), $30 otherwise. easy. and no, i don't spend hundreds of dollars eating in mcdonalds. it's bad for health.


dear loser,to hell with your engineering mentality. why dont you just believe blindly instead of questioning? and that too with numbers! oh, the audacity. success comes to those who submit with blind faith and not to whiners who ask too many tough questions./sarcasm


to the poster - "unless you were already broke otherwise, what's your excuse? you probably $pend a few hundred per year going to mcdonalds anyway! why not invest it in your business? well, first you must believe in your return potential otherwise, no wonder one finds an excuse to quit!"what makes you think we need an excuse? who says we didn't believe in our return potential? for your information friend, we made it well into the top 1% of all ibo's. we qualified for seven (7) all expense paid amway trips. we have several plaques from rich and jay in our cupboard. we didn't quit on an excuse. an excuse is just the skin of a reason stuffed with a lie. we quit because of the many truths we discovered once we achieved the higher levels. (judging by the tone of your post i believe levels that you are probably just dreaming about achieving).how is your amquix business going? how many personals have you sponsored? how many are in your group? what is your monthly net profit that you will be showing on your taxes this year? what is the average net profit of all those involved in your group?i encourage you to take a long hard look at what you are involved in, because believe me when you make it to the top, if you are a person of integrity, you won't like what you see!


anon3 said..."see... we whine, whine and whine because "this is each year and this is basic" and "it is sickening to see that we followed the system for so long."! woooow! naughty!unless you were already broke otherwise, what's your excuse? you probably $pend a few hundred per year going to mcdonalds anyway! why not invest it in your business? well, first you must believe in your return potential otherwise, no wonder one finds an excuse to quit!you found your excuse!"let me ask you this...how many other businesses do you know of that make you pay weekly for the information needed to succeed in that business?  i don't care if its a dollar a week, it doesn't make sense.  your upline is invested in you, more like you are invested in your upline.  if this is such a great "opoortunity" and produces countless millionaires with little overhead then why the need fo these weekly meetings?  why the need to pay for them?  does the information needed to run your "business" really fluctuate that often that weekly meetings are needed? if so, then maybe there is a problem with the "business" to begin with.


gina... just who are you? your attitude clearly shows that you expect to see results upfront, overnight or whatever. my parents are pretty much the same. my mom said that she will just "try", not do and that she will quit in one week if she  does not see results! besides, i have invited my parents several times to the evening open meeting and every time they refuse to attend because they will lose 60 dollars at their job! sad!


anonymous said... gina... just who are you? your attitude clearly shows that you expect to see results upfront, overnight or whatever. my parents are pretty much the same. my mom said that she will just "try", not do and that she will quit in one week if she does not see results! besides, i have invited my parents several times to the evening open meeting and every time they refuse to attend because they will lose 60 dollars at their job! sad!i am gina....i am a traditional business owner.(before you ask, it is doing very well, thank-you)  i do not expect to see results in one week with anything much less business.  but back to the point, in true ibo fashion you dodged the questions at hand.  do you really get so much diverse and valuable informaton for your "business" weekly by paying for these meetings??  or are they just put in place to keep you reeled in and your check book open?  in the face of valid questions that would force logic in answering you try to turn things around.  that in itself answered my questions. sounds like your parents are pretty smart...it's a shame they were unable to pass that along to you.


thank god i don't resemble too much to them or else i would be as they are and have what they have.it's a shame when at 27 years old, my mom still tells me that:"10 o'clock is bed time because tomorrow morning you wake up at 6!""don't talk to strangers!""don't talk to girls or women because they are crazy and can go to the police and say you were trying to rape them!""don't attempt to think that you can control and do whatever you want in your life, no one does!""don't think that you can be who you want to be , be like the rest of the society or else you will be an outcast and a sociopath!""don't ever distribute the 10 commandments because only cults and old women do so!""don't think that dreamers are real, they are fools and disconnected from reality!""don't think you are special; you are ordinary like me and your father!""don't dream, be happy and accept to take shit from others!""work and stress keep you young and healthy!""the real way to make money is to have a job, business owners are lucky with inheritances from their parents!""that quixtar business does not work and it is cheaper at walmart!"and with that last argument i have repeatedly attempted to invite my parents once, just once to a tuesday evening meeting so that they get see with their own eyes the business plan as presented by knowledgeable ibos.and yet, every time i did, they turned that invitation down because they would loose 60 dollars for taking one evening off from work!besides, they already knew the business plan and what they were drawing on paper and explaining to me did not resemble even remotely close to the actual plan.but i guess, just because they call themselves "parents" means that they know it all second to god.


27 and still living at home eh?  wow, these ibos are such winners!


lol!!!  here's a thought anon, if your parents are crazy then why not get out on your own and spread your wings?  learn how the real world functions, find what best suits you.  although your parents are crazy, you still can not fight the need to recruit them into q*!!  that is messed up.  and david is right....27 and still living at home?  wow...they say that it takes a certain kind of person to make it to the millionaire level in business...i had no idea that they meant people like you!!!


maybe ibos like to prospect 27 year old guys who live with their parents?   :p


i just stopped by here and read the story of the 27 year old guy.i want to congratulate you and do keep on fighting. you will make it regardless of who says what.as for all morons & moronesses out there, a big warm fuck you.go diamond!


no thanks....i have an excellent sex life with mu hubby....don't need your help.  but thanks for the outstanding, intelligent comment.  your upline must be soooo very proud of you.  take note all you ibo's that say a few bad apples...blah blah blah....seems to be you are in the basket with more than a few, and soon they will start having an effect on you!!!


anonymous coward wrote:  as for all morons & moronesses out there, a big warm fuck you.joe says:  it's not nice to talk like that about the hardworking ibos out there.


joecool, anna28 and the rest of you,how about you focus on your own lives and let the ibos focus on theirs?you are not productive in your arguments and it seems to me at least, that you are only looking for trouble.to have someone go all the way to tell you to off is an indication you provoke people and based on the comments i saw you make not only on this blog, but others as well.


alvis,do youhave poop for brains?  the title of the blog is "quixtar sucks" (which it does), and if you come here to read what is posted, so be it.noone is forcing you to come here and read about why quixtar sucks.


hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha *breath* hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahi will post as soon as i stop laughing at joecools respose to the clearly intelligent ibo...hilarious!!!hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahah


alvis f states:"joecool, anna28 and the rest of you,how about you focus on your own lives and let the ibos focus on theirs?you are not productive in your arguments and it seems to me at least, that you are only looking for trouble.to have someone go all the way to tell you to off is an indication you provoke people and based on the comments i saw you make not only on this blog, but others as well."i will agree with alvis on the point that there are some unproductive discussions,name calling and just downright rude comments, however, so be it, it is that darn freedom of speech thing.. and i would add, there is also the freedom to not listen..the purpose of this blog is to discuss all sides of the amway business,  going back to that freedom of speech thingy.if one thinks that they can show up and declare..how i or anyone should conduct themselves is well against the freedom of speech thingy.i am not saying a person should not sign up to be an amway salesperson...i did and found out that it is a very elaborate con job.  i was one of the lucky ones.. got out before it was too late.the point of the original post was the cost of doing business. i guess one of those cost is the loss of freedom of speech...


look you guys its very clear you hate quixtar, i too think it smells bad, you have to stop and think about what your criticizing, i can not speak for all groups, but the group i was tied in to taught alot of stuff the was based on success principals, which came from other professionals, i know there are groups that suck we all agree on that, but go after that stuff, when you criticize general things it make you look...well  just angry and thats only going to help some angry person vent, if your gonna cut q/a down then do some research on the company that hasnt done a good job working with and building up its people.because you could counter what you right about opens by simple saying how much does college cost?and then we could say something retorical like how much to you get paid in the career of your choice if you quit?do you see my point????hammer on the shut down in england maybe...just suggestionsdont tell me to start my own blog...amway is suing them so no thanks.


rocko, the point is, in a nutshell, are these groups selling success principles, self help, or are they supposed to teach people how to make money in quixtar?since very few people many any money in quixtar, the teaching must not work.


it's really entertaining to read posts from delusionary q user, now, let me summarize why college and q is different1. college teaches you skill that are valuable on the general market. i can get a job when i show my diploma to people, can you?2.you have to notice that a lot of people stop doing the business because it does not make them money. it's different from saying, quitting a job because you are lazy.


i am going to waste a few more minutes of my life and respond to you non achieving individuals. to get it up front i am not involved in the quixtar business.i am going to say i have read more intelligent statements on the bathroom walls in truck stops across this country. i can assure you most of you will achieve very little in life since your following the masses, which means the blind leading the blind. i want to say there is nothing wrong with an individual just wanting a job and helping your boss live a great life style and sending his family on vacations and paying for their kids schooling, while you try and pay the electric bill and hope you can afford to take your family out to eat and watch a movie maybe twice a month.let me remind each and everyone of you, if your are an employee you are overhead kinda like trash. if you think you are unreplaceable i got some great property in the dessert to sell you "gensis". keep in mind the advancements we have had in this world wasn't done by quiters. think god people like those trying to build any business don't listen to most of you or we still would be in the stone age.i am not putting down that person who wants a career in what ever because if it makes them fill accomplished when they take their last breath" great" they did do something to better our world and they will be remembered for their accomplishments but for you who will spend your life making excuses you don't have to worry about nothing you have arrived at the bottom of the barrel, so keep watching your t.v. and playing ur games and hopefully your life will be short so you will quit taking valuable space on this earth so we will have room for those who will keep on keeping on toward their dreams and goals. always remember most people on this site will put down anybody trying to do better for themselves and their family. besides if you do reach your goals in life what excuse will these quiters use then why they got nothing out of life except for heartburns and indigestion.


leb, how long have you been in quixtar?you sound like a broken record repeating what your upline has brainwashed into you.


i'm just wondering:  why are there ibo's arguing with everyone on this blog anyway?  could it be that they're a little insecure in their choice of business and are seeking the truth?  let's be nice to these poor, searching souls who have been misguided.  also, it seems to me (no matter what quixtar upline says) that the reason people quit is not because they weren't committed or they're losers - it's because they know the definition of insanity.  if something is not working, why do the same things and expect the results to change?  after years of doing everything i was told, "showing the plan" five nights a week (sometimes 2 and 3 appointments in one day, i still don't know where we got all those prospects...maybe that's why we don't have any friends!) we never showed a profit on our schedule c.  something's wrong with the quixtar picture, and it sure isn't those hardworking ibo's who just can't seem to move to the next pin.


quixtar my ass, lately i threw around $275 in this stinkning business and travelled few states in us for so called learning to show plan. to me it seems more like begging than any kind of business as they call it. you know you have to be a beggar by nature in order to succeed in it,if not everybody at least my upline and his uplines are. i have seen people talking about them as creepy thugs and salesmen selling their plans and products in the name of friendship and trust.i got few opportunities to make so called new business owners in the form of my friends and near ones but i cannot cheat anybody leave aside my close ones, for something that i myself don't like or trust. one of the persons in my upline hierarchy keeps on calling and bugging me about all this stuff and unnecesssary excitement that i should have, most of the times i don't pick up his phone and whenever i do i indirectly scold him and tell him not to call me anymore and hang up the phone, he however doesn't seem to take it to heart and keeps on doing whatever he has to. is this what quixtar wants me to do??? if yes.. then thanks but no thanks! i don't care about the money that i lost in it, i'd rather prefer learning to play some musical instrument and start performing on streets and subways. if somebody throws a buck on me it'd be for my art/honesty and not for my wiles or any deceptive and tempting language.


did any of you go at least go eagle? if not and if you are an "active" ibo, just get those stupid 10 sots and 10 people to function and then come and comment here. (chances are you would be working your buns off and wont come back here... hehe)quixtar/amway is not a scam. it is a legitimate business, approved by the ftc.bww tools and the functions - it is also another business. there is money in it for platinums and above. it is also legitimized.but... but... but...your upline may be abusing a lot of things!you won't notice much until they gain influence over you. then you will feel the "pull" to be with them at the leaderships. this is how they make you buy extra products. whenever there is a leadership you will be forced to qualify. so be prepared to sell a lot of products, else you will stock them up at your home...then you will feel the "pull" to go eagle some day sooner or later... please do not fake the extra pv checks... right now, with the tap rooting and stuff, it is 3 legs - if you fake your 3rd pv check, then god is watching you. your upline may waive it for you, but remember god - he is out there and he knows the truth.so dont fake any pin. build it right.if you did not go platinum 5 months after you went silver and are not even eagle and you hate yourself, please go out of town for 30 days and escape from your uplines and downlines. do not do any of the 9-5-3-bib. you can come back and quit easily. you do not need to go to another one of those leaderships as a fake pin and spend your money.finally is your home really a happy home?. if it has become a battle ground, then you are just wasting your time, money and energy.


i respect your opinions that this costs money that you're not willing to invest and that is fine.  i started my first business(store with an overhead and products) when i was 20 years old.  the costs of a few functions and a $7 open each week is nothing compared to the hundreds per week i had to invest in my store.  the first year was basically all out of pocket before i started to turn a profit.  i sold the store as it was not turning as much profit for my time investment as i needed in my life.  i got involved with amway after losing a job where i was working 60hr/week completely unhappy.  i am now working as a marketing specialist in an independent company 40 hours a week while building my business and taking 15 credits a semester continuing my education.  i still have off my saturdays and sundays which are the days i devote to my fiancee and social life.  all i am saying is the monetary investment for my first business vs. amway would take me 10 years of showing no profits to equate to 1 year as a small business owner.  amway is not a get rich quick scheme, but the investment both time and money are worth it.  i am a professional as well as an ibo and i get numbers daily while networking for my business.  the reason why the percentages are so low on platinum, emerald, and diamond is because 80% of people i've seen come and go sign up looking for someone to hand them money for their investments and then quit weeks later complaining about the same things you complained about on this site.  if you can't afford gas, a trip to the diner, chipping in towards an open to cover the expense of the ballroom your group rented,  or a few books that are -in my opinion- good to read for any situation in life then you really need to fix your lives.


which bird is team bird?


this comment has been removed by a blog administrator.


hint: it has a very funny retardation.hint: loser has a very funny way of being.


"loser has a very funny way of being"so true.. just look at that funny retardation!


the one on the left looks like a downs syndrome bird.


with the signing of miller from west brom on monday, mcclaren has now added five fresh faces to his squad this summer.buy anavar he has, however, been left frustrated at the speed in hotels in galway which he has been able to conduct his business and admits he had hoped to have finished rebuilding by now.


multi level marketing goto peeps


as you say that "owning a business is a pretty good idea, although intimidating. you may spend more time in it with less rewards.", proves that you imply that such is the case for everyone. enough said, your nickname speaks volumes about you.


whatever i say, u won't like because it's not speak positive about your "bidness". thanks for liking my nick. it's liked by both critics and ibos.


loser, you can't even speak proper english after having lived for how many years in toronto, canada...?


loser, you can't even speak proper english after having lived for how many years in toronto, canada...?how many years have u been in quixscam? still can't see its a pyramid scheme?


loser, you can't even speak proper english after having lived for how many years in toronto, canada...?here's some cross-line advice from the ... uhhh ... most famous ibo on the 'net *blush* ...zip it kiddo, that kind of abusive, insulting attitude does nothing but damage the reputation of yours, and more importantly my business.go learn some people skills and try again.i hadn't noticed you were back posting imran ...


thats kind of in accurate he/she told me there were hundreds of diamonds broke in "her group" (i think its a woman) blushing??come on...she/he also know way to much about the price of lip gloss.check through quixtarlostmycentsblogspot.comthere is a large amount of gender revealing and also a evidence that this spinsider and ibofb doesnt build the business(just a label reading ounce measuring liar) and is probably just a amway employee thus the insider name or the ibofb mask.you could probably direct how to get paid to blog to her..


plan, understanding, me


then why is your official nickname "loser"? do you happen to be proud of that nickname choice?


and, why are you posting as "anonymous"? do you happen to be proud of being a nameless entity?


god is also a nameless entity. we know him by different names and yet we know not his real name. so, you have no valid point here, andy!


some of these quixtar dummies are so dumb, they deserve to be in quixtar. keep working your real job and losing money to quixtar until you see through the scam. you deserve that. meanwhile, people who focus on a real job/career/profession will move up and have a great retirement. you quixbots were told that 90% of people over 65 are broke. either you are a moron to believe that or you are an immigrant who has not met americans over 65.


hey average joe boy/joanna girl,i am a canadian immigrant and my mentor is 100% canadian born. he roughly makes $ 5000 can per month in his business plus he has flushed his job so to spend time with family.so, shut up!


i make 6 grand a month from the blog ads. more than your upline eh!


yeah, loser and his victorious sentences. shut your sewage hole buddy!


yeah, loser and his victorious sentences. shut your sewage hole buddy!keep slaving away at your 9-5 job. you need that money to buy the overpriced quixscam products and weekly motivational tapes.


you know what's "dumber" than having a job?(rolling eyes)having a job and using my paycheck on quixtar products and tapes and seminar tickets.   at least without quixtar, i keep my entire paycheck.  :dwant proof of my success?  i get $7000 a month to run my blog!


"at least without quixtar, i keep my entire paycheck. :d"at least without quixtar, i, as an employee, keep some of my paycheck, government keeps the rest in taxes!muuaaaahahahahahaaaaaa..............!yo duuuude!!! yoooo...!


"at least without quixtar, i, as an employee, keep some of my paycheck, government keeps the rest in taxes!"and with quixtar, you keep some of your paycheck, government keeps teh rest in taxes, and if there's anything left, it goes to upline diamonds to pay for tapes and seminars so you can learn to justify buying grossly overpriced products.


wow joecool is getting smart as he usually does so let me ask you this.can you pinpoint how much taxes the government takes from you when you are in business for yourself as opposed to being an employee? eh?i don't think the government keeps the same rest but then how much... give me a figure.grossly overpriced products...lol! 12 xs 250 ml energy drink cans sell for $ 24 can and 4 redbull 250 ml energy drink cans sell for $ 11.50 or $ 12.00 can... plus redbull is fucking awful, tastes like shitty uncle buckley's, gives you upset stomach and makes you drowsy after 10 minutes... for it made me.but i guess you are a lover of redbull, no wonder you spread some bull around here...


ah anonymous coward, we can debate the merits of your arguments.as an ibo, you pay taxes thru your business, but since ibos lose money, the refunds they receive are actually refunds on their job income tax, and not their businesses.  it is even documented that platinums take a loss after deducting all of their expenses.you can make a case for xs tasting better than red bull, but red bull costs about $32 for a case of 24 at costco, while xs costs about $27 for a case of 12.xs energy drink is 10 ounces and individually sells for about $2.50.  i can get a monster energy drink, which tastes good, for about $2.00 for a 20 ounce can.let me know what other arguments you wish to debate.  :p


hey monster red bull guy, shut up! drink your monster red bull. i will drink my xs because it tastes better, has no sugar, is low in calories, doesn't make me drowsy and guess what... $$$, i am paid for drinking it and for telling others about it! you can't do any of that i guess!


hey anonymous guy - do the math.   pay $2.50 a can for xs and get a few pennies back.  i pay $1.99without a "rebate".   i'm better off and whatever little rebate you get back, is taxable income to the irs.i'll agree with you that some xs drinks taste pretty good, but for the price, i'm just as happy drinking other types of energy drinks.also, i don't need to listen to tapes and attend expnsive seminars to learn how to pick an energy drink.  :d


they can't do the math, most don't know how, the rest are instructed not to by their upline.  who knows better than your upline right??  pay no mind that numbers can't and don't lie.  if the dream is big enough, the facts don't count.  i take comfort in knowing that one day, in the not to far off furture, these words that the numerous, die-hard ibo's post here, will one day haunt them more than they could ever imagine.


this just demonstrates how messed up ibos really are, they don't adjust to the market, simply keep showing the plan, using age old tactics.  if you challenge their thoughts, be prepared to be berated.  real "christian" way to earn a living.i was an ibo and at first the xs energy drinks were competitively priced at $2 per can compared to the $2.50 for red bull, plus the health benefits and the variety of flavors, we sold quite a bit of these.  however, not long after we started red bull dropped their prices (7.99 - 4 pack) customers then choose to go back to the red bull, because if you add the shipping costs on top of the price you would find the xs was overpriced.  so ok, swallow all the shipping costs of the xs?  y?  to make 20 cents a can?  this is going to buy me financial freedom?  no, it wouldn't even pay for my weekly set of tapes!but for all you ibos, you keep on with your bad selves.  you arfe so full of yourselves.  ever since i dropped the whole ibo thing i've bought a boat, travelled internationally and put my family through college.  now that i can apply my money from my "evil" corporate world job to my life.  it is much more enjoyable i must say.....


"at first the xs energy drinks were competitively priced at $2 per can compared to the $2.50 for red bull, plus the health benefits and the variety of flavors,"they still are except that red bull got more expensive ($ 11.48 for a pack of 4 cans) and still tastes as awful if not worse!"because if you add the shipping costs on top of the price you would find the xs was overpriced."xs was overpriced because... of... adding the separate shipping cost which is independent of the full cost of xs (transportation of xs is already part of the full cost)... makes no sense! shipping is the second player after so, you can add an extra cost on top of the full xs price which does not mean that xs was already overpriced! however, quixtar is looking into eliminating the shipping fees in the future! still that doesn't mean that xs used to be overpriced!let me ask you this; if you were to order a product to your house, wouldn't you most likely pay extra on top of the full price of the product? yes, but still that doesn't make the product overpriced!"so ok, swallow all the shipping costs of the xs? y? to make 20 cents a can? "clear, concise and proper use of english is required please!


if xs is so great, how come ibos who quit don't order it?


how come? because they did not believe in the business, they don't believe in the products either. they just used them because they somehow felt forced to use them.clients who are not ibos use them because they like them hence, believe in them.some of these clients become ibos in addition to remaining clients.


where the hell do you shop?  redbull $11.49 a 4 pack?  i picked up a 4 pack at jewel (a division of albertson's) for 7.99 plus tax just two days ago.  plus it's 1.99 (per can) at almost every gas station i go to (shell, bp, mobil)."xs was overpriced because... of... adding the separate shipping cost which is independent of the full cost of xs (transportation of xs is already part of the full cost)... makes no sense! shipping is the second player after so, you can add an extra cost on top of the full xs price which does not mean that xs was already overpriced! however, quixtar is looking into eliminating the shipping fees in the future! still that doesn't mean that xs used to be overpriced!"you are complaining about being clear and concise with the english?  how about this, turn your freaking caps lock off you fucking moron!  the point is when you run a business you have to look at the money that it costs you to put a product on your shelf and taking that into consideration, compare that to how much profit you make off of the product to determine it's true value.  secondly, how the hell do you think that shipping is already included when they charge you shipping anyways?  go to quixtar, place an order for xs and try to tell me they don't charge you shipping.  divide that shipping cost by all the products that you sell, and then subtract it from the retail price, then subtract out your ibo price and then you will truly find what the value of a xs drink is.  why do ibos not drink xs?  because it tastes like piss.  i'll take any of the energy drinks out there before xs, plain and simple.btw, how is the dream?  are you truly enjoying it?  what i realized through it all.  dreams are intangible, you can always think of it, but never touch it.  it wasn't until i refocused on my life that i realized the true satisfaction is life itself.  it is much better than a dream....but hey just for ole time's sake, can i act like a quixtar ibo?  yes?  ok?  then i will part by say "goodbye loser!"


anonymous coward wrote:  clients who are not ibos use them because they like them hence, believe in them.  some of these clients become ibos in addition to remaining clients.joe says:  repeating myself, why don't these same ibos drink xs when they quit?a case of (12) xs costs about $25 while a case of red bull (at costco) costs $32, but that's for a case of 24!


i have already said that i have paid 11.48 for a pack of 4 cans of red bull and the value i got in exchange was poor. i drank one can and threw off the other three.i pay 24.00 dollars for a pack of 12 cans of xs. xs tastes great and makes you feel good and even more so because you are paid to drink it and to market it to others.for the guy who thinks that xs tastes like piss, you should taste piss first and then reconsider.red bull tastes worse than piss and makes you feel equally so. piss is natural so it blends well with nature itself.


anonymous coward said:  red bull tastes worse than piss and makes you feel equally so. piss is natural so it blends well with nature itself.joe says:  then drink piss, it's cheaper than xs.  :)


who was talking about speaking "clear & concise" english?  from what you spew on this blog, it seems you need to take some refresher courses.first, off you have no comprehension of what the word "value" means.  it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that paying $11.48 for 4 energy drinks isn't good value, especially when the rest of the world is paying $7.99 for 4 red bulls.  so who's the idiot?in regards to xs tasting like piss, it is a figure of speech.  maybe you are still learning the language?  sometimes slang is the last thing to be picked up.  it is referring to something that most people would equate with tasting bad.  which xs in my opinion, and many others, tastes bad.  once again it is an opinion.  if you like the taste, god bless you, but on the same note you can't turn around and call people idiots for not liking the same tastes you do.  making a statement like 'xs tastes better than red bull' could never be true, just is the same in reverse, because taste is very subjective and the right of the person doing the tasting.  so try not to build up yuor taste-tyrant attitude.if you are getting paid enough to cover the difference in costs then price shouldn't make a difference and great for you, seriously congratulations.  too bad the vast majority keep spending believing they are being paid to drink the stuff, when they are simply getting a "rebate" on over priced crap.  for all those that gain financial freedom, how many lose a ton of money chasing the "dream"?i know you will come back and continue to bang your head against the wall with arguing, red bull is $11.48 (when it isn't).  is that how your upline instructs you to handle rejection?  do you ever go to the store and compare the prices that they give you in their own bsms?  if you did, you would realize how costly quixtar products are, but wait...just buy more!seriously, i understand the need to invest in order to gain, but you invest in something that has promise, not empty promises.  btw, a good rule of thumb is that any business that promises financial freedom, has got to be taken with some suspicion.  not that it isn't possible, but simply if it was true, don't you think everyone would do it?so hopefully this "english" was "clear" and "concise".  i tried to refrain from any "big" words.  you can say i have made it ibo-friendly. ;)


lord have mercy that has gone on back and forth for a while. i'm an ibo. and i was wondering how long ago it was when you were an ibo. quite a few things have changed. like xs has several different flavors now ranging from rootbeer to peach tea berry. i don't particualarly like all of the flavors myself but, as you commented not everyone shares the same tastes. and there are deals where if you buy $75 worth of whatever at a time the shipping is free. i'm also a full time correctional officer. i work at night, and i make a vast majority of my sells at work. (we kind of have a need to stay awake.)pretty much all of my fellow officers like one flavor or another of xs. and i have tried just about if not every brand of energy drink on the market. i personally don't like how they taste. obviously someone does or they wouldn't be in buisness. another thing is, you can sell them at whatever price you like. so the profit you do or don't make is all up to you.i go to the industry meetings. i don't go because i'm "brain washed", i go because there is a lot of positivity in the air. and i hear enough negative everywhere else. not to mention we have a blast at the training sessions. our meetings cost $5 to get in and that goes to covering the price of renting the conference room.i'm not here to pick a fight about quixtar, or call anyone dumb for choosing one way or another. but, there are some bad teams out there.god knows there are some bad teams out there. the first time i joined, i was in the marine corp. the guy who brought me on as an ibo pretty much left me out to dry. i understood the plan but, he gave me no mentorship at all. just kind of like:"well, your an ibo now. go out and become rich and let me know how it all works out for ya." i don't even know his name!!! it's not like that at all this go around. i'm on with a good upline and an awesome team. i don't spend a lot of money on the cd's and i don't particularly buy because they will "sky rocket" my buisness. they do have some really good speakers and i enjoy hearing them speak. my favorite being dean kosage. he is halarious in the way that he presents things. i can't speak for how quick star use to be, because i don't know. but i do believe we have a good thing going and there is money to be made. just like anything else it will take time,effort, and some sacrifice of time.we also have expanded our line of products tremendously as well. some are cheaper than you can buy at the store, and some aren't. i like the sa8 laudry detergent personally. and the stain treatment has gotton things off of my uniform that the dry clears couldn't.i have no desire to argue with you but, i would like to hear about some of your experiences while you were an ibo. and if you don't want to post them on here you can email them to me at setfreeliving25@yahoo.comgod bless all of you.jonathan


truth: anyone, even new ibos, can make large profits with quixtar. you don't need the "bonus plan" to make money. when i had zero downlines i made $600 in my first month. i didn't have to keep any inventory, or supply any of the products. i signed customers up on the website and they shopped online. quixtar shipped the products out of michigan, processed the customer's credit card, and paid me the difference between ibo cost (wholesale) and retail. simple as that.and- to those who say you will lose money to quixtar... it costs under $150 to register as an ibo, and then around $40 a year after that. last time i checked, it costs at least $250,000 to open a mcdonalds. quixtar seems to have a pretty cheap startup cost to run your own business to me.


lol.. everyone talked about their upline making this and that. what about themselves? all uplines are taught bullshits to lure new ibos in the hope that new ibos will generate more money. all new downline will soon find themselves telling people they make 10,000 a year when they are actually making $ 500 a month. or mayb 1000 pv (quixtar imaginary money). go look at the achieve magazine, all the emeralds and diamond levels are old people... arent they suppose to retire by what? 25? and emeralds make less money than a manager with good health benefits, vacation and a huge house. if you do not have the quality/potential to succeed in corporate america, do not dream of starting a successful business.


i will like to add.. the only real way you can make money from quixtar is if you are a good salesman. if you plan to buy 100pv a month and set up the pyramid business structure, i can guaranteed you will make less than a degree holder in a lifetime. if your downline is making 25% and you are making 25% of the bv points you wont me making anything. do the math, maybe you should take a lesson from me.


you can also make money in amway if you are good at lying and deception.


losing money to quixtar? because of the 1099 and my intent to create profit, i was able to write off many deductables, if anything they saved me money and a butt load of headaches in paying taxes. besides, all the tools were tax deductable including my registration. how can you be getting ripped off if you get it back in tax credit or refunds?


anon, if you are losing money in amway and then writing it off, the us taxpayers are helping to pay for your scam.


anonymous writes: "because of the 1099 and my intent to create profit, i was able to write off many deductables, if anything they saved me money and a butt load of headaches in paying taxes. besides, all the tools were tax deductable including my registration.actually anon, the irs determined long ago that all your motivational books and tapes, and all your motivational meetings, and related expenses, are not legally deductible. they determined that there is so little real education and training in these things that they don't qualify as a legitimate deduction.i'll bet your upline kinda "forgot" to tell you that, eh?i'm not saying you can't deduct them. clearly you can, and you have. i'm just saying that if and when you get audited, these expenses will be disallowed and you will have to pay them back with interest and penalties.


yo-i used to be in that shit-for about 8 months. the part that finally got me was the cult-y feel i would get when i attended these seminars. fucking wierdos. when i think that i used to try and sell these overpriced, shit ball products, i feel deep shame that i ever allowed myself to be duped by these brain dead idiots.


 you claim amway and quixtar suck but never explain why. because you lost money? maybe that just means you suck dealing with money.any valid reasons?just saying.


the office clip - seems familiar


wow... what can i say after having watched it... neither the presenter nor the audience had any substance in what they were saying; it was just a prank, a funny prank. what's funnier is that you did not appear in it. but don't worry, you think like both, you speak like both, you act like both and besides, your nickname is "loser". makes sense now! as much as this business makes sense to a 10 year old!


they had all the substance a person need to know about this scam aka business. stay away.


"its not a pyramid scheme, its not even a scheme"! wow, that was amazing. the 2nd half of the statement sums this farce pretty well.


yes, you are right leonidus, this video is a great farce just as these not even critical but downright whinny, retarded web blogs are.


looks like it hits some nerve ;)


anon., looks like misunderstood. by farce, it was meant the farce das business is. the video was funny, though. you liked it secretly, didnt you ;)and why waste your precious time/bandwidth (which might be better spent prospecting in places which must not be named, where even the angels dread to enter) on this "whiny little blog". "loser" might be a loser, but you must keep the moral high ground by refraining from harmless personal attacks.adios amigos.


you sir leonidus, might be advised to improve your english as a second language skills since you hopefully, meant "refraining from harmful personal attacks" instead of "refraining from harmless personal attacks".as for business advice, no thanks. i have the ftc and the better business bureau, together with thisbiznow.com to use for proper business advice.


well, anon. not so fast! i did mean "harmless" since your personal attacks do no harm to "loser" (or anybody else). and again, i consider this recent attack of yours (viz. english as my second language) as perfectly harmless (maybe, even childish). and forgive me if you mistook my last statement as a "business advice". i would never do that since i do not consider this a business at all. the fact is it is a big sham, farce and will remain so even if it makes you a billionaire. so, tell me anon., how successful are the walmart, barnes & nobles visits (forgive me for my spelling mistakes)? did you ever get kicked out for soliciting? it must hurt real bad, wouldnt it? which is why you seem to have so much time on your hands recently. anyway, my best wishes for "success" in this sham.


sir leonidus, it is awesome to see that you are happy. i am happy too, in my own way and proud of it. so, you keep the nose in your own pot or it may get burnt in the wrong one.as to why this business works great, i learn that from authoritative sources who conduct themselves in a professional manner while supplying the facts. given your opinions as magically translated into facts, you are not that type of resource and the reader will be left to decide that for himself.as for soliciting, it is my decision as to when, where and how to do that. yes, i got kicked out once in the early days but that did not deter me from pursuing my dreams. i am refining my techniques to be just another guy who goes in and out, no questions asked. when i look back at it, i just laugh. sometimes, when i pee, i still laugh. oh man, yeah!you think that's not true, but then, how  do you possibly give birth to facts in view that even comparison is a relative analysis? time is but a sequential drop in infinity and even so the comparison of your cause and effect that have no tangency with why i seem to have so much time on my hands, recently. excuse me, i have to take a pee again.


lord anon.,your last post was awesome (the "professional" line was a killer, i think i will be hysterical for the whole day). my jaw simply dropped. i do not know what to say, you had me in a corner and simply burnt my long pinnochio nose. but then, isnt 'quixtar sucks' not your pot? shouldnt you be hanging out  in the 'quixtar rocks' communities? and i was confused about one thing--by your dreams did you mean 'soliciting'?anyway, it looks like we are digressing a lot from the topic of this post which was how funny the office clip was (on which we both seem to agree :) ). so, lets stop spitting on each others pretty faces and wish each other success! and yeah, i still consider your "business" a big black sham.


yes, you are absolutely right and i won't even go into further detail for  it seems that it is best to wish each other success and focus on more important things. it was nice meeting you, have an awesome life.


that is so funny!  if you liked that one you would probably love this movie called "believe".  it's about an mlm called believe and it's a total satire on the whole business. it's currently only playing in one theater but i'm doing my part to spread the word so it can play in more theaters around the country!  check it out: www.believethemovie.comhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b8rwcuvuaw


i was 'brainwashed' by this scam, and that is exactly what it is.they make it out to be this great way to sell.  too bad the products are not high quality, not competitively priced, nor are they convenient.  quality:  they promote their dish detergent will bubble up with a toothpick drop.  didn't work, but if you put it underneath a jet head faucet it bubbles it up too.  too bad, the competition performs the same!  whoo bubbles!  strange how stains set in my dishes once i switched.  they will claim user error, how long have i washed dishes?convenience:  hmmmm.  man i am thirsty, need to do laundry, let me put in my order and wait 2 weeks to get the order, hopefully i don't stink at work tomorrow, but hey, at least i could order it in my underwear!  too bad they don't sell milk, i still have to go to the grocery store.  not to mention, add this shipping cost into the retail price and it makes it even worse.  they try to sell the cost of gas for driving to the store, c'mon!  at 3.00 per gallon, and 20 mpg, as long as i have a store within 40 miles round trip, i won't exceed the approx. $6 shipping fees.  good thing most people have a market withing= 10 miles.  maybe they did their calculations with the hummers that the upline's own?competitive pricing:  i went a whole month on certain products of theirs and a whole month on store bought products.  when calculated what the usage costs where, the store always won out.  for example, they promote that you have to use double doses of laundry detergent according to the bottle, but even inside the sa8 box top it says 2 doses are possible for soiled clothes.  bottom line is, one box of sa8 lasted me the same time as two jugs of tide.  i paid around $40 for the sa8 and $24 for the tide, so what is the better deal?they make it that you can get money in numbers, by duplicating your business.  but when it is all said and done, nothing sells.  so what is the solution?  come to a seminar!  only $125 tickets on sale now!  that is when i realized the scam is about tapes and seminars.anyways, i am not upset, i took a risk, it didn't work.  good luck to those that try, but don't believe it is all roses.  you will have to incur costs in order to make money and it won't come easy no matter what they tell you.


this was truly a funny video...and i'm an ibo.  lol.  i love the believe clips too.  i really want to see it.anyways, i've got some stuff to say...if my upline is using me to make money, i hope they use me right into a six figure income.  heck, i'd be cool with a five figure income that simply replaces my current income.  by the way, i made more money than my sponsor last month.  what a concept.it isn't a get rich quick scheme, it does take work.  i think some are looking for get rich quick and that is why they fail to do well in this type of business.  but, just so you know...even if i never made another penny i'd still be happy.  i get awesome products delivered to my door.  that part i love since i hate going to the grocery store (even though it is only 5 seconds away).  oh by the way, we do have milk.  it is soy milk, but still it is milk.  personally, i buy my milk at the grocery store.  my trips to the store are much more enjoyable since i started shopping online.  shopping online doesn't mean i go without detergent either.  i've learned to plan ahead.  it really isn't that hard with an ordering system that lets you see what you are buying each month.i've made some really good friends in this business.  i still have my old friends too.  what is so wrong with new friends?the books have really made me a better person in all parts of my life.  they even gave me the confidence to get a better job that pays twice as much as my previous job.  do you see anything wrong with that?  plus, the books are helping my friends who aren't in quixtar because i've shared the books with them.  in reality, the books are a great addition to my collection.the cds are enjoyable to listen to on my way to work.  sometimes i even listen to them at work on my ipod.  the speakers are energetic and funny!  it helps me to block out my supervisor fighting with his wife on the phone.  boy i sure hope i'm platinum by the time he retires so that i don't have to get promoted to his spot.  he never sees his family, doesn't get paid for overtime like i do, and he and his wife fight all the time.oh and just so you know...i don't make a percentage of what my downline makes.  i make a percentage based on my downline's volume of sales.  my percentage off of their volume depends on what percentage they reachced so that if they did more work than me, they get more money.  if we are both at the same percentage level then i make nothing off of their volume, get it?  maybe not, but i guess you haven't seen the plan.  you know, i didn't like cheesecake before i tried it either, but then i tried it and loved it! (and that was an original thought from me).and for my final thought...if you truly want to help your friends and family members, consider becoming their customer.  all ibos are aware of the fact that this business isn't for everyone and they all want more customers (like any other business). the products are awesome and since your friend/family member gets paid based on the volume going through their business, you would be doing them a huge favor just by even buying one product from them a month.  maybe it could be that one thing you hate buying at the grocery store.  it is a funny example, but i mean come on guys, don't you hate picking up tampons for your ladies, have them delivered to your door instead and never feel embarrassed again.  even if you don't become a customer, maybe you could atleast avoid the subject.  you have no idea how much pain you cause your friends and family members by the things you say about their dreams and business.  i just don't get it.  maybe someone can explain it to me.  i do know that if i decided to go into huge amounts of debt and start a grocery store, my family and friends would probably be willing to shop at my store.  so what is the difference here?  why are they knocking the idea and shunning the really good products?  is it really because my upline is using me?  can it really be because i have to read books and listen to cds?  which i already mentioned have caused me to become a better person and by that i mean...i stopped doing drugs and having sex with random people.  please, help me to understand why those who i expected to support me the most have become my biggest enemies.  oh and if you think that i was brainwashed to believe that they are my enemies, then you need to learn the saying "if you can't say anything nice then don't say anything at all."  it is only natural to feel like someone is your enemy if they put you and your choices down all the time.  is that really so hard to understand?


hi everyone, in our center...normally people like this blog writer we will "next"...because he still can't see the value of amway business. we tell those who like to listen and do for those who dun wan to do!


i just finished reading a book called: "www stands for world wide whinners."this book warns of losers like these who live in blogs and all they do is spit out negativity and trash to the wild wild web.these loosers are just failures in life who don't take resposibilty for they failures and blame everyone beside them.these are angry people with to much time in their hand which they use it to complain and whinne like cry babies, instead of doing something productive for their lives.the world wide whinners.you listen to them, you'll stay broke for the rest of your life.do quixtar better and see all those succesful people who have made it. see the evidence right there. people who decided to never give up on their dreams and didn't pay attention to these cry babies who live on blogs.beware!


anonymous wrote:  i just finished reading a book called: "www stands for world wide whinners."this book warns of losers like these who live in blogs and all they do is spit out negativity and trash to the wild wild web.joe says:  of course you know that quixtar has blogs and web pages.  are you saying their are broke losers too?:)


you know what gives quixtar such a bad rep?  it's the fact that they try to hide what they really are.  when we had first signed up we were told to deny relation to amway in any fashion, even though the relation was through altricor.  that we should challenge the intelligence of people as if they were clueless.secondly, the business is promoted as all about the products.  when the real money comes in selling tapes/cds/books/etc.  this all under a seperate flag of "bsm" which nobody is supposed to feel pressured into, but that is not the case.  sure the tapes are good, but i got tired of that being the focus of my upline.  i felt ready to sell, but instead it was buy another tape!  come see john maxwell speak, etc.  which i did.  but don't lie to me and tell me you want to sell products, when all you really want is tapes!thirdly, the attitude that quixtar handles rejection with is over zealous.  as soon as someone challenges the system, they simply say they are and "idiot" or and "internet geekoid" and never really answer any legitimate questions.  you can just about gurantee that a response from an ibo will include a word like:  loser, failure, idiot, geek, etc.  5th graders selling candy bars were better at handling rejection.is the model good?  yes, that is what i loved about it.  but in order to make it work, you need to have something to sell.  the quality/price/convenience of the products are terrible.  we can all be the best sellers in the world, but you can't sell cr@p to everyone for long.  or maybe your family and friends do you a favor, but aren't they paying the price?  why not just ask to borrow the money instead?  plus to wait 2+ weeks to get products in the continental us, and i am only 1 state away from mi.another funny thing is that even pro-quixtar blogs and sites say you can easily access information on quixtar on the internet, but in case you come across a negative opinion, that it is simply some loser.  only believe what they tell you, don't take what the general public tells you.  i say you are smart, take facts and statements from both sides and make your choice.  best of luck to you either way.  but i won't call you a loser.sure there are probably people that make it work, power to them.  but keep this in mind, the average ibo makes $115 per month, that is $1380 per year.  how much money plus time do you think you will spend promoting the system?  hopefully, your business works out better than the vast majority do.  but you will probably claim those people as losers, which i guess we can say the same about you in the corporate world.  after all didn't you come here to stop being a slave for peanuts?  does that make you a loser too?


it's funny how this video promote a pyramid structure as if it's a bad and illegal thing?can you draw a pyramid to at your corporate job or at your church or in the governemnt or in every organitation in the world?everything is a pyramid, now can the prove to you that quixtar is an illegal scam? the world wide whiners can't, because it's not, and any attempt to prove it's an illegal scam will be proved worng by me. it's a challenge.


yes, my job has a pyramid organizational structure.  so does a lot of things.but let's be clear - quixtar is still a pyramid where the guys on top make money from the paychecks of the guys on the bottom.at my job, the boss gets paid by company profit, but by me purchasing tapes from my bosss that teaches me how to do my job.


joecool, let me ask you a question.is any type of slaes job evil too since the managers make their commissions based on their teams effort?is mr. sam walton evil cause his family makes money out of anything you buy from their store?and no, we don't get a piece of the paychek of our downline, they get a piece of our pay chek. if you can't even get this basic thing right, how can i believe you on the rest of your opnions about quixtar's bonus program?also if i'm your upline and you're my downline and i have only 2 legs established, but since you put more effort than me and you work your business harder, you have 10 legs, who do you think makes more money? me on top with only 2 legs or you on the bottom but with 10 legs?yes, you on the bottom make a lot more than me.now tell me, how is this a pyramid shape?but in your job, no matter how much harder you work than your boss or your ceo's they're always going to get a much bigger paychek than you. and you you seem a threat of taking their position because of your hard work and integrity, they find ways to fire you. you think that's fair?hey, i perfer my friend making money off my business volume as long as i'm succeeding i don't care, i perfer that than trying to survive in the corporate world.peace.


anonymous,i have no problem with mr. walton making money when you buy stuff from his store.that's not how quixtar works.  you have deceiving upline telling you to buy from yourself and the true key to success is buying tapes and seminars.  upline makes money from your paycheck, not from customers buying products.big difference.  mr. walton didn't get rich from his employee's purchases.  he got rich from customers, something foreign to quixtar ibos.


what's the difference about getting rich from customers or getting rich from employees?do you think his employees don't buy from wal-mart?if he didn't operated his business using his employees, he wouldn't be rich. so of course he uses his employees so he can be rich, why do you think he has them for?also, what's wrong with an upline making money cause of what their downline buys? if i would follow your same logic, i honestly have to conclude that making money from someone's purchases is wrong.also we do have customers and many of them, who are not even ibo's.and why buy those products from somebody else when we can buy them from ourselves? what wrong with that?also, i you don't know a bit about managing a succesful business don't come to conclution about things. so let me ask you. why do you buy books and pens and backpacks and all the other stuff so you can use it at school? why do you pay the school for, aren't they evil cause they're making money out of your paychek, plus they won't even guarantee anything?again, upline doesn't make money from downline's paychek. downline makes money from upline's paychek.that's why a certain percent is taken out of the upline's paychek, to pay the downline. that's how the system works. if you don't know, don't assume. study your stuff first buddy and don't try to teach about something you don't know a bit about.did you know quixtar owns the orlando magic basketball team, peter island, are the official sponsors of the x games and many more stuff?joecool, let me ask you a question, is quixtar is an illegal scheme as you draw it to be? what do you think?or is it just a different business model from the typical ones?


for everything that the downline buys the upline makes money from increased pv/bv points.  there is no encouragement for uplines to really see you promoted, only encouragement to see you spend money.  they pawn it off that you already spend that money regardless, why not from yourself?  they say that you can earn money back by buying it off of yourself instead, but the question is can you earn enough money back to cover the higher costs of the quixtar products, plus earn some profit?  so what is the solution?  get someone to sign up downline to do the same and so on and so on and so on.  so what is the problem?  there is no “fresh” money, there needs to be money coming from a “customer” in order to make profits, otherwords you simply are getting caught up in this chasing your tail scheme and in order to stay above water you need to get others involved as well, your downline.  get them spending their money trying to make money so that they can feed you.  ok, so you get these people chasing their tails too, what is your encouragement to help them past that hump?  none.  as long as a collective whole you are making your bonus levels of pv/bv it doesn’t matter, let them keep spending their money trying to make ends meet.  this is what makes the rich get richer and the poor stay poor.  only the slight few actually are successful at this scheme.  but once again people believe they are saving money, when they are actually spending more than they would at the store.which brings us to pricing.  quixtar advertises that the sa8 solution will last as long as 5.6 bottles of coldwater tide.  well, i used regular tide in my comparison and used the same amount of detergent for both and washed in my front load washer similar loads/capacities/soils etc.  i did not see one major difference in cleaning performance, but yet the retail price of sa8 (1.04gal/133.21 fl oz.) is $36.45  which is $0.27 per fl oz as compared to $6 (100 fl oz container) at meijer which comes to $0.06 per oz.  so what is the better deal?  even if i use their statistics, which i think are inflated and biased i have to use 5.6 100 fl oz jugs that comes out to be a total cost of $33.60, still $3.00 cheaper and i don’t have to wait to get the product.  which brings me to shipping costs which only make the purchase worse for quixtar!  even if you get the ibo price you still are at $31.40 and once you add in shipping costs you will eclipse what you spent on the tide.  so what does it really buy you anyways?  and considering the fact that the tide cleans much better than sa8 anyways there really is not a debate.i really like the model that quixtar brought, simply put, if they had products that could stand on their own feet for more than a second it would probably work out really well, but reality is that the products are very poor in quality/performance and given that are not priced very competitively.i can care less for all the pyramid schemes bs both ways.  both the corporate world and quixtar share similar organization.  why do we need to complain about one being a slave to the corporate world, while the other averages a salary of $115 per month trying to educate me about financial freedom?


i pretty much stopped reading your post after you said"get them spending their money trying to make money so that they can feed you."you obviously seem to be oblivious to the fact that you already are part of the scene every day when you go to a store to get products. you have a choice, you either buy them (spending money so the store owners can make profit to feed thmselves) or you steal them. why don't you steal them? that way, the stores will not make money off of you so you should be happy. i encourage you to steal, or are you chickening out? i thought you love to keep your money to yourself.


for everything that the downline buys the upline makes money from increased pv/bv points. there is no encouragement for uplines to really see you promoted, only encouragement to see you spend money. >>errrr.false statement.the more you succeed and get promoted, the better for the up line cause it means a bigger bonus for him.---------------------------------they pawn it off that you already spend that money regardless, why not from yourself? they say that you can earn money back by buying it off of yourself instead, but the question is can you earn enough money back to cover the higher costs of the quixtar products, plus earn some profit? >>yes. you can do it buy doing what you got to do.if you would ask the same question to an big pin level ibo, he will answer, yes i’m already doing it.--------------------------------so what is the solution? get someone to sign up downline to do the same and so on and so on and so on. so what is the problem? there is no “fresh” money, there needs to be money coming from a “customer” in order to make profits, otherwords you simply are getting caught up in this chasing your tail scheme and in order to stay above water you need to get others involved as well, your downline. get them spending their money trying to make money so that they can feed you. >>just like every single business you see around you. no customer or people buying your products, no money, duuuuuuh!----------------------------------ok, so you get these people chasing their tails too, what is your encouragement to help them past that hump? none. as long as a collective whole you are making your bonus levels of pv/bv it doesn’t matter, let them keep spending their money trying to make ends meet. this is what makes the rich get richer and the poor stay poor. >>no? no encouragement? that right there proves that you don’t have a clue of what tha heck are you talking about.do you understand? that the more people below you succeed and the more rooted they get with their own business the better and more rooted yours gets too?why would i want only a bunch of customers buying and that’s it? if that was the case then my business would be shallow and can fall at any time. the more rooted, the better, that’s the goal.-----------------------------------only the slight few actually are successful at this scheme. but once again people believe they are saving money, when they are actually spending more than they would at the store.>>the few that decide to make it happen. the ones that don’t make excuses and blame thing on everyone else other than themselves.yes my friend, by becoming an ibo you are saving money. this is just a no brainer, why should i debate this?--------------------------------which brings us to pricing. quixtar advertises that the sa8 solution will last as long as 5.6 bottles of coldwater tide. well, i used regular tide in my comparison and used the same amount of detergent for both and washed in my front load washer similar loads/capacities/soils etc. i did not see one major difference in cleaning performance, but yet the retail price of sa8 (1.04gal/133.21 fl oz.) is $36.45 which is $0.27 per fl oz as compared to $6 (100 fl oz container) at meijer which comes to $0.06 per oz. so what is the better deal? even if i use their statistics, which i think are inflated and biased i have to use 5.6 100 fl oz jugs that comes out to be a total cost of $33.60, still $3.00 cheaper and i don’t have to wait to get the product. which brings me to shipping costs which only make the purchase worse for quixtar! even if you get the ibo price you still are at $31.40 and once you add in shipping costs you will eclipse what you spent on the tide. so what does it really buy you anyways? and considering the fact that the tide cleans much better than sa8 anyways there really is not a debate.>>you are not serious are you?comparing a ford with a bentley?well everybody is prone to their own taste and opinions about products. the only thing i know is that all the people i sell sa8 (these are non ibo’s) to fall in love with it and tell me that sa8 is much much better than tide and the other brands they used to buy. and now they’ve become my customers. and yes, i buy it for my self and it does clean much better since and last much longer since it’s concentrated, plus is biogredagable. what else can you ask?-----------------------------i really like the model that quixtar brought, simply put, if they had products that could stand on their own feet for more than a second it would probably work out really well, but reality is that the products are very poor in quality/performance and given that are not priced very competitively.>>are you serious?you’re kidding, right?do you know about our energy drinks, vitamins, water filters, cosmetics, etc?they all rank number one on quality in the whole country.please don’t get me started on quality.j----------------------------------i can care less for all the pyramid schemes bs both ways. both the corporate world and quixtar share similar organization. why do we need to complain about one being a slave to the corporate world, while the other averages a salary of $115 per month trying to educate me about financial freedom?>>those who educate in quixtar are not the ones who earn $115 per month.in other for you to qualify to give meetings and speak in seminars you have to be a platinum and above. those who can teach from experience and not for mere position.wow! i see how much you know about the business.


we can argue till the cows come home about the quality of the products.  i am in sales in the corporate world and i do rather well.  i got into quixtar because i have a high level of energy and a strong work ethic and would rather work harder now, than later when i am older.i promoted the products, i used them on a daily basis, i bought them off of myself, all of that.  i gave away samples, i even held blind evaluations of products where the customer did not know what was quixtar products and what where name brands.  i did this with about 15 different people and not one person ever picked the quixtar product.  but like i said i sell for a living and no matter how hard i tried the products just didn't move.as i said, i also remained committed to the products for one whole year.  when i started in the business i gave it a year to show some progress, any progress.  i saod i would be faithful to the products and i would not buy anything from the store that i could buy from home and i was faithful.  at the end of the year i calculated my annual spendings and compared that to both the year previous and even now comparing to this years spendings i spent about 47% more on quixtar products than i had in the same period of time on brand name products.i also went to meetings/functions on a regular basis, i showed the plan all the time and was pretty good at it, not claiming the best but i did a fine job as claimed by my uplines including a platinum.  i was very intrigued by this plan and excited.  i made a plan and a commitment and it did not work out.  am i trying to convince others not to sign up?  not at all.  maybe they can read what i have written and improve on things i may have done wrong.i just find myself becoming more irritated with the "us versus the world" attitude of ibos.  that everyone that doesn't succeed is a "loser".  i believe that quixtar has a niche and for some people it suits them perfectly.  but just as the corporate world isn't for everyone, neither is quixtar.it was funny, the other day i was at a mcdonald's and i heard some familiar words about "showing the plan" amd realized this lady was trying to recruit this guy, well come to find out he is already an ibo too, small world.  anyways, then the girl's fiance comes in and they were speaking about him just getting done with a 12 hour shift.  then this guy asked how the business is going and they were talking how it was great and how they get good reviews on the products, etc.  then the guy asked why the fiance had to work so long if business was so good.  and they both responded that nobody orders anything off of them and they haven't signed anyone up.  ok, so maybe they are newbies i am thinking, when the guy asks how long have they been doing this?  i almost choked when they said 2 years.  but even worse, the guy concurred with their thoughts that he has the same feedback.so what does that tell you?  it tells you that the system isn't perfect.  that some downlines get left out to dry, maybe they don't get enough support from their upline or maybe they just aren't good at selling.  but there sure are some uplines that appreciate the pv/bv that they bring with their personal purchases.  am i saying the corporate world is perfect?  no, simply say make educated decisions.  something is always worth trying once,but know what your limits are and what you are willing to commit to and do it.  but simply referring to those that aren't successful as losers is not the ethical way an organization should run.  especially considering they try to infuse christian religion into their meetings with church on sunday.  i mean didn't they read the part of the bible covering being judgmental?  then they go off calling people losers?  it's a motivational tactic, to make the ibo's feel powerful.but the whole point about someone making $115 per month teaching me about being financially free is all about showing the plan.  you don't have to be a platinum in order to show the plan.  one of the key points of gaining interest while showing the plan is to talk about financial freedom.  so until an organization provides a way for everyone at every level to be financially free, don't claim to provide it.sure there are uplines that have made it successfully, but out of curiosity it would be interesting to know what percent of downlines are very succesful as well.  i mean if i make a dollar off of one downline and duplicate that a million times that means i make a million dollars, and if all my downlines don't make it to a certain compensation level i don't need to compensate them, which means less work for me!  so it is actually better this way to have a bunch of ibos accumulating pv/bv in small amounts because it adds up.one more question, do you think that the quixtar direct employees work off of the program?  or do you think they collect a salary?  funny how an organization that bashes the corporate world, does in fact operate in the same fashion once you peel back all the layers of the onion.lose the attitudes and maybe your reputation will improve.


and one more stat for you, and this is using published quixtar information.it states in the business overview:"help six people or more do the same and you have apotential income of $200,000–$550,000 per year."sounds great right?wait a second....it also says that:"one out of every 218 “active*” ibos actually achieved the hypothetical monthly bv performance illustrated above in at least one month during the 12-month survey period."1 out of 218 ibos actually reached the figures that you are showing me will get me financial freedom?  that is 0.4% chance of making one successful leg!so you are telling me, using the published statistics, that in order to make the $200-$550k " potential income i have to basically work on 1308 legs to be successful.using those figures and the chances for profit would you invest in a stock like that?  i wouldn't, it would be like russian roulette.  i am sure there are many stocks out there that give you a better chance at profit than 0.4%.  but hey who am i to argue?  they are your own organization's numbers.  great selling data.  i am sure they are required to put that on there to protect themselves.


and that 1 out of 218 ibo figure was counting that one as having reached the criteria for at least one month of a 12 month period.  that doesn't illustrate a steady business, someone could have gotten lucky one month.  now what percentage of that 1% actually sustained that bv value for an extended period of time.  that would be useful.


ok... this is for all the people out there who claim quixtar is a scam and a lie in which people are lured into a "cult" to make thier upline money.  first let me say that everyone in the world... other than smart people like donald trump who are indeed living on passive income,will work a job from the time they are of legal age to join the workforce until they retire. so is it so hard to believe that there is a system out there that can set people free from financial burdens?  you are going to work a job anyway, so why not build the business?  people hate this business because it's not the norm for america.  they redicule it and put it down because people are actually living a lifestyle of financial freedom from it.  cult you say?  well if all religions, churches, interest groups, lobbyists, and anything else that masses of people are a part of, then if you say so then fine quixtar is one.  no matter what you say about this business you are right.  you the individual are right about what ever you say about it.  if you support it then great, it will work for you.  if you don't then great! it wont work for you.  cults... hmmm  i reckon the military is a cult then too.  the armed forces of america are one big group separated into different branches who have different beliefs and core values coinciding with one common goal: defend this nation.  much like quixtar is run.... right?  free enterprise according to you folks has to be limited to franchises like subway, mcdonalds and other chains.  again the "norm" that society has instilled into people.  sad.just something for all those negative people out there to think about who have absolutely no business owner mentality.  have fun working until the rest of your life.


boy! some of the quixtar supporters' arguments are so dumb that i think they deserve to be in quixtar.cannot tell the difference between selling to customers and selling within the pyramid. and cannot see how quixtar products are way overpriced.the irony is that the money a few uplines make actually comes from the salaries that the downlines earn while working a real job. the quixar system as a whole is so inefficient that it does not create any wealth. just sucks a little bit from the real world. yea, kinda like a church. a cult that sucks in some money to maintain the life style of a few at the top. americans know this scam and stay away from it, except for the scammers at the top. the downlines are mostly ignorant and geeky immigrants with nothing else to do on weekends. very sad.


hey average joe boy/ joanna girl,i have replied to your october 18 post so, read it and learn to think out of the box. your comments prove that you are indeed a very sad little person with no real dreams and substance in your own being.


"people hate this business because it's not the norm for america. they redicule it and put it down because people are actually living a lifestyle of financial freedom from it."...not even close...you guys will throw anything out there no matter how ridiculas it sounds.  america stays away because there are red flags all over quixtar/amway. no matter how you want to call it, it is still a pyramid and a majority of pyramids are scams.  people live a life of financial freedom in many types of jobs, no one hates them for it.  and i have yet to see someone from quixtar/amway truly live a financially free lifstyle.  before all you ibo's come at me and say "i make blah blah blah"...prove it...i want to see a p/l sheet, a balance sheet, a depreciation accounting, and an expense report to back it up. fake it till you make it, right?  and who is to say that money is the key to happiness in life?  for this i feel the most for quixtar folk... $$$$ is all you see.  you hide behind excuses like " i wanna be with my family" and "its made me a better person" but lets call a duck a duck if it quacks like one, shall we?  thats not why you got involved, and its not why you continue hoping that "success is right around the corner" is it?  it was for the money.  and if by some slim chance you are still convinced its not for the money, then why call critics of quixtar/amway "broke losers"?  that is a response of someone who is focused on the almighty dollar!!


that is a response of someone who is focused on the almighty dollar!!let me guess that you happen to not be focused. then, why do you go to your job everyday? you got better things to do than just trade time for dollars if dollars were no object. but here is the problem, dollars are a part of life and if you are not focused on making dollars you end up living under a bridge in a cardboard! it's sad to see people like you resorting to such views and enforcing them on others as the truth. if i gave you $ 10.000 tonight, will that solve some of your debts or will you be amazingly stupid to say nahhhh..... i don't focus on the dollar. i guess i will give it to the next guy who says "yes"!


lol...too freakin funny...1st, why do you assume that i have debt? i manage my finances nicely, if i do say so myself.  the only debt i have is a mortgage...which is good debt to have...a house appreciates in value every year and to not have any debt of any kind is a red flag on your credit score.2nd, what better things could i have to do if i don't go to work?  watch tv? clean the house? go shopping? browse the internet? sleep late or a lot? drive around aimlessly?  i go to work because i enjoy what i do first and foremost.  i adore the people i work with...clients, my employees, my vendors.  during the day i function with society in a manner that i choose to.  and yes...i enjoy the exchange of my time for money.  i feel that i am well compensated for that, so no complaints here.3rd...i in no way am presenting my views or opinion as fact.  thats the problem with you ibo's, you are taught that everything you are told is fact...nothing is an opinion. don't bother using indipendant thought or even logic for that matter, just trust what your upline tells you...its fact, why wouldn't it be?? that's sad and you comment was down right silly.4th...dollars are important for sure, but you ibo's are not focusing on the dollar you are worshiping it...big difference.   making a ton of money with minimum effort to you ibo's runs your lives.  you have meetings about it, have pictures of the things you want taped up everywhere, you eat it and you breathe it... and finally...i would say no if you offered me $10,000.  not because i don't need or want it but because nothing in life comes for free...nothing.  i am to smart to fall for that.  no one comes by and offers anyone money for nothing.  charities are different and even then there is an advantage to giving money to a charity; tax breaks.  so while i don't think you were meaning that you would offer me that money as a donation because i am in need, i would say no.  i know that if something sounds to good to be true then it probably is.


"anonymous said: no one comes by and offers anyone money for nothing. not because i don't need or want it but because nothing in life comes for free...nothing. so while i don't think you were meaning that you would offer me that money as a donation because i am in need, i would say no. i know that if something sounds to good to be true then it probably is."looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool!it seems this lady knows me as well as jesus christ does! how pathetic!for your information, i do give money away when i meet homeless people because i feel it's the right thing to do! i feel it in my heart and can go on giving quite a bit because i am moved when i see them! if they use that money unwisely then, it's their choice alone for i did my kind gesture and am absolved of their guilt! well, no one comes by and offers anyone money for nothing except me!so, yeah, it's too good to be true!how pathetic! for all the serious ibos out there, go diamond!


who said that you didn't give to charity??  as in true ibo style, twist things around no matter how convoluted, to your advantage.  it specifically says that if you offered me $10g not a blanket charity amount.  do you offer homless on the streets you run into $10g or do you give them a few bucks?  big difference.  and how exactly does this relate to knowing you like jesus??  thats real scary.  could it be that you just didn't understand what was written or did you truly re-work reality once again??  let me know...


listen, if i gave you $ 10,000 telling you to "take it and use it to afford what you wanted, don't pay back", what is wrong with that? when i will make $ 100,000 per month, i can give $ 10,000. i have no problem with that. money in my view is just an object, a piece of paper with fancy graphics. that's it! it doesn't speak, it doesn't think, it doesn't feel and yet people treat money as "sacred"! well, it is sacred because you need it to afford whatever you want and not just because it is a substitute for god! i hope i have clarified that.


lol!!!  what's wrong anon3??  feel like you have been backed into a corner??  again i point out, you can give as much as you want to whomever you want, that was not the issue.  you ibo's are all the same.  you are programmed nicely.  i won't even go into details about the many holes in your comments about giving away $10g.  you, clearly, even saw that. the problem with giving someone $10g without going through some charity is, that it s a large amount of money to be throwing in somones lap for no reason.  even a homless person would ask you what's the catch.  again, i am answering your hypothetical situation using the information at hand...i am not in need of $10g, whether you want to believe that or not is up to you, so my response stands.  that's the problem with you ibo's, you are surrounded by people who desperately need money that you don't take the time to think that there are people in the world not with q* that do not need to be a millionaire.  you worship the $, you actually encourage it.  there are people in the world that don't and are happy with what they have, i happen to be one of those people.  i am happy with where i am in life, with what i have, and what i am, and while i am not saying that you shouldn't be, i am saying that you should stop assuming that everyones lives revolve around money and how they can get more and more and more of it.  get back to me when you have a viable argument.


yes, i do have a viable argument.based on what you say, you are happy where you are in life. i am happy for you too! i would be even happier if you actually don't trespass into my world out of respect. therefore, keep on doing what you do to be happy just as i keep on doing what makes me happy. have a nice life.


haha, anonymous says don't trespass into his world.if you can't take the heat, don't go in the kitchen.coming to write on a blog is not trespassing.haha


anon 3 said..."yes, i do have a viable argument.based on what you say, you are happy where you are in life. i am happy for you too! i would be even happier if you actually don't trespass into my world out of respect. therefore, keep on doing what you do to be happy just as i keep on doing what makes me happy. have a nice life."that is not a viable argument, instead of wasting all your time reading quixtars recomended books, try picking up a dictionary once in a while.i didn't "trespass" into your world, you trespassed into mine, the day that one of your dear ibo's started using my comapny to finance their 'business' powered by quixtar.  it's not my fault you are surronded by some of the most unethical, dishonest, cheating people in the world.  maybe if there really was money to be made with quixatr, then ibo's wouldn't have to lie, steal and cheat others to get ahead, but they do, and by them doing so, it has given people on the reciving end, like me, the right to "tresapss" in your world.  don't like it, tough.  get used to it...things are changing in quixtar, and unlike they tell you, its not for the better.


lady, let me tell you this, softly, hopefully not having to bitch slap you, ok?based on your own statements, you do not understand the business plan and you do not take actively take advantage of it. therefore, you can not teach what you don't do, you can only criticize and opinionate. that's totally fine.you are not plugged into a mentorship system that can teach you how to become and overcome. quixtar is not a mentorship system. it's a supplier of products and services. mentorship systems are independent from quixtar and their systems are excellent to help one grow and overcome and by the same measure, filter out those who are unrepentant.since you are alien to all of the above, what makes you think that the changes in quixtar are not for the better? what would you have done to make changes for the better?joecool, it was nice meeting (farting loudly) you!


i understand the plan.  i also understand and can see that anonymous coward is probably losing his shirt but trying to show bravado by posting his stories and attacking anyone who is a critic of quixtar.i bet anonymous coward, in the back of his mind, truly knows that he is failing in quixtar, but tries to do what he is being taught on the tapes.  :p


anonymous said... "lady, let me tell you this, softly, hopefully not having to bitch slap you, ok?"yet another prime exapmle of the upstanding individuals involved with q*.  the intelligence is just spewing from that lovely comment.  all i can say is bring it on...but be forwarned i am not your typical prissy little girl.  you will look like a real fool after you get your ass handed to you by a woman.  you started it, but i will finish it.anon says..."based on your own statements, you do not understand the business plan and you do not take actively take advantage of it. therefore, you can not teach what you don't do, you can only criticize and opinionate. that's totally fine."so you are unable to read.  congrats.  where did you get the impression from my post that i was trying to teach or didn't understand the plan?  even better, where did you read that i was ever an ibo?  read it again and get back to me.anon says..."since you are alien to all of the above, what makes you think that the changes in quixtar are not for the better? what would you have done to make changes for the better?"again with the crap about how someone can not possibly understand who's outside q*, yet while pitching your scam you say how easy it is and how anyone can do it.  blah....i think the changes are to ease critics and government organizations from taking note.  good luck with that.  still won't change the fact that they are liars and are profitting from those lies you all eat up.  it's caught up with them in the past, it's caught up with them now, it will catch up with them again in the future.  to ignore history is to repeat it.  the changes i would implement are simple...1)get rid of the whole tools issue...period.  they are not needed, and if something like that is needed on the rare occasion that it should be, then it will be provided to you for free at the company's expense.2)cut down on seminars...way down, say one a year for each region.  no more contraversy there.3)allow advertisments, allow store fronts and so on to build a non-ibo customer base larger than 3.4%.4)stop telling people how they can be financially free with little time.  report the facts.  there is nothing wrong with someone saying "hey look, i went from living from pay check to pay check every month but now i have built up a business that allows me to save.  i am not a millionaire but i am comfortable, happy and have come a long way...and will go further."5) lower the prices of the products to be more competetive.  if they are as superior as you all say, then lowering the prices will increase the volume by leaps and bounds, not only by ibo's but by non-ibo customers.  the potential would be amazing.6) be more open as a company.  a company that has done nothing wrong has nothing to hide, and has no reason to not be open, no matter what the issue is.7)get new lawyers.  the ones q* has now just plain suck.  8)actually enforce the rules of conduct.  throw the trash out no matter what the level.  shall i continue....


"1)get rid of the whole tools issue...period. they are not needed, and if something like that is needed on the rare occasion that it should be, then it will be provided to you for free at the company's expense."get rid of universities', colleges' and schools textbooks because they are not needed, period. students should only attend classes and they will naturally become experts in their field of choice by attendance only. therefore, tools are not only needed but harmful because they interfere with the student's natural ability to discover his inner power of knowledge much as a magician discovers his hidden treasures of greatness in the forbidden sciences! lol!but still, if they are needed in the rare occasion that they should be, money can be made at the expense of the students still but not as much as before. still, they won't enrich out students' growth by a significant margin.however, what is being said by successful people is that any venture to become profitable, one needs the knowledge and the fortification of the mind to travel the journey it takes to become profitable. this knowledge comes in different forms but in the end , it is carried on a medium such as a book, a cd, a dvd and so on.naturally, money is being made in providing this education provided that you have been applying the education you preach.yes, i am looking to make money in this area as well. nothing wrong, right?"2)cut down on seminars...way down, say one a year for each region. no more contraversy there."i'm afraid that's not possible. the unending influx of new people requires that they acknowledge the magnitude of the business and that first person witness to third person success builds belief in oneself that such achievement applies to not only the third person but to anyone willing to follow a proven system to success.the same could be said about educational institutions out there even if what they teach is sometimes questionable and not always for the greater benefit of oneself. still, the influx of new students keeps these institutions in business."3)allow advertisments, allow store fronts and so on to build a non-ibo customer base larger than 3.4%."as an ibo i have full, sovereign right to decide how my business operates and what my business should look like. since you are not a confined partner, i must reject your involvement."4)stop telling people how they can be financially free with little time. report the facts. there is nothing wrong with someone saying "hey look, i went from living from pay check to pay check every month but now i have built up a business that allows me to save. i am not a millionaire but i am comfortable, happy and have come a long way...and will go further.""i am not sure where you have heard that first argument but what i have consistently heard is the second argument. i fully agree with the heard argument. what you heard is isolated and that build confidence that the greater picture is for the greater good of the people."5) lower the prices of the products to be more competetive. if they are as superior as you all say, then lowering the prices will increase the volume by leaps and bounds, not only by ibo's but by non-ibo customers. the potential would be amazing."i agree with this view. people and finances are not perfect marriages either.however, i as an ibo, i'm only marketing and prosuming. the supplier, quixtar, decides with the counsel of the affiliate partners the action to take regarding pricing.with clients i can decide for how much i sell them a product or service in person. that much i can do."6) be more open as a company. a company that has done nothing wrong has nothing to hide, and has no reason to not be open, no matter what the issue is."the company already is open and consistently working at it. it can't happen overnight for a fact, can it?the issue at hand is critics who for personal reasons slander and defame a business opportunity that they do not either understand, take advantage of or purposefully misrepresent it for an ill gain."7)get new lawyers. the ones q* has now just plain suck."are you an authentic, experienced  lawyer standing for justice under one god?"8)actually enforce the rules of conduct. throw the trash out no matter what the level. "the rules are to be enforced first by ibos and second by quixtar. quixtar is the last resort to enforce them if they are not.therefore, ibos must be able to enforce these rules of conduct to the best of their ability.once enforced and critics still complaining, quixtar will have nothing to enforce except to pursue critics for libel.shall i continue...


going crown, you are defending a position that is not defensible.getting rid of universities is ridiculous.  colleges exist to educate people.  students who graduate make more money than non college grads.  where would doctors and other professionals come from without colleges?what good does "quixtar" education do for most?  the vast majority of quixtar ibos don't even get paid as much as a welfare recipient.  the money paid to the diamond helps fatten their bank accounts while the ibos build debt.you aren't going crown, you're going broke.


i will not go into detail or waste my time respoding further to going broke...i mean going crown....joecool answered your crazy response nicely.  but i will say in response to the lawyer comment...why would i have to be a lawyer to recognize a crappy lawyer?  that's like saying i am unable to recognize a crappy mechanic, dentist, accountant ect just because i am not practicing one of those professions.  doesn't make any sense.


"joecool said: getting rid of universities is ridiculous. colleges exist to educate people. where would doctors and other professionals come from without colleges?"what i said was told with a double purpose:1)to make a parody of anna28's statement by taking the exact same statement she made and giving it a clearer direction2)to realize if she becomes upset and defensive as a result of her self righteousness redirected without prejudice towards her.both, did happen."joecool said: students who graduate make more money than non college grads."it seems to be the only way you think money is made and hence an obsession. i have answered the above in several instances but it went through one ear and exited through the other... on purpose."joecool said: you aren't going crown, you're going broke."just because you did, does not mean i will too. i am independent of you. i am myself. i am unique. so are you. by your own choice, you became what you are today. by my choice i will become who i want to be: a free man, setting the world free of an evil, oppressive system that treats the working force like a commodity object.that was a paper i was working on while in university, based on karl marx's work "alienated labor"."anna28 said: why would i have to be a lawyer to recognize a crappy lawyer? that's like saying i am unable to recognize a crappy mechanic, dentist, accountant ect just because i am not practicing one of those professions. doesn't make any sense."not at first sight. first, you know them by their works. that's where it stops for most people.going one step further, you realize whether they work in truth and in accomplishment of truth itself.it is one thing to be deficient in skill but another in truth. yet, so is truth universal, so does an undertaking require a level of faith to discover this truth. being a lawyer is an open ticket to such undertaking.therefore, each has a perception of truth rooted in personal values.


continuation from the previous post.quot from "alienated labor" by karl marx, written in 1844:"we shall start out from a actual economic fact. the worker becomes poorer the more wealth he produces, the more his production increases in power and extent. the worker becomes an ever cheaper commodity the more commodities he produces. the devaluation of the human world grows in direct proportion to the increase in value of the world of things. labour not only produces commodities; it also produces itself and the workers as a commodity and it does so in the same proportion in which it produces commodities in general.this fact simply means that the object that labour produces, its product, stands opposed to it as something alien, as a power independent of the producer. the product of labour is labour embodied and made material in an object, it is the objectification of labour. the realization of labour is its objectification. in the sphere of political economy, this realization of labour appears as a loss of reality for the worker, objectification as loss of and bondage to the object, and appropriation as estrangement, as alienation.so much does the realization of labour appear as loss of reality that the worker loses his reality to the point of dying of starvation. so much does objectification appear as loss of the object that the worker is robbed of the objects he needs most not only for life but also for work. work itself becomes an object which he can only obtain through an enormous effort and with spasmodic interruptions. so much does the appropriation of the object appear as estrangement that the more objects the worker produces the fewer can he possess and the more he falls under the domination of his product, of capital.all these consequences are contained in this characteristic, that the worker is related to the product of labour as to an alien object. for it is clear that, according to this premise, the more the worker exerts himself in his work, the more powerful the alien, objective world becomes which he brings into being over against himself, the poorer he and his inner world become, and the less they belong to him."


going crown, i challenge you to prove that quixtar is a better option than college.  it might be hard since an average quixtar ibo earns $115 a month while college graduates earn far more than that.


i am not going to challenge you on that regard. we have already spoken about it quite a few times and you keep on getting back to the same argument.so, i am not going to challenge you. it's a waste of time on my part because once challenged, you start up from zero again, on purpose. proven trend by you.


thanks for making my case going crown.you don't take the challenge because there is none.


yes, thank you for making your case to those who are in the same boat as you are.i, for one, will not challenge idiots of your stature. i realize that not only is my energy wasted in trying to have a rational argument with you but your cunningness and level of idiocy serve nothing more but to lower me to your level and eventually to set me back on the road of the typical average minded person who believes that working until 65 is the only way to be successful.keep that view to yourself and live by it. let others chose as they please. they don't need your input.i choose to focus and to accomplish my dream of what a life lived on one's terms and not the boss's terms is all about.good bye!


going crown, the only argument you really need to make is that you are profiting, along with your downline.on tim's blog, you already established that you have been in quixtar for about 5 months, sponsored two people, and all of you are losing money thanks to your purchase of support materials.that pretty much sums up why quixtar doesn't work.


its always funny to see ibo's on these sites fighting the rightious fight with non believers. yep i was in the business for 4 years hard! did everything i was told by my upline, direct and emerald that lead to near bankruptcy. lost our house, furniture, car to fund the business and when business was slow the support we once had suddenly stopped. these leeches that professed to love me and my family and used emotional blackmail to squeeze everything we had, out of us did not even acknowledge us when we bumped into them in one of their dream building ventures. taken us years to rebuild our lives, family relationships and friendships. to you ibo's on here (i don't even know why you even come on these blogs), just because most people don't want to take up the opportunity doesn't mean they're "losers"!!! there are plenty of opportunities out there. you talk about sheep mentatlity of losers. guess who the real sheep are? you guessed it, ibo's that listen to and read materials that have been "hand picked" to brainwash the mass!!! but hey the best luck to you all in building your business.....we'll catchup when you join us losers after failing in the business (well at least 95% of you will)


how to make $1000 / month in quixtar?


so, what did you do?


did you want this as an active income or a passive income?


$1000 / month working 10-15 hours a week. profit. to poster # 1, whatever i did can be found in this blog. all public. but it didn't give me $1000 / month. i lost money. that is why i'm asking.


well i wouldn't recommend spending huge amounts travelling to the us for seminars, that's for sure.


notice the difference between what happens when a man says to himself"i have failed three times," and what happens when he says, "i am a failure." - s.i. hayakawa


rich dad affiliate!you may know about the phenomenal success of robert kiyosaki and the rich dad® the best-selling books rich dad poor dad, the rich dad advisor series, and the newest book, retire young retire rich.additionally rich dad offers audio sets and the educational games cashflow® 101 & 202 and cashflow® for kids™. with the phenomenal success that rich dad® is enjoying, we would like you to participate in spreading the message. join the rich dad affiliate program and you can receive generous commissions on the sales you generate through your blog.****


to be quite honest i was never really impressed with qs, amway or any of its affiliates. i am sorry that you people got burned by this company, and i never joined myself tg however i found a more fulfilling career by going back to school and work at the same time. and a word of wisdom to all is networking also a scam a church minister in grand rapids has his followers as sheep being blindsided and hooked into their scam.  also imho all of these multi level marketing, anyway you tilt bend or lie about it they are all wolves in sheep clothing offering whatever, if you need a second job get one that you can work a few hrs a week that has a payroll check. i have seen more scams than you can shake a stick at.


make $1000 a month in quixtar?sell 200 cds or cassette tapes to downline!


why to buy business support materials from upline when the same $hit is sold in pennies on ebay!!!!


thats easy help someone that you got in make 1000/month and do it a couple of times.


isn't it funny how no one answered your question... :p


the problem is that u people dont know how to work it is that yall bunch of dumass dont have knowledge or read the fuken system idiots








previous posts

insider / david steadson - zealot or not?
odd couple
what do you feel?
what should be done with amway?
how much open costs you?
which bird is team bird?
multi level marketing goto peeps
plan, understanding, me
the office clip - seems familiar
how to make $1000 / month in quixtar?





commercials





archives

july 2004
august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
may 2006
june 2006
february 2007
may 2007
june 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
july 2008

discuss quixtar

discussion about quixtar
mlm survivors club

blogroll


blogroll me!

recommended links

maniac muslim
wikipedia - quixtar
quixtarblog
merchants of deception
former diamond
mlm survivor
amquix.info - bible of quixtar
on the road with dave
quixtar inside out
rocket rants
amway/alticor/quixtar sucks!
qblog radio
amthrax
we're all lucky bastards























