









perfect customers




































































attracting perfect customers


home
rave reviews
blog
speaking
members
programs
contact us











 
 



 get the right relationships
create the right business

strategic attraction ™ plan
the strategic attraction™ plan is a proven, step-by-step process that helps you to be clear and focused about who a perfect fitting customer or client is for you. it expands your awareness and helps you to understand who you want to be seen as and what products and services you will become known for. bring your ideas, passion, and purpose and i will show you the way.
learn more











 get rave results!
the # 1 strategy for creating lucrative loyal raving fans!









meet jan

 


 i’m jan stringer, the creator of the strategic attraction™ plan… that’s a process that has been used with thousands of entrepreneurs and business professionals in all kinds of markets to create a strong business foundation upon which to stand. this approach has worked so well that people keep coming back to this basic understanding as their business expands and when there is a shift that calls for new directions. along the way i have coached and helped all kinds of experts such as eva gregory, jeanna gabellini, marci shimoff, robert allen, mark victor hansen, janet attwood, christy whitman, alan davidson, julia stege, brad yates and many other “a-listers” who have used the strategic attraction™ plan for themselves and with their own clientele. where i get the most joy in my business is seeing the lights come in my clients eyes as they get what makes them tick or who they get to be in the world to create their own heart-centered businesses and lives.



does any of this resonate with you?

 
i want to have a heart-centered business, however, i can’t seem to take it to the next level and attract a steady flow of perfect customers.
i have customers who tell me i have a great offering, however, i don’t feel comfortable marketing my own work.
i don’t think i’m good at selling – i feel like i’m being pushy and i should be giving it away.
i’m very good at getting what i want, however, i get flooded with ideas, and i often don’t know exactly what it is that i really do want or what i want to do next.
i feel tongue-tied talking about money and asking to be paid what i am worth.



 i’m jan stringer, and i believe that successful selling is a natural result of successful marketing, and my definition of marketing is – “building relationship”!
the catch is many of us never learned the difference between sales… and marketing.




 too many traditional marketing and business advisers say, that to book clients you have to do it their way – you have to be manipulative and pushy and then they teach you what they learned from someone else.



 




 




 





and that's where most people get stuck!

i can't ask you for money (sales), until i have made a connection with you and taken the time to build enough relationship (marketing) with you to know if i can truly help you.

and, here's the real catch, no matter what, i will not be comfortable or successful in trying to sell my product or service to anyone if i have not taken the time to build relationship with myself enough to know the real value of what i am offering and its benefit to others. if you have a feeling of uncertainty or lack of conviction (doubts), and you are attracting "another doubter", they magnify your doubts!
the strategic attraction™ planning process is what has been missing. you have to have a strategy for discovering what is unique and special about you, your unique message, your brilliance, and you have to have a plan, and a strategy that is a perfect fit for you to share your message.
authentically sharing your unique message is what makes you irresistibly attractive to your perfect customers. that is what has you be seen, heard, remembered, hired and referred! they may not know what it is about you, however, they know they want what you have!


imagine feeling at ease speaking about your business at networking meetings or to large groups of people.
imagine a large % of the people you do speak to becoming lucrative loyal raving fans who hire you and feel so connected with you, and served by you, that they send you referrals just for the joy they receive from seeing you be successful.
imagine discovering what is honestly unique and brilliant about you and believing so completely in the value of it, and its benefit to others, that you can't wait to quote what you are worth to anyone who will listen!










our published books
 
click here to buy perfect customers
click here to buy bee-ing attraction




 
that is what is available
to you in this free attracting perfect customers e-guide.
and it’s a process.

it doesn’t happen in one session.
it doesn’t happen on its own.
you can’t do it alone!



one-on-one business coaching











latest blog




are you marketing yourself out of business? 

 


  attracting perfect customers believes that business is about relationship.  if the relationship isn’t right, the business won’t succeed.  get…
more




choosing collaboration, not competition 

 


what if i asked you whether businesses actually have to compete for customers? the answer would be, "of course, they…
more




3 keys to unlocking the riddle of relationship and attracting your perfect mate 

 


direct personal experience is the key to unlocking the riddle of relationship. single, married or in a committed relationship you…
more













 speaking
an enthusiastic, playful speaker, jan delivers practical, solid ways for you to work smarter, build stronger alliances, and improve the quality of your business and personal relationships. she will help you eliminate costly mistakes and take the struggle out of reaching your business and personal goals.
more


jan’s tweets