





rockin 'r ranch old west pumpkin fest fall festival cleveland hayride



















































skip to main content










hit enter to search or esc to close




close search
    







  menu       
 




 
menu    



  menu      







(440) 236-5454











  









  























  























rockin ‘r ranch presents
the old west pumpkin fest
open saturdays & sundays september 28 to nov 3
enjoy unlimited activities for 1 low price!
bring the whole family to the best pumpkin patch and fall festival in northeast ohio. this is more than just the ordinary pumpkin patch… you’ll not want to miss out on this experience at rockin r ranch old west pumpkin fest.
we are the best place for family fun and entertainment during the fall season. we are open on weekends beginning sept. 28rd from 12 p.m. to 5pm on saturdays and sundays.
we really spice up the fun for everyone and have various activities for your entire family, especially the younger children. we also have delicious food concessions available with your favorite fair food.









                                1    
  1    


















buy tickets


or buy tickets on-site at ticket office




see what our customers are saying!


  “ “hands down the best pumpkin fest and pumpkin village around. kids do not want to go to anywhere else. besides pumpkins there’s music, dancing and animals. thank you so much for doing what you do!” brandy prehausekparma ohio “ they have everything here! pumpkins, ponies, bunnies, goats, sheep, chickens, chicks, music, hayrides and more. the face painting is detailed and great and the huge kids slide is great for the little ones. lots of cool souvenirs in store and food to buy in the food tents. family really enjoyed all the fall fun and all the kids are full of smiles. eva marie “ great family fun for all ages. our toddlers, teens & adults all had a blast. alisha marie “ we really enjoy this ranch with the hayrides, pumpkins and farm animals. it's great cause they have music and dancing with the characters is the show. great value and lots of family fall fun. tamara boey








  



 
fall hayride
take a tractor pulled wagon ride out to our pumpkin patch where you and your family and friends can pick your perfect pumpkin. 






 
enjoy the scenery!
if you are not up for pumpkin picking, you can just come for the ride around our farm and enjoy all the halloween decorations and country scenery. 






 
private group package
includes: all activities unlimited, all day long, private bonfire also available. – bring your own food-beverages, we provide the picnic area and the fun – groups of 25 people or more 






 
lots of activities!
pony rides, family fun house, kids activity area, animal petting farm, picture spots, face painting, free prizes, pumpkin painting, straw mountain, costume characters, pumpkin farm and more! 












  






4 performances per day!
your admission gets you unlimited:





  





pony rides
pumpkin slide
hayrides to the pumpkin patch
kids activity area
animal petting farm
explore the old west town
“milk the cow” animatronic










picture spots
places to explore
face painting
free prizes
pumpkin painting
straw mountain
costume characters
kids super slide












  





plus admission to 

children’s haunted house
(no live actors)

we also offer:
food * pumpkins * hay * farm market * souvenirs * pictures available * adventure gem mining




























visit our nighttime haunted attraction event spooky ranch this september & october! click here for details!


visit spookyranch.com










































 


 







    



  


















  





address


rockin' r ranch old west pumpkin fest19066 e river rdcolumbia station, oh 44028








connect


phone: (440)236-5454email: rockinrranch@cs.com


 
















© 2025 rockin’-r-ranch presents old west pumpkin fest
website & artwork by rogues hollow productions








  



 privacy policy













 buy tickets 

		  buy tickets		




 



close menu
    




(440) 236-5454






activities
dates-times
tickets
groups
coupons
location
photos
country store
contact us



 

 






























