





scholar technological institute of research










































 








scholar technological institute of research



menu

home
video classes

astrophysical psychology & atg

what are “astrophysical psychology” & “atg”?
chp 1: robert jastrow (1925-2008)
chp 2: neil degrasse tyson (1958-present)
chp 3: stephen hawking (1942-2018)
chp 4: carl sagan (1934-1996)
chp 5: albert einstein (1879-1955)
chp 6: isaac newton (1643-1727)
chp 7: nicolaus copernicus (1473-1543)
chp 8: tycho brahe (1546-1601)
chp 9: galileo galilei (1564-1642)
chp 10: johannes kepler (1571-1630)


astrophysics vs. astronomy

earthverse series


true bible “stories”?

immortality now
jonah syndrome
psychological science proves demons
nephilim: demon offspring

part 1: nephilim skeletal remains
part 2: archeological acknowledgement
part 3: gay nephilim
part 4: nephilim dna
part 5: abraham lincoln & nephilim
part 6: scholars & scientists silent


water to wine: circumstantial evidence?


creative anatomy
student testimonials


media

television
radio interviewee & la show host
articles
book signings


reach out



 
 











about us 






click here to make tax-decutable donation.







founded in september 1989 by firpo carr, scholar technological institute of research, inc. (stir inc.) is a private foundation exempt from federal income tax under internal revenue code (irc) section 501(c)(3). donors can deduct contributions they make to stir inc. under irc section 170. stir inc. is a scientific/educational organization focusing on educating the public on the interplay and interrelationship between the bible, religion, and the interdisciplinary fields of archaeology, astronomy, astrophysics, atmospheric sciences, biology, chemistry, earth science, medicine, microbiology, oceanography, organic chemistry, physics, psychological science, surgical science, and other disciplines. stir inc. was an integral part of the ceremony that wedded computer technology and the scholarly study of ancient biblical manuscripts toward the end of the 20th century. the fascinating union gave birth to our very own name: “scholar” (as in bible scholarship), “technological” (as in computer technology), “institute” (“an organization for the promotion of a cause,” merriam webster’s collegiate dictionary—tenth edition) of “research” (“studious inquiry or examination … investigation or experimentation aimed at the discovery and interpretation of facts, revision of accepted theories or laws in the light of new facts,” webster’s). though the institute warmly embraces the vibrancy, radiancy, and dynamism of all the beautiful blossoming colors of the human family, persons of black african descent in the diaspora have been intriguingly and uniquely influenced by the genres of science and religion presently and historically. on a modest scale, stir inc. explores this influence. [scroll down for dr. carr’s coming lectures!] 







 
contact me here















 



lecture 1: my proposal was accepted by apa division 36, society for the psychology of religion and spirituality, and i’ll be explaining by topic, “deconstructing infrastructural racism in u.s. seminaries” at #apa2022. martin luther king lamented that sunday morning was the most segregated hour in america. are pastors responsible for this dichotomy? if so, where did they learn it? you can learn more and register at convention.apa.org.lecture 2: i’m looking forward to sharing my work titled “space-time continuum and ‘lazarus’ disconsciousness: coma, psyche, and ptsd” with thousands of #apa2022 attendees from across the field. what might einstein say about a psychological connection to the space-time continuum unique to each of us? what is this connection called? can it be manipulated? how is “disconsciousness” defined? these and other compelling questions will be answered. as a member of apa division 24, society for theoretical and philosophical psychology, i am constantly humbled by uncharted territory outside of self-imposed artificial boundaries. learn more and register at convention.apa.org. i hope you’ll join me! 












 copyright © scholar technological institute of research
pinnacle themes











