







solidwear 






































































































              home
            



        contact
      








































































home











contact









scroll








 









  

qualityendurance commitment

  









core values






 









 

quality–ensuring quality means paying attention to every detail in the manufacturing process, with a thorough approach from start to finish. we do that by nurturing a strong and reliable team of accomplished seamstresses and specialized tradespeople; maintaining relationships with premium suppliers; and promoting made-in-canada products. we have a long-term vision and aren’t afraid to invest accordingly to ensure long-term success.

  




 

endurance–deliberate in our decision to remain in canada, solidwear has prospered and grown as a domestic manufacturer for over 30 years. we stay competitive by maintaining a constant eye to efficiency and ingenuity in our process. we continue to be family owned and operated, supporting generations of leaders and artisans alike.  

 









 














 

commitment–at solidwear, commitment to do right by our employees, clients and country comes directly from the top. we accomplish this by innovating our process in order to meet the ever-changing needs of our workforce, client base and regulatory demands. simply put, we have the fortitude, experience and resources to get the job done.

  




 

established in 1985, solidwear enterprises is a second generation, family owned and operated canadian apparel manufacturer. headquartered in toronto, solidwear has retained its position in the market and increased its manufacturing base by focusing on its differentiated capability to sew technically advanced, specialized goods. at solidwear, our close-knit team is more an extension of our family than just a workforce. forming strong relationships is at the core of our process, enhancing our dedication to maintaining quality and unifying our goals with client values.our purpose is to identify companies that need our partnership in order to fuel their growth – solidwear’s resources and expertise have been an essential ingredient to several key canadian businesses in their path to scale. our client list is a testament to our devotion to recognizing talent domestically and our ability to align and enable canadians who want to make a difference.



















  






made in canada



introduction



core values



quality



endurance



commitment



large image



where to buy








 



info@solidwear.com


hours






contactinfo@solidwear.com(416) 298-266759 milner ave,scarborough, onm1s 3p6






















 







