



 














department of modern languages  college of liberal arts




















































skip to main content






toggle navigation





explore



 

university of louisiana at lafayette
department of modern languages
college of liberal arts






search form

search 





 

 




main menu


about modlnews & events
faculty & staff
graduate students
alumni & donors
études francophones refereed journal
language resource center
feux follets
center for louisiana studies
mission & vision
contact us

academic programsfrench
spanish
minors
double majors & dual degrees
graduate programs
english for speakers of other languages (esol)

current studentsadvising
language resource center
scholarships & financial aid
assistantships & fellowships
catalogs & handbooks
spanish & latin american resources
organizations & associations
study abroad opportunities
career opportunities & support
student survival guide

testing & prior learningundergraduate students with prior learning
undergraduate students who are native or heritage speakers
graduate language requirements




 















            immerse yourself in the culture          

at ul lafayette, you can study french in the heart of francophone louisiana. we offer undergraduate, master's, and doctoral programs in french or francophone studies.
study the french culture and language through music, traditions, literature, and film, in a place where the city is your classroom.


french programs






            make connections          

spanish is one of the three most spoken languages in the world, and having the language in your arsenal can help you find a career in just about any field.
along with a spanish major, we offer a latin american studies minor and a spanish minor.


spanish programs






            english for non-native speakers          

the department of modern languages offers the english for speakers of other languages (esol) courses for students who need to improve their english skills.
the classes are small, which gives you the individual attention you need to do well.


english for speakers of other languages







 
 







events



	 
 

view all events 



 





spanish quick links

programs of study
minor in spanish
minor in latin american studies
study abroad
spanish and latin american network
resources for study and research
careers




 








department of modern languages


 see the world. learn about people, their cultures, their traditions, and their history. becoming fluent in another language is the best way to learn more about the world around you in an immersive and profound way.
in the department of modern languages, we offer undergraduate programs in french and spanish, minors in various languages and cultural areas, and graduate programs in french and francophone studies. we also offer english for non-native speakers who are enrolled at the university in other majors.
meet the faculty in modern languages.
we offer myriad opportunities to study or work abroad during your time here and after graduation, and we are committed to helping you see the world, broaden your horizons, and improve your language skills.
choose your language program at ul lafayette and prepare yourself for a career here in louisiana, across the country, or around the world.
 



 



études francophones





a refereed scholarly journal devoted to francophone studies.


learn more 





 






french quick links

french and francophone studies at ul lafayette
b.a. in french
accelerated ba/ma in french
m.a. in french
ph.d. in francophone studies
french study abroad




 
 











 department of modern languages
	griffin hall, room 453
	141 rex st., lafayette, la 70503
	(337) 482-6811 | languages@louisiana.edu
 

 




@louisiana newsletter










 

 




connect with us


https://www.facebook.com/officialullafayette
https://twitter.com/ullafayette
http://instagram.com/ullafayette
http://www.youtube.com/user/ullafayettechannel
http://www.snapchat.com/add/raginspirit
https://www.linkedin.com/edu/university-of-louisiana-at-lafayette-18443
https://plus.google.com/105944035799179437958



 
 






sub footer menu

a member of the ul system
it help & support
web accessibility
privacy policy 
emergency info
donate
 




© 2025 university of louisiana at lafayette. all rights reserved. 

 
 
 



