


london after midnight: official website

















close

















 

   
news
    store
concerts
mailing&nbsplist
interviews
music
biography
photos
lyrics
f.a.q.
press
links
contact































































































































scroll for more:

london after midnight co-headlines the main stage at wave gotik treffen in germany, 2025!


december update 2024! london after midnight will co-headline the main stage on june 8, 2025 at the wave gotik treffen in leipzig germany! tickets on sale at the wgt website.












brand new vintage reproduction items in the darkride records merch shop! worldwide shipping!


december update 2024! there are several brand new and vintage reproduction items on sale in the darkride records merch shop! new designs, reproduction shirts, posters including vintage concert flyer posters and much more! hoodies, shirts, posters, houseware, pet and child items, and much more! all sizes, colors and styles!














london after midnight headlines the club stage at m'era luna festival germany, 2024!


december update 2023! london after midnight will headline the club stage at the 2024 m'era luna festival  in germany! tickets on sale now.












london after midnight performing with guns n roses, slipknot, ministry, ville valo, covenant, 69 eyes and many more at hell and heaven festival in mexico!


september update 2023! london after midnight performs at hell and heaven festival with guns n roses, slipknot, ministry, ville valo, 69 eyes, covenant, and many more in mexico, november 4 2023! tickets at hellandheavenfest.com.












london after midnight performing with new order and many more at darker waves festival!


june update 2023! london after midnight performs at darker waves festival with new order, tears for fears, echo and the bunnymen, and many more in huntington beach ca, november 18 2023! tickets at darkerwavesfest.com.












london after midnight releases music videos from new album, oddities too!


february update 2023! london after midnight has released three music videos for the new album "oddities too". subscribe to the lam youtube channel for more!

first is a video for a brand new song, "better off dead (be my guest)". then, a cover of donna summer's disco classic "hot stuff", with a twist. finally, a completely re-edited high quality version of the video for lam's "the christmas song (o2 mix)", featuring film footage from sean's home town filmed by his father!















"oddities too" is on sale everywhere and charted in the top 10 of the german dac alternative music charts for 8 weeks straight, 6 weeks at number one!

"oddities too" is a unique collection of a new song, never-before-heard songs, several never before released songs from the early days of the band, recomposed classics, and the out-of-print 1998 "oddities" album, remixed from the original multi-track tapes!

the album, available on double cd, double heavy-weight vinyl, and digital, is available now! also available at itunes/apple music, amazon.com, and everywhere digital music is sold. the album on digital and 12 inch vinyl is now available in europe from all the usual stores and online stores including amazon, emp.de, and in stores at mediamarkt, saturn, m&uumlller, etc.








new london after midnight album number one on german alternative music charts for 6th week, 8 weeks in top 10!



november update 2022! london after midnight's new album "oddities too", on sale now everywhere, has been in the top 10 of the german dac alternative music charts for 8 weeks straight, 6 weeks at number one!

"oddities too" is a unique collection of a new song, never-before-heard songs, several never before released songs from the early days of the band, recomposed classics, and the out-of-print 1998 "oddities" album, remixed from the original multi-track tapes!

the album, available on double cd, double heavy-weight vinyl, and digital, is available now! also available at itunes/apple music, amazon.com, and everywhere digital music is sold. the album on digital and 12 inch vinyl is now available in europe from all the usual stores and online stores including amazon, emp.de, and in stores at mediamarkt, saturn, m&uumlller, etc. also, follow lam on mastodon.








london after midnight new merchandise shop now open!

november update 2022! london after midnight and darkride records have brand new us and european based merchandise web stores selling shirts, hoodies, posters, phone cases, hats, kids and baby sizes, household items and much more! the spreadshop stores will also ship from within europe to reduce shipping costs for european customers! darkride.myspreadshop.com. also check out the darkride records shop on redbubble.com! 













london after midnight performs at sick new world festival!!

november update 2022! london after midnight performs with sisters of mercy, ministry, killing joke, placebo, ville valo, system of a down, korn, and many more at the sick new world festival at the las vegas fairgrounds. tickets at sicknewworldfest.com.













new london after midnight album number one on german alternative music charts!

november update 2022! london after midnight's new album "oddities too", on sale now everywhere, has been in the top 10 of the german dac alternative music charts for 6 weeks straight, 4 weeks at number one!

"oddities too" is a unique collection of a new song, never-before-heard songs, several never before released songs from the early days of the band, recomposed classics, and the out-of-print 1998 "oddities" album, remixed from the original multi-track tapes!

the album, available on double cd, double heavy-weight vinyl, and digital, is available now! also available at itunes/apple music, amazon.com, and everywhere digital music is sold. the album on digital and 12 inch vinyl is now available in europe from all the usual stores and online stores including amazon, emp.de, and in stores at mediamarkt, saturn, m&uumlller, etc. (note: cd delivery to europe has been delayed due to a shipping error by dhl. but you can order from this website!)














new london after midnight album enters german charts at number 7!

october update 2022! london after midnight's new album "oddities too", available october 14 2022 and on sale now, enters the german dac alternative music charts at number 7!

"oddities too" is a unique collection of a new song, never-before-heard songs, several never before released songs from the early days of the band, recomposed classics, and the out-of-print 1998 "oddities" album, remixed from the original multi-track tapes!

the album, available on double cd, double heavy-weight vinyl, and digital, is available now! also available at itunes/apple musicand everywhere digital music is sold. the album will be available in europe from all the usual stores and online stores including amazon, emp.de, and in stores at mediamarkt, saturn, m&uumlller, etc. (note: cd delivery to europe has been delayed due to a shipping error by dhl. but you can order from this website!)














new london after midnight album available now!

october update 2022! darkride records announces the release of london after midnight's new double album "oddities too", available october 2022.

"oddities too" is a unique collection of a new song, never-before-heard songs, several never before released songs from the early days of the band, recomposed classics, and the out-of-print 1998 "oddities" album, remixed from the original multi-track tapes!

the album, available on double cd, double heavy-weight vinyl, and digital, is available for pre-order now! also available at itunes/apple music and everywhere digital music is sold. the album will be available in europe from all the usual stores and online stores including amazon, emp.de, and in stores at mediamarkt, saturn, m&uumlller, etc.














the goth on the mountain event at six flags magic mountain in california is cancelled!

august update 2022! 
the goth on the mountain event at six flags magic mountain in valencia california (just north of los angeles) has been cancelled, seemingly after the park was unresponsive to requests for information and changed conditions after tickets started selling. details at the goth on the mountain website.

please join the mailing list
mailing list for the latest news:















lam perform at cruel world festival with bauahus, blondie, and more!

april 2022! 
the cruel world festival is back, and has added a second day! 
london after midnight performs on may 14th and 15th with bauhaus, blondie, the damned, gene loves jezebel, blaqk audio, echo and the bunnymen, the psychedelic furs, morrissey, cold cave, and many more at the rose bowl in pasadena, california! the first day is already sold out so a second day has been added. tickets at cruelworldfest.com.


please join the mailing list
mailing list for the latest news:















london after midnight's new album oddities too test pressings have arrived!

march 2022! 
as you might know, due to supply shortages caused by the pandemic, vinyl production is backed up at least 6 months. so the album, originally due out late 2021, will now be out later this year. pre-order info, cover art reveal, track list, and more coming soon. double 12 inch heavy weight vinyl, double cd, and digital released by darkride records. (like and follow!)
please join the mailing list
mailing list for the latest news:

















london after midnight's new album oddities too in final stages of production!

october 2021! london after midnight's next album "oddities too" is in the final stages of production! details, tracklisting, and pre-order coming soon. released by darkride records.













london after midnight's new album, coming soon!

october 2021! london after midnight's next album "oddities too" coming soon! released by darkride records.
















london after midnight performs with bauhaus and more at cruel world fest 2022! update: second day added!

july 2021! the cruel world festival is back, and has added a second day! originally scheduled for 2020 but cancelled due to the pandemic, london after midnight performs with bauhaus, blondie, and many more at the rose bowl in pasadena, california! the original 2020 festival sold out in a day, the first day for 2022 is already sold out so a second day has been added. tickets at cruelworldfest.com.













london after midnight's new surprise live album, "live from isolation", available now!!!

december 2020! 2020 was supposed to be a year of heavy touring for london after midnight- uk, europe, mexico, the us. but the pandemic changed all that. so during the summer of 2020 a "live" album was recorded- where the band got together online and filmed/recorded and mixed performances, thousands of miles apart from each other and in isolation, performing the songs as they would in concert. you can see two videos (more coming) on lam's youtube channel and facebook page. released by darkride records on cd and digital. available now on bandcamp.com, itunes, amazon.com, etc. 

cds are available on the lam website, londonaftermidnight.com, and more. the cd will be available in europe from all the usual stores and online stores including amazon.de, and in stores at mediamarkt, saturn, m&uumlller, etc. 












lam's "selected scenes from the end of the world: 9119" being considered for a grammy award!


november 2020! if you haven't gotten a copy of london after midnight's 2019 deluxe edition of "selected scenes from the end of the world: 9119" then you haven't really heard the album. remixed from the original multi-track tapes with never-before-heard bonus content, an unreleased recording from the 1991 sessions, all the 2003/2008 extra tracks from previous releases also reconstructed with missing content, extensive liner notes, and previously unseen photos, 9119 is the ultimate version of the album. and it's now under consideration for grammy nomination for restoration, mixing, and engineering. it's not nominated yet, and it's a long shot it will be because lam has no management and no influential people pushing our cause, but it's nice to be considered.

available on 12 inch double-disk heavy weight vinyl and cd from this website, lamofficial.bandcamp.com, amazon.de, and stores in europe. digital at itunes, amazon and all other digital retailers.

new music is coming (delayed by pandemic)! follow all london after midnight social media and the darkride records page for updates.












see lam "live" august 29th! plus,  all new surprise live album coming in autumn!

august 2020! see 4 live videos recorded in lam's home studios during isolation at the infestuk festival on august 29! check infestuk.com for details. also, the audio recordings will be available for sale soon (digital and cd) on  londonaftermidnight.com and lamofficial.bandcamp.com, as well as itunes, amazon, etc.











see lam "live" 7/26/20! plus,  all new surprise live album coming in autumn!

july 2020! london after midnight was to headline a uk tour this summer, several dates and major festivals in europe, as well as play on major festivals in the usa. but the pandemic had other plans- so we offer you a few brand new videos, recorded just weeks ago in the band's home studios, of lam performing live. the first video premieres this weekend as lam headlines gothicat #4 online festival. you can watch for free at that link - now on lam's youtube channel!

more videos to follow on lam's  youtube, instagram, and facebook pages in the coming weeks so follow now!

also, the audio recordings will be available for sale soon (digital and cd) on  londonaftermidnight.com and lamofficial.bandcamp.com, as well as itunes, amazon, etc.











lam in belgium, october 31 2021 canceled! 

july 2020! canceled due to pandemic!: lam was to co-headline the sinner's day festival in belgium, october 31 2021, but has canceled due to the ongoing pandemic.












cruel world festival postponed (again) (date tba) due to covid-19 pandemic!

may 2020! the cruel world festival, originally scheduled for may 2, then sept 12, has been postponed due to covid-19 pandemic. we are being told organizers hope to make it happen in 2022. london after midnight performs with bauhaus, blondie, echo and the bunnymen, pil, she wants revenge, morrissey, and more in los angeles! tickets are sold at cruel world festival.












lam's "selected scenes from the end of the world: 9119" available now on double disk 12 inch vinyl, cd, and digital! order now! and watch fan video below!







january 2020! london after midnight's "selected scenes of the end of the world: 9119" is selling fast and getting rave reviews in europe's top cutting-edge music magazines like sonic seducer, orkus, etc! the album is completely remixed from the multi-track master tapes and includes never-before-heard bonus material, an unreleased recording from the original 1991 sessions, and previously unpublished photos! and it sounds incredible!

available now from this website and from lamofficial.bandcamp.com on heavy-weight double vinyl, cd, and digital. digital also available on itunes, amazon, and all other digital retailers!



in europe you can order 12 inch vinyl, cds, and digital from amazon.de, and in stores at mediamarkt, saturn, m&uumlller, etc.










pre-order "selected scenes 9119" now! hear the difference on double disk 12 inch vinyl, cd, and digital!

december 2019! hear the difference between the old mix and the pristine new mix of london after midnight's "selected scenes of the end of the world: 9119". completely remixed from the multi-track master tapes with never-before-heard bonus material and previously unpublished photos! 

available now from lamofficial.bandcamp.com on heavy-weight double vinyl, cd, and digital. digital also available on itunes and wherever digital music is sold!

















news archive 2002-2020




























 














