









			earth and space sciences at lamar university - lamar university
		




























skip to content







lu connect
lu online
library
academic calendar
maps
directory




  apply 
contact us
  search 
  more 





lu connect
lu online
library
academic calendar
maps
directory
give




about
academics
admissions
student life
athletics
research















lamar university


earth and space sciences
college of arts and sciences







menu 





degrees


faculty and staff


projects


space at lu


mineral exhibit


contact us





 








home





welcome to earth and space sciences







geology, earth science and the related fields in space science include studies of the physical, chemical and biological processes of earth and space environment.
the mission of the department of earth and space sciences is to integrate scientific information regarding earth and its surroundings in space into a coherent and understandable framework. this integration of earth and space-related information is unique among the sciences and makes the department an important part of the college of arts and sciences. programs in the department emphasize the importance of your appreciation of your physical surroundings and environment. 
the department of earth and space sciences offers bachelor of science degrees in geology and earth science, and minor degrees in geology, earth science and space science. 







explore degrees and programs


geology earth science geospatial sciences space science g.i.s. certificates

 



ready to apply?


request info
apply now
visit campus

 


fields of employment in the areas of geosciences and space sciences


geological resources
geoscientists work in states that have a prominence of oil and gas activities. workers in natural resource extraction fields usually work as part of a team, with other scientists and engineers. most geoscientists split their time between working indoors in offices and laboratories, and working outdoors. doing research and investigations outdoors is commonly called fieldwork and can require extensive travel to remote locations.
the largest employers of geoscientists are:

architectural, engineering, and related services
management, scientific, and technical consulting services
mining, quarrying, and oil and gas extraction
federal government, excluding postal service
state government, excluding education and hospitals 

courses and requirements




earth system and space sciences
a career in space science is a job in which an individual conducts research and analyzes data to study the planets, the solar system and other parts of the universe. these scientists interpret data to develop theories that advance collective knowledge and understanding of the universe. this field includes many types of sciences, including astronomy, physics and chemistry. examples of space science professionals include astronauts, geologists, plasma physicists and climatologists
scientific researchers and technical analysts work for:

environmental/space science private companies
government agencies
government contractors

courses and requirements


 


partners

institutions and organizations the department of earth and space sciences work closely with:

national aeronautics and space administration


microgravity university


houston geological society


american institute of aeronautics and astronautics




geological society of america


american geological institute


texas space grant consortium


 american association of petroleum geologists


 












   4400 mlk blvd.  p.o. box 10009  beaumont, texas 77710 (409) 880-7011


    
   
all rights reserved. | questions or comments? department contact







        publish date: april 11, 2024
    












