






affairs to remember






























































homeaboutour storymeet the makerssafety guidelinessustainability programgiving programcateringmenusvenuesdietary considerationsservice portfoliofull event productionvenue managementbar managementgalleriessocialfoodcorporatesustainabilitylifestylecontact us 













































































affairs to remember is atlanta’s most sustainable and luxurious catering and event producer with over 40 years of industry experience. our success is attributable to our innovative menus, impeccable service, inspiring reliability, and immaculate attention to detail.




about us








 


"thank you, affairs to remember, for the gorgeous florals, table setting, delicious food, and superb table service. let’s do it again next year!  "
 
~v. squires
november 2024					



"i have no words to adequately express my appreciation for everything you all did to make this night magical for us. everything was flawless and i truly am in awe of each one of you and your team.”
 
~ b. ward
november 2024					



"the food and service were great. it was everything we wanted - thanks again for all your hard work making it perfect " 
~s. wiener
november 2024					



“thank you and your team! everything went beautifully. i am so thrilled to be able to work together and i appreciate your kindness and the years of experience you bring to our events. "
 
~l. planas
november 2024					



 





















catering

we pride ourselves on our award-winning menus crafted by our inspired chefs. delicious, sustainable, and totally customizable, we have the perfect menu for your special event.




menus


to go & delivery







service portfolio

our full event production meets the challenge of designing, managing, and orchestrating your special event with decades of industry experience and a highly dedicated team.




full event production


venue management


bar management services































contact us

first name *
				
please tell us your first name.

last name *
				
please tell us your last name.

organization/company
				

email *
				
please give us an email address where we can reach you.

phone number *
				
please give us a phone number where we can reach you.

best time to contact
				
anytime
morning
afternoon


event date
				

how can we be of service? *
				
how can we be of service?




please verify by checking the box above.

send






2316 defoor hills road nw
atlanta, georgia 30318-2206
(404) 872-7859
events@affairs.com


homeaboutcateringservice portfoliogalleriessustainabilitycontact uscareer opportunitiesprivacy policy 

follow us on:























copyright © 2025 affairs to remember.
website created by hemispheres unlimited.

