










jonathan hoenig, m.d. – face and eyelid plastic surgeon beverly hills los angeles






















































 













face and eyelid plastic surgery beverly hills los angeles



  contact : 310-247-3777 or 818-501-4550 














about us

jonathan hoenig md
dr hoenig’s cv
gene k. lee md, mph
meet the staff
happy patients – dr. hoenig
happy patients – danya
realself reviews


face

facelift
neck lift
midface lift
fat transfer
facial implants
liposuction
male plastic surgery


eyelids

eyelid surgery
brow lift
eyelid lift versus brow lift
eyelid ptosis repair (drooping)
eyelid surgery – variations and techniques
eyelid surgery recovery
anesthesia for eyelid surgery
eyelid surgery – windows to the soul
reconstructive eyelid surgery


skin

skinbetter science skincare

skinbetter science skincare products
skinbetter science skincare award winners


profound beverly hills
co2re (core) laser
botox and dysport
injectable fillers

juvederm fillers
restylane fillers
radiesse
sculptra


chemical peels
laser skin resurfacing
latisse
hand rejuvenation
dermaroller
nose picking
skin cancer reconstruction


patient info

registration forms
payment options
surgery center
preparing for surgery
preparing for injections
aspirin list
nutrition
recovery retreat
bev hills resources
brilliant distinctions
curated recommendations


contact

locations
newsletter
realself faqs


 













what our patients are saying...
i can’t express how much you have enhanced my life. you have made my outside match how i was feeling on the inside. for that, i will be forever grateful. 
~ jane
learn more









your natural beauty, rediscovered
see what you've been missing.
learn more









redefine your features
turning back the clock may be easier than you think.
learn more
















face and eyelid plastic surgery by jonathan hoenig, m.d.
beverly hills, los angeles, sherman oaks, encino


face and neck surgery








while minimally invasive procedures are on the rise, a face lift or neck lift can provide results that botox or fillers simply cannot. a well-trained eye, careful planning, and meticulous implementation of advanced techniques provide the most natural appearing results.


learn moreeyelids and brow surgery








the eyes are usually the first feature we notice about someone, but also the first area to show signs of aging. dr. hoenig is a board-certified ophthalmolgist and an oculo-plastic surgeon. having performed thousands of eyelid surgeries, your eyes are safe with him.


learn morenon surgical options








minimally invasive procedures such as botox®, restylane, juvederm, radiesse, scultpra, and intense pulsed light (ipl) offer the perfect alternative to cosmetic surgery for busy individuals who seek rejuvenation but can’t afford even a few days of downtime.


learn more








for the past 25 years, dr. jonathan hoenig has focused his los angeles plastic surgery practice exclusively on rejuvenation of the eyelids, face and neck. his expertise is the result of four fellowships and over 20,000 surgeries.
the eyes of an artist. the hands of an expert.
dr. hoenig has mastered both the science and art of face and eyelid plastic surgery. should you select him as your surgeon, you can be confident the results will be completely natural: never obvious, pulled or unnatural.
dr. hoenig is highly regarded as one of world’s experts in rejuvenation of the face, neck and eyelids. he approaches each patient individually, with an aesthetic eye and a knowing hand.
dr. jonathan hoenig is a world-renowned innovator of modern oculoplastic, facial plastic and reconstructive surgery techniques. he is a pioneer in state-of-the-art approaches for botox, the cheek or midface lift and the minimal incision, endoscopic browlift. dr. hoenig’s contributions in the fields of oculoplastic (eye-related) and facial plastic surgery have changed the lives of many by enhancing their features, rejuvenating their appearance, and boosting their self-esteem.
with offices conveniently located in beverly hills and sherman oaks, dr. hoenig is only 20 minutes from lax (los angeles international airport). his patients are from across southern california, the united states and all over the world. read in patient’s own words, their reviews of dr. jonathan hoenig.


we’ve recently update our website with more detailed information about eyelid surgery. be sure to check out the pages on eyelid surgery recovery, different types of eyelid surgeries and what the terms mean, the difference between needing upper eyelid surgery and a brow lift, and anesthesia for eyelid surgery.
did you know dr hoenig also is an expert in oculoplastic reconstructive eyelid plastic surgery and  skin cancer reconstruction surgery?
we welcome you to check back often for future updates and additions.



love letter of the monthi just wanted to thank you again for doing such an amazing job on my eyes.  i had been telling myself for 20 years that i was going to do it and when you were referred to me by dr. b., i knew i had found the perfect doctor: skilled, warm, and patient. i got […]
read moresign up for our newsletteryou don’t want to miss learning about our news and special offers! it’s easy to sign up now by texting drhoenig to 22828
read moreskinbetter spotlightskinbetter offers a scientifically advanced, uncomplicated approach to skincare. one product can deliver remarkable results; two to three skinbetter products can change how you feel about your skin. either way, skinbetter products ensure that real results are possible in your real life.  click here to purchase skinbetter online. we recommend starting with alpharet and alto. we […]
read more




































top 5 surgerieseyelid surgery
facelift
neck lift
browlift
fat transfer
 

top 5 proceduresbotox and dysport
injectable fillers
profound
chemical peels
laser skin resurfacing
 


patient infojonathan hoenig md
registration forms
payment options
happy patients – dr. hoenig
surgery center
 

contactcontact us
locations
bev hills resources
newsletter
meet the staff
 




© copyright 2002-2020 by jonathan hoenig, md


 










call now button

















































