



just the ticket - corporate travel specialists

































































				 corporate travel management
				 

				 managing corporate travel for over 30 years
				 








				 corporate travel management
				 

				 travel planning at its best
				 








				 corporate travel management
				 

				 with valued partnerships across the globe
				 








				 corporate travel management
				 

				 corporate air fare contracting specalists
				 








				 corporate travel management
				 

				 exceeding client expectations
				 








				 corporate travel management
				 

				 working together means we achieve the best results
				 








				 corporate travel management
				 

				 from now to the digital future
				 








				 corporate travel management
				 

				 with you all the way
				 









about us
            


we have been established since 1986 and are a fully bonded member of the civil aviation bonding scheme atol, licence number 3196. we are also a member of the international air transportation association, iata licence number no. 91235410. 

just the ticket is a leading travel company, with over 30 years’ experience in dealing with corporate travel. we pride ourselves on our service, innovative technology and commitment to providing our customers with a complete corporate travel management package.

a highly trained team of professionals manages our entire operation with key individuals assigned to account holders.

whether you have a dedicated person handling your travel arrangements, have multiple site locations, or would like your travellers to have direct contact with our business travel team, we can assist in implementing a travel policy, making sure your company policy and procedures are adhered to. 

we have negotiated excellent rates with our global partners and provide our clients with some of the lowest prices available, in today’s highly competitive market.

just the ticket are also well renowned for its innovation, in providing bespoke tailor-made travel. although our name suggests, we handle only flight arrangements, just the ticket provides a complete travel service, which includes, car hire, hotels, city breaks, round the world air fares, eurotunnel, eurostar, fly-drive and fabulous discounted late holiday bargains. 

we have some very exciting specialist products, which include our online brochures, where you will find an enormous choice of long-haul holidays. 

our company prides itself on the service levels we maintain and the friendly team of highly professional staff we employ. 

you will not be disappointed when making a reservation with one of our team. 

our offices are conveniently situated in central london and we welcome clients to visit our office in person. we hope you enjoy your visit to our website and look forward to handling your travel arrangements. 
		  








our services
        







 



business travel management
all your needs






 



 business travel management
all your needs






 



 car hire
ready and waiting






 



 eurostar & eurotunnel
reservations and tickets






 



 flights
schedule, off line airlines, charter, round the world






 



 hotels
complete range for the business traveler






 



 meetings and events
events, meetings, seminars, corporate - previous events






 



 passports & visas
passports and visas






 



 technology
technology at your fingertips






 



 travel risk management
deliver business resilience and travel risk






 



 uk & international rail
uk & international rail






 



other services
lots more services






 



 other services
lots more services









  








contact us
get in touch
                  



                    email:
                    sales@justtheticket.co.uk


                    phone number:
                    +44 2072918111


                    address:
                    13 manchester mews, london, w1u 2dx








                    have any questions?






































send message














© 2021 all right reserved.
                



















































