






rainbow city public library










































 

 






skip to content







home
using the library

adult knitting & crochet group
curbside pickup
children’s programs
computer use
hours and location
library board
membership and loan policies
playaway launchpad tablets


online resources

view all online resources
wifi printing
alabama virtual library
ancestry library edition
camellia net (ebooks)
heritage quest online
homework alabama
kanopy video streaming
additional resources

abcmouse
chilton library
gale legal forms
the merck manuals
salem literature – home access
salem literature – library access




catalog/my account
contact
menu 













 





art night
rcpl book club
rcpl adult knitting & crochet group


miss amy’s preschool storytime
miss mallory’s musical storytime
lego® club

 
borrow ebooks, digital audiobooks & magazines

borrow ebooks, audiobooks, and magazines to read on your device using the libby app from overdrive. it’s free and easy to get started. learn more at https://meet.libbyapp.com.

you may also borrow items directly from the camellia net website.
log in with your 8-digit rcpl card (start with the first zero and skip the last digit) and pin. this is the same pin you use to access your library account. for more information click here. you must log in with your rcpl card number to get access to all titles/copies owned by rcpl.
can't log in? please check with library staff.  you may have an expired card, outstanding fines, or overdue items.  please call 256-442-8477 ext. 0 during normal operating hours.
 


 
attention parents/guardians
due to new policies established by our library board to meet new state aid requirements, we need you to fill out a new library card application for each of your children age 17 & under.
any child’s card that has not been updated by october 31, 2024 will be temporarily revoked until a new application has been completed.  we cannot check out or renew materials on cards while their status is revoked.
chapter 520-2-2 supplemental state aid to public libraries requires alabama public libraries to “approve written guidelines that establish library cards for minors under the age of 17 must require parental approval before a minor’s card is permitted to check-out materials from the library’s adult sections.”
our new policy for student cards states in part:
“a parent or legal guardian agrees the child may check out any item in the library’s collection with their library card, including those in the adult collection, as well as access materials in the library’s digital collection that are intended for adults.  it is the parent’s or legal guardian’s responsibility to decide what materials are appropriate for their child to borrow and to supervise their child’s access to and use of all library materials.  if a parent or legal guardian does not agree to these terms, they may borrow library materials for the child on their card instead.”
we fully support and believe that it is the parent’s right and responsibility to decide and monitor what is appropriate for their children to read or watch.
please note that grandparents or other adults cannot complete the application for a child.
we apologize for any inconvenience.

 
wifi printing is available!patrons may print documents from their device using wifi printing. black and white prints are 10 cents per page, color prints are 25 cents per page (cash or check only).  documents are released once payment is made at the circulation desk; you will need to provide your print job id code.

 
kanopykanopy is a video streaming service that provides instant access to thousands of critically acclaimed movies, documentaries and kids favorites.  kanopy partners with studios like a24, the criterion collection, pbs and more to provide access to thoughtful entertainment.
you can stream kanopy on any of your favorite devices.  kanopy is accessible via mobile and tablet apps for iphone and android.  you can also access kanopy on your desktop, and smarttv apps like roku, apple tv and fire stick.
create a kanopy account using your 8-digit rcpl card number and pin. visit rbclibrary.org/kanopy to learn how to get started!
 

kanopy kids features a collection of films and tv series that inspire and inform, helping children develop social emotional skills and reinforcing valuable learning topics, such as history, science, and new languages. kanopy kids offers a diverse selection of educational and entertaining content, including movies, tv series, animated storybooks, live action features, and animated favorites.  kanopy kids is appropriate for children ages 2 and up, with a focus on ages 2-8.
upon playing any kanopy kid’s film, you will have unlimited access to the entire kanopy kids library for the next 30 days.
create a kanopy account using your 8-digit rcpl card number and pin. visit rbclibrary.org/kanopy to learn how to get started!
 

 
playaway launchpad tablets
we have added playaway launchpads to our collection! these tablets come pre-loaded with educational content for children.  strengthen children's skills in reading, math, science, and language. 
several tablets in our collection are part of the launchpad pre-k academy which gives preschool-aged children 5 different paths to explore on their way to kindergarten. with a combination of apps, storybooks, and videos – learning will happen right before your eyes.  no downloads. no wifi.
click here to see a list of launchpad tablets available in our collection or click here to view our launchpad lending policy.
 
wonderbooks

 



wonderbooks are books that read to children, ask questions, and make learning fun. discover the ready-to-play audiobook inside every wonderbook. borrow one today!


wonderbooks are similar to the vox books already in our collection but they also have a learning mode that asks children questions.


click here to view a list of titles in our collection.

 

vox books for children

 


vox books are printed books that provide full professional audio narration using a unique audio reader attached to the book. studies have shown that vox books users improve their reading comprehension by 75% and improve their reading accuracy by over 50%.

click here to see a list of vox books
available at rainbow city public library.


 
curbside book return





please return your materials in the curbside return located behind the library or to the circulation desk.
do not return launchpads or games  in the book/av return.   there will be a $5.00 fee assessed for each launchpad or game returned via the book/av return.

curbside pickup is available!

curbside pickup is available monday-thursday from 9:30am - 6:30 pm and friday - saturday from 9:30am-4:30pm. to place an order, call us or visit our online catalog and log into your account to reserve items.  click here for more information about curbside pickup.


 
research your family treesearch for your ancestors on ancestry library edition and discover your unique family history! this resource includes billions of records from around the world, including from u.s., u.k., and canadian census and vital records, immigration and passport records, periodicals and books, photos, and more.  new resources are added frequently.  library use only; remote access is not available.

you may access  heritage quest online from home!  you’ll find u.s. federal census records, family histories, published genealogies, historical books, revolutionary war records, freedman’s bank records, and more to help you trace your american ancestors’ paths across history. if you are using heritage quest from home you will be prompted for your 14 digit rainbow city library card number.

 
book salevisit our ongoing book sale to find some incredible bargains!hardbacks -- $.25 and up (most are $3.00 or less!)paperbacks -- $.10 and upmagazines -- $.05 eachaudiobooks and videos -- priced as marked
new titles are added weekly!
courtesy charging station

did you leave your charger at home? is your mobile device low on power? get charged with our courtesy charging station provided by exchange bank. thank you exchange bank!
chilton library

chilton is the world’s most comprehensive and trusted automotive repair database with easy-to-follow, step-by-step repair guidance on thousands of cars and trucks from 1940 to the present. this database is available to alabama residents through alabama public library service.  click here for access or select the chilton link from our online resources menu.  if you have difficulty accessing the database through internet explorer, click on tools, select compatibility view settings and add galesupport.com .








abc mouse

from age of learning, inc., the award-winning abcmouse.com curriculum is designed to help young children (ages 2-8+) build a strong foundation for future academic success.  abcmouse.com is 100% educational, with 5,000+ learning activities across all major subject areas-reading, math, science, social studies, art, and music.  best of all, kids love it!
please bring your own headphones.
in-library access only.  remote access is not available. 
over 1,500 brand new learning activities designed to address the learning needs and interest of 2nd grade students has been added to abcmouse.
 


 
like us on facebook to stay informed about library programs.
 






hoursnormal hours:
monday 9:00am - 7:00pm
tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm
wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm
thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm
friday 9:00am - 5:00pm
saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm
sunday - closed
location3702 rainbow drive
rainbow city, al 35906
256-442-8477
connect with usfacebook
instagram
contact
 

copyright 2015 
a siteorigin theme











