







	overview









































overview
ordnance

artillery ammunition
mortar ammunition
tank ammunition
pyrophoric payloads
r&d



countermeasures

infrared flares
radar chaff
r&d



careers
contact









search









overview



















armtec is the producer of the largest and most varied line of combustible ordnance and countermeasure products in the world. we are dedicated to serving the expendable countermeasure and combustible ordnance needs of customers worldwide.  we develop and manufacture state-of-the-art ordnance products, infrared decoy flares, radar countermeasure chaff, and a variety of other pyrotechnic devices.  under the armtec brand, we are  proud of our role in contributing to the preparedness of the united states and allied armed forces for decades. 
combustible ordnance products are manufactured at our coachella, california facility, which is also the location of our executive offices. expendable countermeasures are manufactured at our flare facilities in east camden, arkansas, our chaff facility in lillington, north carolina, and at our coachella, california location.
operations
combustible ordnance
our executive offices and combustible ordnance facilities are located near palm springs, california. we have over 100,000 square feet of under-roof facilities which include:

research and development equipment
chemical evaluation laboratory
engineering services
quality control operations
high volume production
safety and security services
flexible manufacturing capability
pilot plant for small scale production

infrared decoy flare facilities
our infrared (ir) decoy flare facilities are located in east camden, arkansas and we  have more than 175,000 square feet of facilities which include:
 

research and development
 (supporting both flare and chaff product lines)
extensive testing facilities
 
dual band ir measurements
mechanical properties
wind stream testing
aerodynamic properties
burn rate fixture for evaluation of pressures


chemical evaluation laboratory
high volume production equipment
engineering services
quality control operations
safety and security services
flexible manufacturing capability
warehouse and storage

radar countermeasure chaff facilities
our chaff products are manufactured at our lillington, north carolina facility. our 160,000 square foot north carolina facility is the only-fully integrated chaff production operation in the world and currently produces more than one million pounds of chaff per year. the facility includes:

high volume production equipment
automated cutting and loading equipment
test facilities
chemical laboratory
warehousing and storage

our people and our values
people are our most important asset. we have assembled the largest and most experienced team of scientists, engineers and operators in the expendable countermeasure and combustible ordnance industries.  our people believe in values which are the foundation of our culture.
“armtec is a dedicated team that operates in an environment of truth, trust and teamwork through open communication and respect.”
quality
we have a strong commitment to quality in our manufacturing and development activities. we are:

iso 9001:2015
supplier certified by our major customers
recognized worldwide as a high quality producer

environmental responsibility
as a responsible corporate citizen, our operations are dedicated to protecting human health, natural resources, and the local and global environment in accordance with the environmental principles. this dedication reaches further than compliance with the law to encompass the integration of sound environmental practices into our business decisions. this policy is based on the integration of risk-based, cost-effective management practices into site activities, with the aim of continually improving environmental performance.











































































































































copyright 2025 by armtec defense technologies


california supply chain act   

	
	  |
        privacy statement
        |
        terms of use






 













