


airline flight attendant careers























    
	airline flight attendant careers
	
  


more than pilots, mechanics, and ticket agents, the job of an airline flight attendant can get your travelling the world for free and an interesting career in aviation.





sunday, november 30, 2014



	 

	 frontier airlines flight attendant recruitment event dec 6,7  (arlington heights, il)
	 
    


ever dreamt of being a flight attendant?well now is your chance!frontier airlines is actively recruiting flightattendant candidates in the chicago area for our east coast operations.starting hourly rate is $19.52/flight hour, excellent benefits including flight benefits, med/dental, vacation/sicktime, paid holiday and 401(k)!please attend our recruitment events!saturday, december 6, 2014orsunday, december 7, 2014doubletree by hilton chicagoarlington heights75 west algonquin roadarlington heights, il 60005doors open at 8:00amplease rsvp tofacareers@flyfrontier.comno later than friday, december 3, 2014! you must rsvp to attend either event as capacity is limited, so please send your rsvp quickly!to attend, you must apply online atwww.flyfrontier.com/careers,and send your rsvp to receive your confirmationand entrance ticket. you must be confirmed and receive a ticket to be admitted!*transportation & accommodation to event not provided, please plan on spending the entire daywith us. you must bring a current resume andidentification documentation (passport, driver’s license, etc.). business attire is required. if you have interviewed for theposition in the last 6months, you may not interview again*



posted by crew4jets at 6:28 am
       |
         6 comments






monday, november 24, 2014



	 

	 women in corporate aviation announces 2015 spring scholarships 
	 
    


women in corporate aviation announces 2015 spring scholarships southhaven, miss. – november 24, 2014 – women in corporate aviation (wca), the premier non-profit mentoring association for professionals in corporate and business aviation, has announced its 2015 spring scholarships, which will be presented during the 26th annual international women in aviation conference in orlando, fl on march 6, 2015. wca members may apply by january 1, 2015.the following four wca scholarships total $21,050:women in corporate aviation career scholarship ($2,000) - for any wca member pursuing professional development or career advancement to be used toward specific corporate aviation education (not general business course work). training suggestions include: flight training, dispatcher training, maintenance training, flight attendant training and upgrades in aviation education. pilots: please submit copies of pilot licenses, medical and logbook pages with your application.beyond and above corporate flight attendant initial training scholarship 4 awards at $3,500) - for any wca member pursuing professional development as a flight attendant. training includes g550 and bbj express training, emergency training, food safety and catering.dassault falcon wca scholarship ($1,000) – for any wca member pursuing an aviation-related undergraduate or graduate degree. the applicant must be a u.s. citizen, fluent in english and have maintained a gpa of 3.0 or better (on a 4.0 scale) in current year. usc viterbi aviation safety and security scholarship ($2,350) - for any wca member pursuing education within the usc viterbi aviation safety and security program. the scholarship covers the cost of tuition of any course. who should apply: safety managers, training, flight department and maintenance managers and supervisors, pilots, air traffic controllers, dispatchers and schedulers. ati international flight procedures training scholarship ($1,700) – for any wca member pursuing a professional pilot’s education or who’s currently professional pilot. training includes international procedures initial training (either onsite or online).  scholarship rules:applicants must be current dues-paying wca members ($40 for individuals and $25 for students). log into www.wca-intl.org to view scholarship application.applications must include: 500-word essay, two letters of recommendation and certificates, transcripts, and resumes, as applicable.for additional rules and to apply for a wca scholarship, visit http://www.wca-intl.org/scholarships/to join wca or renew a membership, visit: http://www.wca-intl.org/join-or-renew/ about women in corporate aviation (wca) - wca is a premier 501(c)(3) non-profit premier mentoring association for professionals in corporate and business aviation. providing networking, mentoring, scholarships, and educational opportunities for current and future corporate/business aviation professionals, wca offers individual and corporate memberships. for more information, visit http://www.wca-intl.org.###



posted by crew4jets at 2:02 pm
       |
         1 comments






saturday, november 22, 2014



	 

	 hop air hiring crew members in the eu
	 
    


hop! stems from the alliance between 3 regional airline companies (airlinair, brit air and regional) within the air france group.thanks to its powerful network combined with the efficiency of its over 3,000-employee staff, the company is the new transport solution for inter-regional flights, in france and europe.service quality, protection of the environment and proximity are the key values that hop! upholds every day in order to facilitate its passengers travel thanks to both rapid and comfortable flights at affordable rates.key figures• 98 planes• 530 daily flights (330 for the hop network)• 136 lines (104 lines for the hop network)• flights to 69 cities of which 50 from hop’s own network.• the alliance of 3 companies• 1 brandapply online at http://www.hop.com/en/careers



posted by crew4jets at 7:12 am
       |
         2 comments






tuesday, november 18, 2014



	 

	 new edition of the flight attendant career guide now available as an e-book
	 
    


the 4th edition of the flight attendant career guide is now available as an ebook for only $4.95.this
 guide has been around for 20 years, and is the best source for how-to 
and career information for commercial, charter and corporate flight 
attendants in the us and canada.order your copy today!﻿






posted by crew4jets at 7:18 am
       |
         0 comments






saturday, august 30, 2014




how not to get hired by an airline

lately, when i've been posting open flight attendant jobs on social 
media, i've been finding more and more people responding in the comments
 section with statements such as, "i'm interested, contact me" or "look 
at my profile".

quite frankly, you might as well kiss your chances of getting hired, goodbye.

in my case, i'm not the employer, just someone passing along the job 
openings as i learn of them, and all the information is listed in the 
job posting.

if it were an employer posting the job openings, you need to be more 
proactive in responding. airlines and corporate flight operations hr 
departments don't have time to click to your web page and look at your 
qualifications. you're just spinning your wheels.

to be effective, you need to respond directly to the employer via the 
method they indicate in their posting. if they give an e-mail address, 
send your resume and a short cover letter to that address. if they give a
 website link, go directly to that website and enter your application 
information there.

don't wait for an employer to find you. go to them and let them know all the reasons they should be hiring you.



posted by crew4jets at 5:30 am
       |
         2 comments






sunday, october 27, 2013




women in corporate aviation 2014 scholarships announcedwca scholarships are awarded to women and men who will positively impact the future of corporate aviation.awards will be presented at the 2014 women in aviation conference in orlando, flthe women in corporate aviation career scholarshipthe women in corporate aviation career scholarship the women in corporate aviation career scholarship is offered by the members and sponsors of women in corporate aviation to any person pursuing professional development or career advancement in any job classification of corporate/business aviation. it is to be presented at the 2014 women in aviation conference in orlando, fl. the award must be used toward a specific program of education. suggested uses include (but are not limited to): flight training, dispatcher training, maintenance training, corporate flight attendant training and upgrades in aviation education. the award cannot be used for general business course work. scholarship will not be awarded to previous winners of women in corporate aviation scholarships. if you are a pilot please submit copies of pilot licenses, medical and logbook pages with your application.scholarship value $2000women in corporate aviation 2014 international career scholarship the international career scholarship is offered to non-us based members of women in corporate aviation. membership dues collected around the world fund this award. the award is available to anyone pursuing professional development or career advancement in any job classification of corporate/business aviation. it is to be presented at the 2014 women in aviation conference in orlando, fl. the award must be used toward a specific program of education. suggested uses include (but are not limited to): flight training, dispatcher training, maintenance training, corporate flight attendant training and upgrades in aviation education. the award cannot be used for general business course work. scholarship will not be awarded to previous winners of women in corporate aviation scholarships. if you are a pilot please submit copies of pilot licenses, medical and logbook pages with your application.scholarship value $2,000the dassault falcon wca scholarshipthe dassault falcon wca scholarship is sponsored by dassault falcon. the purpose of the scholarship is to provide financial assistance for a woman seeking to pursue a career in business or corporate aviation. applications are to be made through the wca website: www.wca-intl.org.dassault falcon is awarding a $1,000 scholarship to support a woman seeking to pursue an undergraduate or graduate degree in an aviation-related field. the applicant must be a u.s. citizen, fluent in english and have maintained a gpa of 3.0 or better (on a 4.0 scale) in her most recent year of schooling. applicant should submit two letters of recommendation, copies of flight logs if applicable, resume, and a one-page essay detailing her current educational status, and what she hopes to achieve by pursuing a degree in aviation and her aspirations in the field.scholarship value $1,000usc viterbi aviation safety and security scholarshipusc viterbi aviation safety and security scholarship is offered by the members and sponsors of women in corporate aviation to anyone who has demonstrated interest in aviation safety or management in corporate/business aviation. this award is for the cost of tuition of any course offered by the usc viterbi aviation safety and security program.who should apply: safety managers, training, flight department and maintenance managers and supervisors, pilots, air traffic controllers, dispatchers and schedulers. visit http://viterbi.usc.edu/aviation/aviation_cert_programs/aviation_safety_security.htm for more information.value: $2250wca scholarships are awarded to women and men who will positively impact the future of corporate aviation.applicants must be wca members, with dues paid in the last year.annual membership dues are $40 for individuals and $25 for students.click here to join or renew your wca membership:  http://www.wca-intl.org/join-or-renew/awards will be presented at the 2014 women in aviation conference in orlando, flapplications must include the following items:1)    essay: each application must include an essay.some scholarships have a specific essay length requirement. click here for more details.:http://www.wca-intl.org/scholarships/the essay should describe how the scholarship would help the applicant further his or her career goals in corporate aviation. the essay should be 500 words or less.2) two letters of recommendation:the recommender must know the applicant for more than one year.3) certificates, transcripts, and resumes, as applicable.click here to apply now:  http://www.wca-intl.org/scholarship-application/you must be a member and logged in to view/complete the scholarship applicationfor additional information or questions, contact jennifer dardzinski or stacey kotrla, wca scholarship co-chairs at scholarships-wca@wca-intl.org.



posted by crew4jets at 12:00 pm
       |
         6 comments






tuesday, july 02, 2013



	 

	 2013 scholarships posted!!
	 
    


2013 scholarships posted!!  wca is 
pleased to announce the newest lineup of scholarship offerings. the 
following awards will be presented at the nbaa convention october 22-24,
 2013 in las vegas, nv. (www.nbaa.org)  wca 2013 scholarships are
 available for flight, maintenance, management, flight attendant and 
other corporate aviation career advancement programs. scholarship 
applications are due monday, august 12, 2013.  http://www.wca-intl.org/scholarships/



posted by crew4jets at 3:52 pm
       |
         2 comments











about me

name:  crew4jets 
location:  delray beach, fl, united states 
view my complete profile

links

google news
flight attendant career guide
aviation jobs
resume help

previous posts

frontier airlines flight attendant recruitment eve...
women in corporate aviation announces 2015 spring ...
hop air hiring crew members in the eu
new edition of the flight attendant career guide n...
how not to get hired by an airline

lately, when i...
women in corporate aviation 2014 scholarships anno...
2013 scholarships posted!!
2013 nbaa flight attendants / flight technicians c...
stop by the avianation booth at the women in aviat...

mark your calendars! 

join us in istanbul, turke...

archives

april 2005
july 2005
april 2008
may 2009
june 2010
july 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
june 2011
july 2011
january 2012
february 2012
july 2012
september 2012
february 2013
june 2013
july 2013
october 2013
august 2014
november 2014





 





