





fancy that antiques – buying and selling for a better community!





















































 












we buy jewelry!
shop
about us
blog
contact
search this website fancy that antiques
buying and selling for a better community!







we buy all types of jewelry!

				call, text photos or contact us here to get a quote or to make an appointment. 413-512-3714			


				get a quote and get paid fast!			








charity

				we donate wearable jewelry to charities like juvenile hall auxiliary of contra costa county in martinez, ca. let us know if you need some jewelry to raffle off for your event! we are happy to help!			


				contact us			








antique jewelry

				give us a call for a consultation on selling your jewelry. we have many resources, all are free of charge.			


				contact us			








jewelry modeling opportunities

				we feature jewelry for every age and price range. contact us for modeling opportunities and earn free jewelry!			


				email malena your info!			








ethnic hand crafted jewelry

				no one can beat our prices! we have new items posted every day.			


				buy here!			


























buyingwe buy costume jewelry, gold and silver. perhaps it’s time to celebrate the freedom of a big life change, or it may simply be time to make room for new treasures.


get a quote!


 

















sellingwe sell over 150 pieces of jewelry every week on ebay. we use that platform to give you the lowest prices possible. now our retail store is closed, we can give you far more items for far less than retail. we have new arrivals daily.


shop now


 

















mass appeal tvi am a wwlp contributor for mass appeal. click below for instructions & recipes from the tv show.


diy info


 






















 
welcome!welcome to fancy that antiques! we buy all types of jewelry from antique to modern, costume to fine. we pay the full value of sterling silver and very good prices on gold according to market rate. we understand many things have sentimental value and we will work with you to find the best way to serve your needs. if we choose not to buy your items, we can help you find the best way to sell them. we have auction contacts, estate sale reps and other valuable information we are happy to share with you. we love our community and our neighbors! give us a call to schedule a personal consultation with us.
 







contact usfeel free to call or text us with your questions. you may also email us but due to the amount of emails we receive, the fastest way to get a response is by text. with our new mailing list, we do not sell or share your information. we also do not participate in ads! thank you for your patience as we continue to update our website.
fancy that antiques
p.o. box 1152
stockbridge, ma 01262
413-512-3714
info@fancythatantiques.com
 














 


  











copyright © 2025 fancy that antiquesfacebook
instagram
pinterest
twitter
theme by sheshoppes
































