


 


woodworkweb - woodworking community





















































mobile menu toggle








 


 





contact us 




advertise with us 




about us 




privacy statement 




terms of use 




disclaimer statement 




as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying purchases 




woodworkweb is a participant in the goaffpro affiliate program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to the partner site 

 

rss feed
 


 





 

search search
   


homewoodworking articles & videosbeginners woodworkingwoodworking jigswoodworking toolsboxes & picture frameslumber & woodfurniture making topicswoodworking tips & tricksshop toursgeneral woodworkingkitchen projects ideaswood finishingsmartphones & toysoutdoor projectswood joineryamazon storemerchandisefaq





homewoodworking articles & videosbeginners woodworkingwoodworking jigswoodworking toolsboxes & picture frameslumber & woodfurniture making topicswoodworking tips & tricksshop toursgeneral woodworkingkitchen projects ideaswood finishingsmartphones & toysoutdoor projectswood joineryamazon storemerchandisefaq



  







                simple jig for diy veneers anyone can make!            




read time: 4 mins




	hits: 175 
since purchasing my 14" bandsaw a few years ago, i have had little occasion to use it for cutting thin slices of wood, or "veneers" as they are referred to, but this requirement has changed.
 
now that i have the xtool laser etcher, and having sampled some of it's capabilities, a whole new world of woodworking ideas have taken hold ... many or which require thin pieces of wood between 1/8th to 1/4 inch or 3 to 6mm.


			read more …			simple jig for diy veneers anyone can make!		







                thin strip jig upgrade you can’t ignore            




read time: 6 mins




	hits: 507 
one of the many benefits of youtube is that sharing ideas with others often helps all of us improve what we do. such is the case with this thin strip ripping jig i made a few years ago. my buddy bill, from the sunflower woodworkers guild near wichita, came up with cool safety adaptation for this and today i am going to make re-make this very popular jig ... 

one of my concerns with this style of jig, especially when ripping very small pieces of wood, the blade "could" flip a small piece of wood upward toward the operator ...


			read more …			thin strip jig upgrade you can’t ignore		









                my favorite new shop made planer stand            




read time: 4 mins




	hits: 478 
i seem to have spent a lifetime creating and re-creating shop made stands, work benches and cabinets. after purchasing a new tool, i often need to make some sort of a stand for it, which usually means something "quick and dirty" with the idea i will make a better one later or ... which i do, but sometime much later ...
 
such is the case with my planer stand. i love my little 13" (thirteen inch) helical head planer. with my other tools, it is perfect for my shop saves me tons of time and works like a gem, but the stand has always been an issue for me ... 


			read more …			my favorite new shop made planer stand		







                recreating the genius wwii ammo box (a memorial project)            




read time: 4 mins




	hits: 1989 
woodworking sometimes leads me on strange journeys, and this was one of the most enlightening. the original goal here was to build a replica world war ii ammunition box for a memorial display. i thought, how difficult could it be to build a box ... right?  then i made the mistake of going on to the internet to see if there were any examples and that's where the fun started.there were tons of examples, some old, some new some replicas some originals in every shape and size you can imagine, but i had to figure something out that was "original to the time era" as best i could, and what i uncovered was truly startling .... 


			read more …			recreating the genius wwii ammo box (a memorial project)		







                5 rookie mistakes in woodworking to avoid            




read time: 5 mins




	hits: 879 
i have always loved learning new things from other people ... i still love this and i am still learning new things every day, but now i find myself wanting to give back to others what i have learned along the way, and this video is a quick synopsis of things that i wish i had learned much earlier in my wood working adventures ...
 
the video is only 14 minutes long, not long enough to describe some of the details so i will share what's not in the video here ...


			read more …			5 rookie mistakes in woodworking to avoid		







                more ca glue tips & projects and new products            




read time: 3 mins




	hits: 596 
ca glues have become a mainstay in woodworking because of their fast curing times. in many cases a ca glue can act like a third-hand to woodworker assembling more difficult projects. for others, just the fast, strong abilities of the glue are enough to warrant keeping a steady supply in the workshop at all times. 
 
along with ca glues, are the 5 minute epoxy glues that allow for a strong quick bond as well, but with a bit more "open time" for the glue so the woodworker can make small adjustments if needed ... 


			read more …			more ca glue tips & projects and new products		








                * new* precise woodworking with thickness & leg planning jigs, so easy



                diamond stone sharpening a $uper rare stanley no. 2 plane



                sunflower woodworkers guild out-reach at state fair 2024



                learning new woodworking techniques with a weekend project



                enhancing classic woodworking projects with modern laser machines





                    page 1 of 104                









1



			2		



			3		



			4		



			5		



			6		



			7		



			8		



			9		



			10		



 



 





 



 
   







  






all logos and trademarks in this site are property of woodworkweb and/or their respective owner(s). all rights reserved unless otherwise provided as noted, please report any copyright infringements to the email noted elswhere on this site.
© woodworkweb 2025.  









off-canvas toggle


 
off canvas sidebar is empty 




mobile menu toggle






contact us 




advertise with us 




about us 




privacy statement 




terms of use 




disclaimer statement 




as an amazon associate i earn from qualifying purchases 




woodworkweb is a participant in the goaffpro affiliate program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to the partner site 



 
 













 
 