








save the planet personal training - kettlebells workouts & steel mace exercises





























skip to content


save the planet personal training
kettlebells workouts & steel mace exercises


menu

about save the planet personal training
contact
privacy policy








battle rope trainingbattle rope boot camp workout 


february 18, 2022february 18, 2022 zack walters 

when you are struggling to find something that is both interesting and productive, it can be difficult. that’s why we recommend trying out battle ropes for an activity which will keep your mind sharp while also providing a challenge of skillful movement with each swing!

when you find yourself stuck on a fitness plateau, it’s time for some spice. battle ropes are an extreme form of exercise that will get your blood flowing and help break through tough workouts! check out our facebook page for more great battle rope boot camp workouts.
you know those days where you feel like nothing is fun anymore? that’s why i hit the gym hard every day. there are times when my entire world consists of hill sprints and interval runs, but even these get boring after awhile!
i’m not saying this to be anti-social – fitness can become quite tedious if we don’t have any variety in our routines (and lives). from circuit training classes with tons of equipment operator help as well as one on ones; from running solely outdoors at dawn light under cherry blossoms or through mountain passes…there’s always something new waiting around each corner for us.
there’s nothing like the feeling of surprise and anticipation that comes with changing up your workout routine. you might be shocked by how much more calories you burn when working out with battle ropes, or perhaps it will help make those tough workouts easier on days where motivation isn’t easy for whatever reason!
the best way to make your workouts more interesting is by adding variety. using weight machines and running on different surfaces can help you burn calories even when doing the same old exercises at home or in a gym setting, as it forces our bodies adjust every so often!
the best part about working out is that it’s always evolving. you can make your sessions more exciting by switching up the weights or machines, which will help keep things interesting for you and give into a healthier lifestyle!
why not spice things up a bit? you know that routine is starting to feel patrol-like. why don’t you mix it up with some new exercises and see how your body feels after trying something different for just one week! a little variety never hurt anyone, right?!
all you need are a few different exercises, the right equipment and some creativity. give your body something new by adding variety into workouts so that burning calories becomes easier for it all because we’re guessing this is what happens when our bodies have been doing one type of workout too long!
the same old weights and machines. the same stale scenery in a gym is not what you want your body to experiences every day of the week! introducing variety can help with burning calories as it forces change on everything from how much fuel our bodies use, which hormones are turned up or down by exercise; even improving metabolism has been shown over time due this little extra something new we throw into workouts each session- don’t be afraid if its uncertainty at first because soon enough any fear will subside once these benefits manifest themselves.
battle ropes are an innovative form of upper body resistance training that provides a high intensity, functional workout. many people think battle ropes is just another flashy fitness trend but they actually provide more benefits than traditional rowing machines or even cable chambers! for example: you can do it anywhere without needing much space; plus its portable so you could take them with on vacation if desired – not bad for only trying out one new exercise routine.
it’s like a cross between strength training and plyometrics, but without any of the running. it has been getting rave reviews from all accounts!
battle ropes training is usually conducted in fitness boot camp groups. it’s not very common though, probably because many people don’t have access to battle rope equipment or the time for it!
battle ropes training is an intense fitness routine that usually takes place in boot camps. this form of exercise isn’t very common, but it’s easy to get access if you live near one of these clubs or have a friend who does!








power bagsthe dangerously fit power bag workout for building 6-pack abs 


august 7, 2021august 12, 2021 zack walters 

the dangerously fit power bag workout for building 6-pack abs
stand with your feet quite close together, grabbing the power bag by the side handles. take a big stride to the left with your left foot and drive the hips back to lower into a side lunge while at an angle away from where you’re going next.
check that your knees are in line so they don’t come too far over or pierce out past our toes as well as making sure both of them stay on their respective sides when we turn around- but this is not just about keeping balance!
we also want to make it more interesting for ourselves because doing something like turning halfway still isn’t enough work… so use that momentum now (which hopefully should have built up!)
to lift those arms high overhead before sending right leg forward once again “forward”.
it’s said that abs are built in the kitchen. in other words, your diet plays a leading role in ensuring you don’t have to hide any of those rectus and transversus abdominis muscles or obliques. nevertheless, how active you get is important too – it’s not all about what we eat but rather how well-toned our bodies become through exercise as well!
in order to maximize this effect on conditioning these muscle groups so they can work together effectively for form and function purposes try doing some “burpee” exercises: drive through left foot to return back center then use momentum from jumping up high enough with arms above head level (letting bag drop)to raise them overhead.
break away from the traditional, heavy weights routine and develop your muscles to their full potential with this powerbag australia workout. you’ll work through every conceivable plane of movement for a well-developed physique while melting fat at an impressive rate.
forget lifting heavy weights at the gym to get a great workout. dan clay, has made it his mission in life is to make working out more fun and engaging for people by thinking outside of the box with new exercise techniques that are guaranteed to give you an awesome body without all those boring old workouts like bench presses or squats – who wants that? 
build power bag training into your week and not only will you find yourself getting toned faster than ever but also stay fit enough during emergencies so when society crumbles around us we’ll be able t go on about our day as if nothing happened.
how to perform the powerbag snatch
for the next exercise, you will need a bag and some space. drop down into your squat position (think sitting with only two points of contact) and grab onto the side of the bag that’s on ground level with both hands. hold it out in front at chest height, then drop below until your arms are fully extended to punch up and throw off any tension or tightness from holding for so long! make sure to keep those hips back as you stand again – this is where all that power comes from!
how to perform the powerbag front squat
this is a great exercise for strengthening your core and legs while improving coordination. hold the bag in front of you, squat down until the weight feels comfortable on your shoulders then stand back up as aggressively as possible to punch it upwards!



enjoy this article? check out our blogspot page!








bulgarian bagstrain with bulgarian bags for fast fat loss! 


february 3, 2021february 3, 2021 zack walters 

so, these are some ways to maximize your personal trainer consultation. do take them into consideration while beginning your hunt for a personal trainer who would help you realize your fitness goals.
not all personal trainers train their clients the same way. some personal trainers enjoy cardio, others are into bodybuilding and some like functional training.
so, what’s best?
well, there is no right or wrong! it depends on your goals.
if you want to lose weight and tone up i recommenced metabolic conditioning. this type of training will burn a boatload of body fat, lean your body and get you fit fast!
this begs the question, how do i train metabolic conditioning?
my favourite method is the bulgarian bag. bulgarian bags are highly versatile and work every major muscle in the body. a 20-minute high intensity workout with the bulgarian bag is far superior to doing some steady state cardio training. my go-to bulgarian bag is the dangerously fit bulgarian bag, they have a wide variety to choose from including their very popular dangerously fit hydro bag. these can be picked ups fro their sydney bulgarian bags fitness equipment store.
dangerously fit bulgarian bags
fitness training requires commitment, concentration and a good bit of hard work. that is if you want to be successful in reaching your goal to become fit, trim and confident. keeping the commitment angle going is not always easy. there will be days when you have other assignments, days when you feel lethargic and exercise is the last thing you want to do. there will also be days when you feel your progress in losing fat is not going well – so why go through the tough routine?
if any of the above reasons make you feel like giving up, below are a few tips that might help you to stay motivated:
taking the first stepjust by deciding to go in for fitness training you have taken the first difficult step. then you will have built up the exercise routine you need to get fit. what you need to keep in mind is an image of a new you emerging after a couple of months or so. also whenever you get bored do not just throw in the towel. look for ways and means that will help you to keep going; slowly the boredom will disappear and you will begin to take more interest in the training.
too much activeyou spend hours doing your daily errands and feel that you have worked quite a lot to remove a few pounds, but in real that is not what the case is. rather short bursts of intense activities burn way more calories than you think. so do add it in your body transformation list.
check the portions of your healthy food intake.at times, calories are attached to the nutritious food which you eat. say, you opted for a cup of oatmeal with walnuts in it, a large glass of blueberry juice and a banana. you won on the nutrients intake part but that healthy meal gave you almost 700 calories too. therefore, the best way to chalk out a diet is to plan in advance and count the maximum calorie intake you want to go up to in a single day.
downsize the portion, if you tend to eat the real meal.avoid going for fat free food. researchers said that a study shows where it proves that fat free foods have more or less the same amount of calorie intake compared to the full meal. therefore, it is advisable to go for a real meal, but just small size the portions you have. as it is quite normal that you cannot totally cut down on those things which you love eating.
don’t forget your cardio.one of the biggest mistake done is not being able to figure out how to lose belly fat. it does not matter how well toned your abs are, crunches won’t help you lose out on your belly fat.
for the same, you require to rev up your calorie burn. activities with alternate high intensity bursts with easier bouts has shown to reduce more belly fate compared to a moderate workout.
all you need to do is just be a bit extra careful while following your body transformation. if you do it properly, then surely no one will be able to stop you from getting the results you desire.







kettlebell traininghow do you know that your kettlebell training program works for you? 


october 22, 2020october 22, 2020 zack walters 

hiring a kettlebell trainer is the most important investment you make for getting a healthy and fit body. you put in a significant amount of money, effort and time in achieving a slim and toned body. there are quite a few indicators to understand whether your kettlebell training program is working for you or not.
check the scalethe weighing scale will tell you how many pounds you have managed to lose. make a note of your weight before your kettlebell training program starts and keep checking your weight regularly. of course, your kettlebell trainer will be monitoring your progress regularly, but this is one way you can evaluate for yourself.
losing incheswhen you start a kettlebell program, it is possible that you may show little change in weight, but on close measurement you see that you have lost inches. the best way to check is by using a measuring tape. if your regular clothes start feeling too loose, it is a sign that your kettlebell workout sessions are giving you the right results.
losing inches is always followed by shedding of pounds, so you can be sure that your weighing scales will show up results soon. always choose a fitness trainer that has been qualified with the dangerously fit kettlebell qualification in australia.
sweating profuselysweating profusely after your kettlebell training session means you have burnt significant amounts of calories and lost weight in the process. it is a sign of an effective workout session.
heart ratea personal trainer can help you assess your fitness on a heart rate monitor and understand how many calories you have burnt during your kettlebell workout sessions. dangerously fit kettlebells are the gold standard in kettlebell design and will last you a lifetime.
feeling hungryfeeling hungry after a training program is a sign that there has been a considerable amount of energy and calorie expenditure during your kettlebell workout. when you feel hungry after a kettlebell session, it means that your body is telling you to refuel with energy.
sleeping soundlya quality workout helps you sleep well. you wake up less during the night and have a good and restful sleep. this shows that your personal training program is effective and is giving you the right results.
feel energizedfeeling energized after a workout session is a sign of a good kettlebell workout. it indicates that the kettlebell training program that has been designed for you by your personal trainer is effective and is helping you stay fit.
looking greata good personal training program helps you knock off those pounds and get a great body. it also helps flush out toxins and release specific chemicals that can give you a glowing skin. blood flow to your skin increases and this gives it a soft glow.
falling ill less oftenif you feel that since starting your workout program, you have been falling ill or getting that cough, cold, headache or fever less often, it is a sign that your training program has been effective at increasing your immunity.
as your kettlebell training program progresses, you must keep a check on your body signs to know how well your body is responding to the workout sessions. your personal trainer will guide you to know which workouts suit your body and help you achieve your weight loss goals faster.










coursessteel club certification nz & australia 


october 1, 2020october 22, 2020 zack walters 

want to become a certified kettlebell, steel mace or steel club instructor?
check out the video below…












recent posts


battle rope boot camp workout


the dangerously fit power bag workout for building 6-pack abs


train with bulgarian bags for fast fat loss!


how do you know that your kettlebell training program works for you?


steel club certification nz & australia




search for:



categories

battle rope training

bulgarian bags

courses

kettlebell training

power bags






proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
	theme: dara by automattic. 





