



maryland rv dealer association | timonium md rv super sale | motorhomes maryland rvs trailers campers fun movers maryland recreational vehicle dealers association 


 





































maryland recreational vehicle dealer's association inc.














toggle navigation
navigation 










home
find a dealer
show information
coupon
photo gallery
go rving
visit maryland
contact us











maryland rv show



show dates & times

february 2025

feb 14th – 17th
open president’s day!
feb 21st – 23rd



show hours:
       
fri & sat: 10am – 8pm
sun & mon: 10am – 6pm          
          




advance online tickets


adults: $8.00
3 day multi-pass: $12
(children under 12 free)

          
online tickets

online tickets already include $2 off



at the gate tickets

cash only – atm’s available
   
adults: $10.00
3 day multi-pass: $15
(children under 12 free)
 


get $2.00 off coupon


show the coupon at the gate to get discount. you can show coupon on your mobile device or bring a printed version by clicking “get coupon” button above.






 
 


no dogs allowed
exceptions: small dogs that are carried or in pet carriers or strollers (no paws on ground).trained dogs that are guide dogs or professionally trained support dogs.


the maryland recreational vehicle dealer's association was founded in 1965, and incorporated in 1969, as a group of rv dealers selling motor homes, travel trailers, and conversion vehicles.
membership was later extended to affiliated industries such as parts/accessory suppliers, repair facilities, banks, and financial and insurance companies meeting the highest quality standards.
our goal is to ensure the growth and enjoyment of a quality rv experience for our customers throughout maryland and the united states. to that end we ensure our members remain committed to providing the highest quality products & service.
the mrvda also holds 2 major rv shows each year at the timonium fairgrounds, 2200 york road in timonium, maryland. the first show takes place the last two full weekends of february, with the second being held on one weekend in september.
feel free to contact us with any questions
you may have,and on behalf of
all our members...
happy rving!

visit your local rv dealer
for your best dealon a
new or used rv this season


benefits of purchasing locally from a maryland dealer:



local maryland rv dealers will beat or match any legitimate out of state quote
you enjoy valuable "face time" with your dealer representative who can walk you through the product, explaining features and benefits of the product.
you receive a full product orientation prior to delivery, which includes hands-on directions for many of the coaches systems and functions. you are also introduced to the dealership's service / parts / warranty personnel who are at the ready to help you with any issues you may encounter, now and in the future.
 you enjoy customer priority when it comes to getting your unit serviced. dealerships will always service their purchasing customers first and all out of state rv's will get pushed to the back of the line. this can result in a one to three month wait in some cases and is the number 1 source of regret of those who choose to purchase from an out of state dealer. what is it worth to you to have a dealership's full attention and motivation to satisfy you when you need service - in a timely manner?
not only do you get the best rv prices and service but valuable tax dollars and jobs stay in your community which pays for your roads, schools, police and fire departments etc.

---sincerely, greg merkel • treasurer






what will you discover when you go rving? that boredom can’t find you if it doesn’t know where to look.

freedom, flexibility and fun: that’s the rv difference.
there’s taking a trip from point a to point b. and then there’s rving. recreation vehicles give you more control,convenience and comfort than other forms of travel. with an rv, you can hit the road more often for longer periods, for less money.
the reasons you go rving are the same reasons you take any vacation. to get a break from the daily routine. to be with family and friends. to rest. to relax. to see new places. to try new things.
but the difference between rving and other types of vacations is that rving allows you to truly achieve all those goals - and more.
with rving, there are no flights to catch. no security hassles. no long lines or lost luggage. no hauling heavy bags in or out of costly hotel rooms. no expensive, unhealthy food. no strange bedrooms, bathrooms or kitchens.
rv owners surveyed by harris interactive cited escaping the routine of the everyday world, enjoying nature and resting, and relaxing and recharging their batteries as the main reasons for taking rv trips.















join our email list for rv show news & updates





email: 








design, hosting and internet marketing by countywebsitedesign.com



cwr0225


