







islandia pools - pools, spas, maintenance, & retail store




















































        
          
            islandia pools
          
        
      




















































              home
            

              gallery
            

              about
            

              our services
            

              hours & directions
            

        financing
      



              contact
            















































































homegalleryaboutour serviceshours & directionsfinancing





                
                  
                    islandia pools
                  
                
              
pools + spas + retail + maintenance on eastern long island




contact









scroll






 

backyards were made for back floats.

 

pool + spas + retail + maintenance




    contact us
  

       

 

 









our services

 











pools



learn more






 











spas + grills



learn more






 











maintenance + repairs



learn more






 











retail store



learn more






  




  









 




testimonials





















“john answered all of our questions and we were quite impressed with the ‘customer experience’ aspect of islandia pools.”-jay beber






















“just a great experience and a pleasure to do business with.”-bob b.






















“i would most certainly recommend islandia pools to everyone i know!”-j.o.






















“the level of service provided is entirely different from what we previously experienced.  it is outstanding!”-arianne g.






















“we are very appreciative of the wonderful treatment we received, including your expertise and patience answering our endless questions.”-marty and peggy winkleman






















“i give islandia a 5-star rating as they exceeded my highest hopes for a good experience.”-jay b.











 







  












   

get to know us!hi, i’m john.i’m the proud owner of islandia pools for over 30 years. if you’re dreaming of a chic retreat or need help with taking care of your pool or spa, you’re in the right place. we’re excited to bring our award winning designs and top-notch customer service straight to your backyard. 

 




   


    book a free consultation call 
  

    









home



services



testimonials



about us



footer cta








   































islandia pools
108 fishel avenue,
riverhead, ny, 11901
631-727-6312
dave@islandiapools.com


hours
mon 9am - 5pm
tue 9am - 5pm
wed 9am - 5pm
thu 9am - 5pm
fri 9am - 5pm
sat 9am - 5pm
sun 10am - 3pm




retail store  108 fishel ave, riverhead, ny 11901      hours   mon - fri  9am - 6pm      sat 9am - 4pm      sun closed



homegalleryaboutour servicesfinancinghours & directionscontact




copyright © islandia pools ltd. 2019  privacy policy & terms and conditions

  







