
    








how to clean your apple products - apple support



































































































































































applestoremacipadiphonewatch
visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport


0+




how to clean your apple products
get recommendations and guidelines for cleaning your mac, ipad, iphone, apple vision pro, display, or peripheral device.
apple products are made with a variety of materials, and each material might have specific cleaning requirements. to get started, here are some tips that apply to all products:
use only a soft, lint-free cloth. avoid abrasive cloths, towels, paper towels, or similar items. avoid excessive wiping, which might cause damage. unplug all external power sources, devices, and cables.keep liquids away from the product, unless otherwise noted for specific products.don't get moisture into any openings.don't use aerosol sprays, bleaches, or abrasives.don't spray cleaners directly onto the item.
is it ok to use a disinfectant on my apple product? using a 70 percent isopropyl alcohol wipe, 75 percent ethyl alcohol wipe, or clorox disinfecting wipes, you may gently wipe the hard, nonporous surfaces of your apple product, such as the display, keyboard, or other exterior surfaces. do not use these cleaning products on apple vision pro as they may damage the device. don't use products containing bleach or hydrogen peroxide. avoid getting moisture in any opening, and don't submerge your apple product in any cleaning agents. don't use on fabric or leather surfaces.
if liquid makes its way inside your apple product, get help from an apple authorized service provider or apple store as soon as possible. liquid damage isn't covered under the apple product warranty or applecare protection plans, but you may have rights under consumer law. if you plan to visit an apple store, make a reservation at the genius bar (available only in some countries and regions).
for more detailed instructions, select your apple product:
laptop computersdesktop computersdisplayscablesperipheralsapple watchapple vision proairpodsairpods proairpods maxhomepodipodiphoneiphone accessoriesipadipad accessories
laptop computers
learn how to clean your mac laptop computer.
macbook, macbook pro, and macbook air
if your mac has a nano-texture display, learn how to clean your nano-texture apple display.
when cleaning the outside of your macbook, macbook pro, or macbook air, first shut down your computer and unplug the power adapter. then use a damp, soft, lint-free cloth to clean the computer's exterior. avoid getting moisture in any openings. don't spray liquid directly on the computer. don't use aerosol sprays, solvents, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide that might damage the finish.
to clean the screen on your macbook, macbook pro, or macbook air, first shut down the computer and unplug the power adapter. dampen a soft, lint-free cloth with water only, then use it to clean the computer's screen.
to clean hard-to-remove smudges or fingerprints on the display or exterior of your mac, you can use a cloth moistened with a 70-percent isopropyl alcohol (ipa) solution to gently wipe the display or enclosure of your mac laptop.
macbook pro models from 2016 and later with touch bar and touch id: clean the touch bar and touch id (power button) on these computers the same way you would clean the display. shut down your mac and unplug the power adapter. dampen a soft, lint-free cloth with water only, then use it to clean the touch bar and touch id.
macbook (13-inch, late 2009) and macbook (13-inch, mid 2010): the bottom case of these computers uses a soft nonslip material. use a 3m gray microfiber or soft dye-free, lint-free cloth to clean the bottom case.
desktop computers
learn how to clean your mac desktop computer.
mac pro, mac studio, mac mini, and imac
if your mac has a nano-texture display, learn how to clean your nano-texture apple display.
first, shut down your mac and unplug the power cord along with other connected devices. then use a damp, soft, lint-free cloth to clean the computer's exterior. avoid getting moisture in any openings. don't spray liquid directly on the computer. don't use aerosol sprays, solvents, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide that might damage the finish.
to clean the display on your imac, dampen the cloth that came with your imac—or another clean, soft, lint-free cloth—with water only, and then wipe the screen. to clean hard-to-remove smudges, you can moisten the cloth with a 70-percent isopropyl alcohol (ipa) solution.
don't clean the screen of your imac with a cleaner containing acetone. use a cleaner intended for use with a screen or display. never spray cleaner directly on the screen. it might drip inside the display and cause damage.
displays
if your apple pro display xdr or apple studio display has nano-texture glass, learn how to clean the nano-texture glass on your apple display.
first, disconnect the display from power, from its connection to a computer, and from any external devices. then use the cloth that came with your display or another soft, dry cloth to wipe dust from the screen.
if additional cleaning of the display panel or case is required, use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. avoid getting moisture in openings. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean the display.
don't clean the screen of your display with a cleaner containing acetone. use a cleaner intended for use with a screen or display. never spray cleaner directly on the screen. it might drip inside the display and cause damage.
peripherals
apple wireless or usb keyboards, mice, and trackpads
first, power off the device. if your device uses removable batteries, remove the batteries. (if your device is wired, simply unplug it from your computer.)
next, clean the outside of your device with a lint-free cloth lightly moistened with water. don't get moisture in any openings or use aerosol sprays, solvents, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide.
if your magic mouse or magic mouse 2 isn’t tracking properly, there might be a hair or other debris on the sensor lens. turn the mouse over and inspect the sensor window using a bright light. if you see debris, use compressed air to gently clean the sensor window.
cables
to clean your apple cable, unplug each end of the cable from your device and power adapter. then use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth to wipe along the length of the cable. if the cable is still not clean, use a soft lint-free cloth wet with soapy water to wipe along the length of the cable. use a dry cloth to wipe the cable and remove any excess moisture. avoid getting any moisture near either connector on the cable. allow the cable to dry overnight before using it again with your device.
iphone accessories
iphone case—silicone or clear
to clean your silicone or clear iphone case, remove your iphone from the case. use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth to wipe the outside and the inside of the iphone case. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean the iphone case.
iphone case—finewoven material
to clean your finewoven iphone case or reduce the appearance of scratches, first remove your iphone from the case.
in a clean container, mix 1 tsp. (5 ml) of liquid laundry detergent into 1 cup (250 ml) of water.dip a lint-free cloth into the soapy water solution, wring it out slightly, and rub the cloth on the case surfaces gently for 1 minute.wipe the case clean with a separate cloth that's slightly dampened with fresh water.dry the case with a soft, dry, lint-free cloth, making sure to remove any excess moisture.
the material may look different and show wear over time as the fibers get compressed with normal use. some scratches may diminish over time.
iphone case—leather
the leather iphone case is made from natural leather. its appearance will change as you use it. it might acquire a patina and might change color due to the oils from your skin and direct sunlight, further enhancing the natural look.
cleaning the leather iphone case might affect its color. if you choose to clean this case, first remove it from your iphone. use a clean cloth with warm water and mild hand soap to gently clean the iphone case. you can also use a mild cleaner along with a dry clean cloth. leather cleaners and conditioners can change the color of leather.
keep your iphone case away from prolonged intense sunlight, heat, and humidity. exposure to water, oil, makeup, and dyed materials (such as denim) can stain tanned leathers.
iphone smart battery case
to clean your smart battery case, remove your iphone from the case. use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth to wipe the outside of the case. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean the case.
when cleaning the internal lightning connector, use a soft, dry, lint-free cloth, and don’t use liquids or cleaning products.
iphone magsafe accessories
magsafe charger and magsafe battery pack contain magnets that might attract debris during everyday use. brush off any debris from the magnetic ring before cleaning these accessories. 
unplug your magsafe charger or magsafe battery pack from power. 
then dampen a microfibercloth with 70-percent isopropyl alcohol and wipe the silicone middle of the charging area. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean your magsafe charger or magsafe battery pack.
learn how to clean your iphone
ipad accessories
apple pencil
to clean your apple pencil, use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. with the damp cloth, wipe the body of apple pencil from the tip end toward the other end. do not wipe the tip itself or the usb-c connector on apple pencil (usb-c). don’t allow moisture to get inside the body of your apple pencil. 
ipad smart keyboard, smart keyboard folio, smart cover, and smart case—polyurethane
to clean your polyurethane smart keyboard, smart keyboard folio, smart cover, or smart case, first remove it from the ipad. use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. wipe the front and the inside with a soft, lint-free cloth.
don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean this product.
ipad magic keyboard
to clean your magic keyboard, first remove it from the ipad. use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. wipe the front and the inside with a soft, lint-free cloth. you may use a 70 percent isopropyl alcohol wipe or clorox disinfecting wipes. avoid getting moisture in any opening, and don't submerge your magic keyboard in any cleaning agents. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean this product.
avoid prolonged contact with other materials, as color transfer may occur.
ipad smart cover and smart case—leather
the ipad leather cover/case is made from natural leather. its appearance will change as you use it. it might acquire a patina and might change color due to the oils from your skin and direct sunlight, further enhancing the natural look.
cleaning the leather might affect its color. if you choose to clean the leather, first remove the cover/case from your ipad. use a clean cloth with warm water and mild hand soap to gently clean the leather. wipe the outside and the inside with a soft, lint-free cloth to remove any dirt. you can also use a mild cleaner along with a dry clean cloth. mild cleaners or conditioners might help remove some stains but might also change the color of the leather.
keep your ipad leather cover/case away from prolonged intense sunlight, heat, and humidity. exposure to water, oil, makeup, and dyed materials (such as denim) can stain tanned leathers.
ipad silicone case
to clean your ipad silicone case, remove your ipad from the case. use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth to wipe the outside and the inside of the case. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean the ipad case.
ipad
if you have an ipad pro (m4) with nano-texture glass, learn how to clean the display.
handle your ipad with care to maintain its appearance. if you're concerned about scratching or abrasion, you can use one of the many cases sold separately. to clean ipad, unplug all cables and turn off ipad (press and hold the sleep/wake button, and then slide the onscreen slider). use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. avoid getting moisture in openings. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, compressed air, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean ipad. ipad has an oleophobic coating on the screen; simply wipe ipad's screen with a soft, lint-free cloth to remove oil left by your hands. the ability of this coating to repel oil will diminish over time with normal usage, and rubbing the screen with an abrasive material will further diminish its effect and might scratch your screen.
ipod
ipod touch
to clean ipod touch, unplug all cables and turn off ipod touch (press and hold the sleep/wake button, and then slide the onscreen slider). then use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. avoid getting moisture in openings. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, compressed air, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean ipod touch.
ipod classic
to clean ipod classic, unplug all cables, turn ipod classic off, and slide the hold switch to hold. then use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. avoid getting moisture in openings. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, compressed air, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean ipod classic.
ipod nano
to clean ipod nano, unplug all cables, turn ipod nano off, and slide the hold switch to hold. then use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. avoid getting moisture in openings. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, compressed air, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean ipod nano.
on ipod nano (6th and 7th generations), which have no hold switch, just press the sleep/wake button to turn the device off before cleaning.
ipod shuffle
to clean ipod shuffle, unplug all cables, turn it off (slide the switch to off), and use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. avoid getting moisture in openings. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, compressed air, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean ipod shuffle.
ipod mini
to clean ipod mini, unplug all cables, turn ipod mini off, and slide the hold switch to hold. then use a soft, slightly damp, lint-free cloth. avoid getting moisture in openings. don't use window cleaners, household cleaners, compressed air, aerosol sprays, solvents, ammonia, abrasives, or cleaners containing hydrogen peroxide to clean ipod mini.
learn more
for more information on cleaning, handling, and working with your apple product, please refer to the user guide that came with your product or download a copy.

information about products not manufactured by apple, or independent websites not controlled or tested by apple, is provided without recommendation or endorsement. apple assumes no responsibility with regard to the selection, performance, or use of third-party websites or products. apple makes no representations regarding third-party website accuracy or reliability. contact the vendor for additional information.


published date: november 08, 2024








helpful?



                    yes
                

                    no
                














character limit:
250






maximum character limit is 250.

please don’t include any personal information in your comment.

                    submit
                




        thanks for your feedback.
    








apple footer



apple







support




how to clean your apple products








united states


copyright © 2025 apple inc. all rights reserved.
 privacy policy terms of use sales and refunds site map
















