

the-brit: homepage of nick dutton















 




 
 


 
 


 




 




 




 





 









 
 


 





 
 






 











 


 


 


 

please note:
this website is designed to work with internet explorer, some pages will not work 
correctly with other browsers, sorry but it was a decision based upon available time. if 
you wish to download ie click here.



click to download. 












welcome to my website. it is a site
about me and my interests.
i am british and an engineer educated
in the uk who currently is living in the bay area, california on the pacific
coast of the usa. my cv or 'resume' can be downloaded in my biography
section.
my interests are mainly in the active
sports of life. in my hobbies section you will find links to aviation, diving,
skiing and many of my other activities.
hobbies usually lead to fun times and
if you check out my 'fun times' link you will get to see photos covering many of
these activities.
interested in a british lesson?
the union flag


  


kristense; is my much better half.
occasionally she allows me to wear the pants in this relationship, but in all
honesty she is probably much better at it. 
she recently left working for intel
but is now made that transition to the mac, now she works for apple
in folsom, california, but is this is a 2 hour drive away from the bay area (5
on a friday!) or a 30 min flight if i fly.
check out her site using the link on the right.
blah blah blah
send me an email to:

webmail at the-brit dot com

two little anti-spam features, you need to both type the email 
address into your mail program and add the subject 'nonespam' as the subject 
matter, else all mail to this address is automatically deleted.

  





cessna 414, this aircraft is a very nice
machine, owned and very well maintained by flybuff aviation. here can be seen
pre-flight checks prior to a quick tour of the bay area coast line. more photos 
of this trip can be seen in the 'fun times' 
section.



 







 







home | biography
| fun times | hobbies |
my
links |
contact me                                   

this page was last updated on 
saturday, 24 january 2009.
the contents of this web are copyright. people wishing to acquire any of the 
images contained should make a written request.



 





