








the ultimate follow up machine - automated digital follow up by linku





























automated digital follow up by linku








linku home page






how it works
training
websites
pricing




call us at: 888.995.4658
        

 sign up now
        

















































the fortune is in the follow up
we provide done-for-you and automated follow up solutions that increase loyalty, referrals, and conversions.



                get demo  (opens in modal)


 sign up now
              








finally, a way to ensure your follow up is done the right way without the stress, guilt and lack of consistency.






 








what is linku?
imagine you have your very own expertly trained follow up assistant working by your side, combined with the most amazing follow-up automation platform ever created.

 see how it works
























your follow up assistant can...




reconnect you with your clients
we'll create personal automation to initiate conversations with your clients and sphere every day.



send a special message
we'll send a handwritten thank you card for a birthday, get well, or other unique moments that call for a timely and personal touch.



engage and re-engage leads
we'll create automated follow up to initiate contact for new leads, or re-engage old leads.



setup branded retargeting ads
we'll create ads on facebook and instagram to help keep you top of mind of virtually everyone you know.



assist in exporting and importing contacts
we can import and export contacts for follow up campaigns, format and clean files, and more.



handle the technical work
we'll set up integrations, install your retargeting pixels, improve email deliverability, format and clean csv files, and more.



 see how it works






















be everywhere they are with omnipresent follow up
we leverage all the follow up techniques and channels available, including emails, text messages, retargeting ads, handwritten notes, personal reminders, and more— creating a series of touches orchestrated by us and your follow up assistant, sent on your behalf.


















imagine what you could accomplish with help from linku...



organized database
a structure to organize, segment and tag your contacts.



systemized follow up
on-going follow up that runs like a well-tuned machine.



consistent growth
systems and processes that create consistent growth.



top of mind
establish "fame" and authority by being everywhere.



more hours in your day
get more time so you can do more of what you love.



predictable pipeline
consistency creates predictability.



personalized follow up
have real genuine connections and conversations.



dominate social media
using facebook and instagram retargeting ads.




increased appointments
have more people to talk, to create more opportunities.



more conversations
a system that creates more conversations automatically.



close more deals
more referrals, repeat business and increase conversions.



fast response times
engage with new leads within minutes.



no more lost opportunities
a system that keeps in touch, even if you forget.



reach your goals
a follow up plan to help you reach your income goals.



deeper relationships
create more referrals and repeat business on purpose.



omni-presence
be everywhere your customers are, from email to social.





 see how it works











let's get started! please provide your information below...
ooops... we messed up! can you please provide your information again?

your name














your phone number






your email address









 please verify you're not a robot.
 please fill out all required fields
 please provide a valid email address


continue








privacy policy
privacy policy





terms of use
you understand that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or other materials ("content"), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated. this means that you, and not linkusystems, are entirely responsible for all content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available via the service. linkusystems does not control all the content posted via the service and, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such content. you understand that by using the service, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. under no circumstances will linkusystems be liable in any way for any content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the service.
in the case that content, text, images, music, or graphics provided by linkusystems, inc. are found to be copyrighted and were used without proper permission from the copyright holder, linkusystems, inc. will assume responsibility for such content or copyrighted material. if   linkusystems, inc. is notified that a member is using copyrighted material, or if linkusystems, inc. has used copyrighted material on a client's website, linkusystems, inc. is obligated to correct any copyright infringements immediately upon notification by the copyright holder. in this situation, linkusystems reserves the right to edit, modify and change content, text, music, graphics or other materials on your web site at their discretion.
how does this application use google user data?
google oauth2 login can provide linku with access to a user's google calendar. we use this authorization only for adding, editing and deleting calendar events directly related to follow up tasks within your linku account. we do not edit or delete other events in your google calendar, nor do we share your user/calendar data with third parties.
you agree to not use the service to:

upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive,   harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of   another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
harm minors in any way;
impersonate any person or entity, including, but not limited to, an linkusystems, inc. official, forum leader, guide or host, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with   a person or entity;
forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any content transmitted through the service;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements);
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights ("rights") of any party;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as shopping rooms) that are designated for such purpose;
upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise make available any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to engage in real time exchanges;
interfere with or disrupt the service or servers or networks connected to the service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the service;
intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the u.s. securities and exchange commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without limitation, the new york stock exchange, the american stock exchange or the nasdaq, and any regulations having the force of law;
"stalk" or otherwise harass another.

you acknowledge that linkusystems does not pre-screen content, but that linkusystems and its designees shall have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or move any content that is available via the service. without limiting the foregoing, linkusystems and its designees shall have the right to remove any content that violates the tos or is otherwise objectionable. you agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content. in this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any content created by linkusystems or submitted to linkusystems.
you acknowledge and agree that linkusystems may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce the tos; (iii) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; or (iv) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of linkusystems, its users and the public. you understand that the technical processing and transmission of the service, including your content, may involve (i) transmissions over various networks; and (ii) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices
customer grants linkusystems the right to reproduce, copy, use and distribute all and any portion of the customer content to the extent needed to provide and operate the services.








automated digital follow up by linku




linku home page



call us at 888-995-4658



3737 main st. suite 107 riverside, ca 92501


follow us on facebook (opens in new window/tab)
follow us on twitter (opens in new window/tab)




inside linku
based out of southern california, we've been developing websites and digital marketing solutions for small businesses and real estate agents since 2003.

contact info & hours
career opportunities



client services

client login (opens in new window/tab)
webmail login (opens in new window/tab)
help center (opens in new window/tab)
make a payment (opens in new window/tab)
system status (opens in new window/tab)







download on the app store



get it on google play



©2025, linkusystems inc. all rights reserved.

privacy policy
terms of use














