







niagara bed and breakfast for niagara falls and niagara-on-the-lake b&b/cottage lodgings official website










niagara bed & breakfast and cottagesthe official bed & breakfast and cottage directory of niagara-on-the-lake, niagara falls and niagara


serving the worldsince 2001










  









































home   |   
bed & breakfasts   |  
cottages   |  
rates   |  
b&b rates today   |  
cottage rates today   |  
specials   |  
favourites   |  
contact us




















lodging search

select arrival:


jan
feb
mar
apr
may
jun
jul
aug
sep
oct
nov
dec



01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31



2025
2026


staying:  

1 night
2 nights
3 nights
4 nights
5 nights
6 nights
7 nights
8 nights
9 nights
10 nights
11 nights
12 nights
13 nights
14 nights

staying:  
any city / town
niagara on the lake
niagara falls
beamsville
grimsby
jordan
jordan station
queenston
port dalhousie
st. catharines
vineland

for: 
1 guest
2 guests3 guests
4 guests
5 guests
6 guests
7 guests
8 guests
9 guests
10 guests

lodging type:  
bed and breakfast
cottage



















photo gallery









events









intranet home









attractions









shopping









dining









things to do









tours









spas









festivals









wineries









history









golf









experiences









weddings









id you know?

		the biopic film about amelia earhart entitled amelia (2009) starring richard gere, hilary swank, and ewan mcgregor was filmed in niagara-on-the-lake.

		





















™







welcome to niagara-on-the-lake... the loveliest town in canada


this web site is for travelers who want to experience the fabulous hospitality of historic niagara-on-the-lake by staying at one of its many bed and 
breakfast or cottage lodgings.

there's no better way to experience niagara-on-the-lake than by staying at one of the many unique bed and breakfasts or cottages found on this site.  
whether your visit is for a romantic getaway, honeymoon, shaw festival theatre vacation, or a relaxing trip back in time, there is a 
niagara-on-the-lake, ontario, canada bed and breakfast or cottage that can satisfy your needs.  choose from one of the many historic guesthouses, a 
more modern bed and breakfast or a fully equipped cottage.

when you make a reservation from this site, you will be interacting directly with the lodging.  there are no built-in commissions for our 
accommodations.  your price comes straight from the lodging proprietor... and that fact makes us an official source of information for you.

the town of niagara-on-the-lake has a wide variety of attractions, tours, events, shops, and beautiful parkland for you to experience as does nearby 
niagara falls, ontario, canada.  niagara-on-the-lake is rich in history and contains many landmark sites including a key battleground from the war of 
1812 in nearby queenston heights.  spend time visiting the local forts that have been maintained with many period appointments intact.
wine lovers
as well, niagara-on-the-lake is home to dozens of award-winning wineries producing some of the most revered wines in canada.  
niagara-on-the-lake's unique geographical location between the niagara escarpment and lake ontario creates a unique growing climate that produces 
several varieties of wine including our renowned collection of ice wines.  indulge your party with a wine tour at hillebrand, jackson triggs or 
inniskillin wineries to impress even the most discerning wine lover.
natural beauty in niagara-on-the-lake
niagara-on-the-lake also boasts numerous parks, trails and outdoor activities for the outdoor enthusiast looking to explore the "green" parts of town 
and surrounding areas on foot or bicycle.  so, whatever  your preference, this directory of  niagara-on-the-lake bed and breakfasts has it for you. 
above all, you can be certain that the niagara-on-the-lake cottage or bed and breakfast you select on this site will provide personalized service and the highest 
standards of comfort during your stay in niagara-on-the-lake.
getting here
whether traveling by land, air or sea, getting to niagara-on-the-lake is easy.   toronto is only a short 1 hour drive away and the buffalo airport is 
even closer.  niagara-on-the-lake has its own marina if you are traveling on lake ontario by boat.  additional information on how to get here, what to do while you 
are here and information on the charming niagara-on-the-lake bed & breakfast and cottage lodgings can all be found within the pages of this website.

we hope that you enjoy your online visit to niagaraonthelakelodgings.com and we thank you for considering our town as your vacation destination.
niagara-on-the-lake...old world charms, new world wonders™

our blog
8 reasons to book a b&b

personal touch each owner adds their personal touch to your stay. enjoy their company and get that important local perspective and recommendations of the places to visit.  your b&b host will be like a personal concierge for you.
home-made breakfast some hotels may offer breakfast and if you don't mind re-heated scrambled eggs from a self-serve buffett, that may be ok for you, but at a b&b, each breakfast is made just for you! at no extra cost.
great rates and excellent value you can pick the b&b that suits your personal taste. you have the similar (and often better) amenities as compared to a hotel, but without the high price. most b&b's now offer free wifi included in the rate.
personalized welcome where else are you personally greeted by the owner of a business and made to feel so welcome. arrive a stranger, but leave as a friend.
comfort  to the b&b owner, you are not just one of 200 guests staying overnight.  you share the same roof as the lodging owner and your comfort is paramount, because it is aligned with the lodging owners' own comfort.
privacy and flexibility  enjoy flexible check-in/check out times and often a private entrance too.
meet other seasoned travelers  b&b guests are a distinct and sophisticated group of travelers.  many new friendships are made and travel stories shared over breakfast with like-minded people from all over the world.
every b&b is unique  there are no cookie-cutter room layouts and colour schemes at a b&b.  your experience is sure to be unique.


10 reasons to book through this site

we are official.  the rates and lodging profiles on this website are managed directly by lodging owners and not by some 3rd. party or middleman.
no commissions.  no transaction fees.  unlike so many other sites that charge the guest an upfront transaction fee for making a reservation, the price you are quoted on this site is the direct price from the lodging owner with nothing added.  we are one of the only sites to offer commission-free reservations, which means you are getting the best value for your time.
member managed.  all key areas on this website are managed by actual lodging owners.  this gives you a credible source for the information.
one stop resource. everything you need to know about niagara-on-the-lake can be found on this website.
designed in niagara. this website is the only popular niagara-on-the-lake website that was designed 100% by people living in niagara.
superior navigation.  our website is the most easily navigable website with its attractive layout and easy-to-use menu bars.  you will never get lost or have to deal with pop-up windows on this website.
rich member profiles.  we offer our lodging members at least 7 pages of rich content on this site including full descriptions, photo galleries and more.
favorites list.   we are the only site that allows you to store a list of favourite properties as you peruse the website.  you can then email or print that list for easy-sharing with your travel companion(s).
10 years of service.  the developers of this site have over 10 years experience helping guests source lodgings in niagara-on-the-lake
phone assistance.  have a question or prefer to book through a real person.  we can help.  call the number at top right. 


questions?

we are happy to assist you if you have any questions.  please contact us by email
thank you for your visit!  we look forward to seeing you in niagara-on-the-lake.

















featured lodgings












william's retreat

old town location - a real treat with large private garden opposite a park - accommodates 6 people




















hiebert's guest house

come as guests - leave as friends.




















as you like it b&b

we have redefined value!




















serendipity b and b

at serendipity you may arrive as a guest but you will leave as family!!




















vineyard villa





































lodgings

bed & breakfasts
cottages



reservation assistance

availability search
b&b availability today
cottage availability today
shaw festival 2015 packages-->
special offers



our membership

about us
contact us
join our membership
member login



niagara bed & breakfast is a division of guestserve inc. and a service of bedandbreakfast.travel
all content including lodging information and photos is protected by copyright.
copyright © 2001-2025 guestserve inc.  all rights reserved.
privacy policy









