





















billy moyer racing | batesville, ar | welcome to the internet home of dirt late model hall of famer billy moyer




 






 season 
              finale for moyer comes at boothill
september 
              28, 2024 --- the keith lawson 
              motorsports team and driver billy moyer likely competed in their 
              2024 season finale on friday night, september 27 at boothill speedway 
              in greenwood, louisiana. billy knocked down the fourth fastest lap 
              in group a during the world of outlaws case construction late model 
              series qualifying session prior to grabbing the second transfer 
              spot through his heat race. after starting the $15,000 to win main 
              event from the inside of the fourth row, billy retired from the 
              50-lap affair early in the distance and was officially placed twenty-fourth 
              in the final finishing order. full results from last night at boothill 
              speedway can be found online by visiting www.woolms.com.

billy moyer wins #853 
              at nearby batesville!!!
september 
              22, 2024 --- batesville, arkansas 
              hall of famer billy moyer racked up feature win #853 on friday night, 
              september 20 at the nearby batesville motor speedway in locust grove, 
              arkansas! aboard his keith lawson motorsports #21 entry, billy earned 
              fast time honors during comp cams super dirt series qualifying prior 
              to securing a victory in his heat race. billy then started from 
              the outside of the front row in the inaugural 'steve rushin memorial' 
              opener and led the final five circuits of the 35-lap contest to 
              bag the $5,000 first place prize money ahead of runner-up mason 
              oberkramer, jon mitchell, jamie elam, and b.j. robinson!
a similar $5,000 to win ccsds program was then held 
              at batesville motor speedway on saturday evening, september 21. 
              billy once again laid down the quickest lap overall during the qualifying 
              session before claiming another heat race triumph. after rolling 
              off from the pole position and leading the first 28 circuits of 
              the 35-lapper, "mr. smooth" settled for a strong runner-up 
              performance behind only victor b.j. robinson. full results from 
              the 'steve rushin memorial' can be viewed online by clicking on 
              www.compdirt.com. 
               (turn 3 images) 

moyer fourth in visit 
              to arrowhead speedway
september 
              15, 2024 --- billy moyer and 
              the keith lawson motorsports team invaded arrowhead speedway in 
              colcord, oklahoma on saturday evening, september 14. the comp cams 
              super dirt series presided over the action in the sooner state and 
              a $5,000 first place prize was up for grabs. billy clicked off the 
              second quickest time overall during the qualifying session prior 
              to securing a heat race triumph. after rolling off from the outside 
              of the front row in the 35-lap headliner, billy paced the field 
              for the first six circuits and eventually landed in the fourth finishing 
              position behind only victor b.j. robinson, jon kirby, and chris 
              wilhite, jr. full results from last night at arrowhead speedway 
              can be found online by clicking on www.compdirt.com. 
               (turn 3 images)

billy moyer on podium 
              twice in mlra action!
september 
              2, 2024 --- a lucrative labor 
              day holiday weekend greeted drivers racing with the lucas oil mlra 
              series, as a trio of events in the show-me state were held from 
              august 30-september 1. up first were a pair of races at the pristine 
              lucas oil speedway in wheatland, missouri that made up the annual 
              'ron jenkins memorial.' making his debut with keith lawson motorsports, 
              billy moyer won his heat race on friday night prior to finishing 
              an impressive runner-up in the 30-lap feature behind only $7,000 
              winner chris simpson. on saturday evening with a $12,000 top prize 
              up for grabs, billy placed fourth in his heat race and nineteenth 
              in the 40-lapper.
the triple shot then wrapped up on sunday with a stop 
              to moberly motorsports park in moberly, missouri. a $10,000 first 
              place prize was up for grabs in the annual running of the 'wiener 
              nationals.' billy laid down the quickest lap in group a during the 
              qualifying session before securing a heat race triumph. the national 
              dirt late model hall of famer then led 11 laps from the pole position 
              before landing on the podium in third behind only victor chad simpson 
              and runner-up dillon mccowan. full results from the mlra holiday 
              weekend tripleheader can be accessed online by clicking on www.mlraracing.com. 
               (todd boyd photo)

moyer back in action 
              in $50,000 topless 100
august 
              18, 2024 --- the 32nd edition 
              of the ‘topless 100’ was next for billy moyer, as he 
              piloted a double l motorsports #21 entry at the nearby batesville 
              motor speedway in locust grove, arkansas on august 16-17. in friday’s 
              preliminary event, which carried a $5,000 winner’s check, 
              billy finished fourth in his heat race, second in his b-main, and 
              eighteenth in the 30-lap feature event. following a consolation 
              race triumph on saturday evening, billy wound up twenty-third in 
              the final rundown of the $50,000 to win crown jewel spectacular. 
              full results from the ‘topless 100’ weekend can be found 
              online by pointing your web browser to www.lucasdirt.com. 
              (heath lawson photo)

billy moyer goes for 
              wild ride in gopher 50
july 
              7, 2024 --- next up on the 
              racing calendar for the cooney motorsports team was a visit to deer 
              creek speedway in spring valley, minnesota from july 4-6 for the 
              annual running of the 'gopher 50.' following a rain-out on thursday, 
              a day/night doubleheader was set for friday to get both $7,000 to 
              win preliminary programs in the book. during the day, billy moyer 
              placed fifth in his heat, won his b-main, and later ran eighteenth 
              in the 30-lap feature. in the nightcap, billy finished fourth in 
              his heat race and twentieth in the 30-lapper.
a huge crowd was then on hand on saturday evening for the 'gopher 
              50' grand finale, which boasted a whopping $50,000 payday. billy 
              unfortunately went for a wild ride in his consolation race and flipped 
              violently several times. the dirt late model hall of famer escaped 
              serious injury from the grinding wreck, but he was unable to make 
              the start in the 75-lap headliner that was ultimately won by bobby 
              pierce. complete results from the entire world of outlaws case construction 
              late model series weekend can be located online by clicking on www.woolms.com.

moyer tackles three 
              xr super series specials
july 
              4, 2024 --- the xr super series 
              sanctioned a trio of high-profile events in the states of minnesota 
              and wisconsin from july 1-3. up first at proctor speedway in proctor, 
              minnesota on monday, billy moyer ran fifth in his heat race and 
              twelfth in the 40-lap main event, which boasted a $15,000 payday. 
              in a similar $15,000 to win contest on tuesday night at gondik law 
              speedway in superior, wisconsin, billy placed fourth in his heat 
              race and twentieth in the final rundown of the 35-lapper.
the three-day stint with the xr tour wrapped up on wednesday evening 
              with the $50,000 to win ‘minnesota mega’ at ogilvie 
              raceway in ogilvie, minnesota. billy grabbed the fourth and final 
              transfer spot through his stacked heat race to earn the inside of 
              the eighth row for the start of the 50-lap headliner. "mr. 
              smooth" was unfortunately an early retiree in the mega-event 
              and was ultimately paid for another twentieth place performance. 
              complete results from all three races in the upper midwest can be 
              accessed online by clicking on www.xrsuperseries.com. 
               (highside race shots photo)

billy moyer competes 
              in trio of outlaws races
june 
              30, 2024 --- the #21 team 
              was busy in the states of iowa and minnesota from june 24-29, as 
              a trio of world of outlaws case construction late model series tilts 
              were held at three different venues. up first was a pair of $10,000 
              to win shootouts in the hawkeye state early in the week. on monday 
              at independence motor speedway in independence, iowa, billy moyer 
              placed fourth in his heat race and eighteenth in the 40-lap feature. 
              at hamilton county speedway in webster city, iowa on tuesday night, 
              billy ran fifth in his heat race before claiming another eighteenth 
              place performance in the 35-lap main event.
over the weekend, the action shifted north on saturday 
              evening to norman county raceway in ada, minnesota. billy grabbed 
              the fourth transfer spot through his heat race and later rolled 
              off from the outside of the sixth row in the 50-lap headliner. with 
              a $15,000 paycheck up for grabs, billy was unfortunately an early 
              retiree in the contest and was ultimately paid for a twenty-third 
              place showing. complete results from each of these three races can 
              be accessed online by clicking on www.woolms.com.

moyer posts plethora 
              of top tens on hell tour!
june 
              24, 2024 --- the cooney motorsports 
              team and driver billy moyer were extremely busy this week with a 
              total of six dirtcar summer nationals shows in successive days across 
              the states of iowa, illinois, and missouri from june 18-23. billy 
              landed inside of the top ten in all six programs with his best finish 
              of sixth coming on two different occasions. "mr. smooth" 
              trailed only $5,000 winner ryan unzicker, jason feger, tanner english, 
              kye blight, and garrett smith on thursday at spoon river speedway 
              in banner, illinois, while he finished behind only $7,500 victor 
              jason feger, tyler erb, ryan unzicker, jake little, and tanner english 
              on sunday at lincoln speedway in lincoln, illinois.
other finishes for the week included a tenth on tuesday 
              at davenport (ia) speedway, an eighth on wednesday at adams county 
              (il) speedway, a seventh on friday at brownstown (il) bullring, 
              and a ninth on saturday at federated raceway (mo) at i-55. complete 
              results from all six of these races can be found online by visiting 
              www.dirtcarsummernationals.com. 
              (todd healy photo)

mr. smooth on podium 
              with summer nationals!
june 
              16, 2024 --- billy moyer competed 
              in a pair of $10,000 to win dirtcar summer nationals showdowns over 
              the june 14-15 weekend at tri-city speedway in granite city, illinois 
              and fairbury speedway in fairbury, illinois. on friday night at 
              granite city, billy placed second in his heat race prior to passing 
              a handful of competitors during the 40-lap feature en route to a 
              strong third place podium effort behind only winner tyler erb and 
              runner-up frank heckenast, jr. at fals on saturday evening, billy 
              ran second in his heat race, but later wound up eighteenth in the 
              final rundown of the 50-lapper. complete results from both weekend 
              races can be found online at www.dirtcarsummernationals.com. 
              (todd healy photo)

billy moyer in action 
              in dirt late model dream
june 
              9, 2024 --- the cooney motorsports 
              team rolled into the famed eldora speedway in rossburg, ohio for 
              the 30th edition of the 'dirt late model dream.' a $25,000 winner's 
              check was on the line in the split-field, preliminary program on 
              friday night, june 7. billy moyer laid down the twelfth quickest 
              lap in group b during qualifying before running fourth in his loaded 
              heat race. after starting the 50-lap main event from the inside 
              of the eighth row, billy wound up finishing the contest right where 
              he started... in the fifteenth spot.
on saturday evening, june 8, a whopping $100,030 top 
              prize was up for grabs in the 'dirt late model dream' finale. in 
              front of a huge grandstand crowd, billy ran sixth in his loaded 
              heat race and seventh in his b-main. unfortunately, those finishes 
              were not able to transfer the batesville, arkansas hall of famer 
              into the 100-lap crown jewel headliner that was won by jonathan 
              davenport. complete results from the entire 'dirt late model dream' 
              weekend can be found online by accessing www.eldoraspeedway.com. 
              (todd healy photo)
 
 
 




:: home 
        | moyer 
        bio | career |  schedule 
        | sponsors 
        | photos 
        | store 
        | for sale | bmr 
        team |  contact 
        ::





















