






home - the lagotto romagnolo club of great britain




















































































































home
the club

history of the club
membership
club rules and regulations
annual awards
newsletters
rescue and rehome
club forms
club contacts


the breed

an overview of our breed
history of the lagotto romagnolo
history of the lagotto in the uk
health
grooming
day to day maintenance
kc breed standard
fci/country of origin breed standard


puppies

introduction
right for you?
meet our lagotto
club puppy adviser contacts
breeders list
breed specific ethics


judging

judging criteria
judges list application form
judges list
championship shows with breed classes – judges list
kc judges competency framework / judges education programme (breed shows)
breed appreciation days
kc breed standard
fci/country of origin breed standard


showing

club shows
lagotto romagnolo in the show ring


working

gundog

background
the lagotto as a gundog
gundog assessments, tests & trials
gundog achievements
gundog training
game fair attendances
gundog health/first aid


truffle searching

truffling training
truffling tests and trials




activities

agility
rally
kc obreedience
obedience
scent work
kennel club good citizen award scheme
canicross
heelwork to music
hoopers
dog parkour
therapy & assistance dogs
fun events & lagotto just having fun…


events

forthcoming events
calendar of events


merchandise
contacts
 



0£0.00



✕














 






 


























welcome to the lagotto romagnolo club of great britain
 


















founded in 1996 when the lagotto romagnolo was scarcely known outside of its native italy, the lrcgb is proud not only to have established the breed in the uk but also to have pioneered the introduction of lagotto worldwide.we strive to ensure the breeding of dogs true to type and sound in temperament and health, following a strict code of ethics to protect and – where possible – improve the health and genetic diversity of the lagotto. within our breed, we are recognised worldwide for having a strong history as leaders and supporters of genetic research.whilst respecting the traditional work of the lagotto as an ancient breed of duck retriever, we promote its role as a gundog – on land and in water – and honour its function as a specialised truffle dog. we show our dogs, and the breed’s versatility is further demonstrated by its involvement and success in many areas – agility, rally and obedience to name a few, added to which lagotto make an excellent family pet. please take a look through our website to find out more about the breed and about our club.we are here to support and help our owners, prospective owners and breeders by providing advice and guidance on all matters ‘lagotto’. we hope you will join us at our events throughout the year, and if you need further information or advice, or if you have any questions, please contact us – we’re here to help. 


























news and events 



our current and forthcoming events can be accessed by scrolling through the links below: 




















 a lagotto first!huge congratulations to truffalusa november moon from mizani (sage) handled by louise ferguson who received a certificate of merit at a field trial for any variety spaniels except english springers and cockers run by the working clumber spaniel society on 30 january 2025 out of 13 runners on the day (clumbers, spanish water dogs, sussex & lagotto), there was just one place awarded (1st) and two comscongratulations to louise and sage, and thank you for demonstrating the natural working abilities of our lovely breed 





 single breed open showsaturday, 26 octobercritique now added in our club shows section


 gundog working assessment tests (inc water) for av spaniels(excluding ess and cockers)saturday, 31 augustrogate, west sussexresults availablephotos now available 


thank you to everyone who helped man our breed stand at the game fair. we couldn’t have done it without you!congratulations to louise & sage who took part in jason mayhew’s gundog demonstration on fri & sat in the main ring, proudly demonstrating our breed’s abilities in a working environment.and congratulations to the lagotto team on their 2nd plade in the minority breed spaniel challenge, again showing the working abilities of our lagotto on land and in the water. 


 single breed open showsaturday, 8 june beckley, oxfordshireresults, critique & photosthanks to our judge, sergio scarpellini, and to everyone who helped on the daycongratulations to our winnersand well done to all of our exhibitors and their wonderful lagotto. we hope you enjoyed the day! 


crufts – congratulations!the committee of the lrcgb would like to congratulate the best of breed and reserve best of breedwinners from crufts, who were also awarded the first challenge certificates for our breed in the uk: bob: rozebottel’s love of my life (bred and owned by katrien van gemert)and rbob: rozebottel’s love at first sight (bred by katrien and owned by jorisa van lenthe) – pictured here with judge, espen engh [norway]


congratulations also to louise ferguson and truffalusa november moon from mizani (sage) who was placed 1st in the basc aov sporting spaniels class for working gundogs (dog) at crufts 2024, winning the sportsman game feeds trophy – a fantastic achievement a year after his sire, dario della caveja (dario) won the same class and trophy!


 working gundog certificate awardshuge congratulations! to louise ferguson,with dario della caveja (dario) and truffalusa november moon from mizani (sage) for achieving their kc working gundog certificates on dummies on 3 september  


























 club contacts
please contact any of our committee members
for help, guidance or advice

 find us on facebook


 privacy and cookie policy







                © 2018 the lagotto romagnolo club of great britain. all rights reserved.              









0£0.00

this website uses cookies to improve your experience. by continuing to use this website you are agreeing to our cookie policies. further information can be found here acceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 












































