



















prefabricated panelized home kits | pacific modern homes inc.






















































homeselect a design1 story homes 600 - 2,000 ft²1 story homes 2,000 - 4,500 ft²2 story homes 1,600 - 3,500 ft²cabins & chalets 600 - 2,000 ft²granny flats 600 - 1,200 ft²barns & garagesnewest planinformationpicturesbuilding kitspricescustom plansfeatured homeframing the american dreamcalifornia energy compliancefinancetop 4 reasons our customers build with usbuild your new home fastbetter framing, better pricebuild your custom homebuild the last home you'll ever need to buildhow to purchase manufactured kit homesdealersfind a dealerbecome a dealerdealer portalabout uscompany historyin the newscontact usblogvideos


	pacific modern homes, inc.







(800) 395-1011














build better. build faster. save money.















  (800) 395-1011 





select a design create your own design  



business opportunitybecome a dealer  learn more  









california's premier panelized kit home manufacturer
we specialize in helping individuals build their own kit home, barn or garage; faster and better while at the same time saving money. there are four parts to our building process; pre-engineered plans, panelized building kits, sources for construction financing and our professional network of licensed dealers who are there to help you through the complete building process.
pre-engineered kit home plans
we offer a large selection of pre-engineered custom kit homes from which to choose. these kit homes appeal to a wide range of design styles and sizes. since our kit homes are computer designed, this gives us the flexibility to change almost any design to meet your individual preferences. if you don’t see the kit home you’re looking for, you can create your own design.
panelized kit homes
our panelized kit homes will help you build your new home faster, better and at the same time saving money. our panelized building kits include high quality pre-framed and numbered walls sections and roof trusses. then we provide a diagram that shows where these numbered sections are placed on the foundation and roof system. to further speed the construction process, we factory install the windows and wall sheathing. our goal is to provide you with a building system that is of the highest quality and the fastest to build.
construction financing
when you are preparing to build a new kit home, one of your first steps in getting started is financing. pacific modern homes has one of the best owner builder financing programs available in today’s market. it allows you, the owner builder, the flexibility to do as much of the work in building your new kit home as you desire. you also have the option to choose a general contractor to assemble and finish your home package on your building site. pacific modern homes’ owner builder financing program includes fast, pre-qualified construction financing on approved credit, including land, home, and permits, with long-term mortgages up to thirty years at competitive rates.
licensed dealer
the dream of building your new project comes together with the experience and assistance of your licensed pmhi dealer. your local dealer is available to advise you from choosing your kit home, the building permit process and different financing options. your local dealer can also advise you as you select general contractors to complete the phases of construction that you choose not to do yourself. your local pmhi dealer is committed to the success of your building project.
 










need assistance? call 1-800-395-1011
or call your dealer
about us | select a plan | blog | contact us | financing |  pricing | privacy policy
accredited bbb business since 1971
joomla website design & maintenance by idl web inc  



homeselect a design1 story homes 600 - 2,000 ft²1 story homes 2,000 - 4,500 ft²2 story homes 1,600 - 3,500 ft²cabins & chalets 600 - 2,000 ft²granny flats 600 - 1,200 ft²barns & garagesnewest planinformationpicturesbuilding kitspricescustom plansfeatured homeframing the american dreamcalifornia energy compliancefinancetop 4 reasons our customers build with usbuild your new home fastbetter framing, better pricebuild your custom homebuild the last home you'll ever need to buildhow to purchase manufactured kit homesdealersfind a dealerbecome a dealerdealer portalabout uscompany historyin the newscontact usblogvideos



