


buy and sell new and used books | college textbooks cheap | collegebooksdirect.com
























your used textbook headquarters!
							buy used textbooks online!
online bookstore for college students to buy new and used textbooks for college
















view cart











checkout






						items in cart: 0

						sub total: 0
































































option 1: enter isbn's separated by a comma or one isbn per line and click go get my textbook.
	        

option 2: enter "isbn/quantity to order/maximum price" separated by a space and click 
	        	go get my textbook to autofill quantities and return titles that meet maximum price.
	        















 


 






































buying a textbook is easy! enter the 10 or the 13 digit isbn number of the textbook you wish to buy into the 
												    	search box above. click "go get my textbook" to view an instant price for 
												   		your new or used college textbooks.

thousands of students buy & sell textbooks online at collegebooksdirect.com.
same day shipping for your textbook order, unless otherwise noted.
annotated textbooks, instructor's edition textbooks, text only textbooks, new textbooks & used textbooks.
over 30,000 textbooks online.
largest selection of affordable used textbooks online.
easy textbook ordering for college students.











										 			unlike many other websites that sell college textbooks, collegebooksdirect.com only sells textbooks we currently have in stock. this means no false promises about fulfilling your order, unauthorized substitution of new for used or late notices informing you your 
													order will be shipped partially filled. the title(s) you order on our site is exactly what you'll receive. no surprises or switches. 93% of orders are processed in one business day. 100% of orders are processed with in two business days. this 
													means if you place an order by 2 p.m. cst, it will ship today! 




































serving college students with their new & used textbooks for over 30 years.


privacy policy / terms of use
© copyright collegebooksdirect.com. all rights reserved.































 