







hair salon in greenvale ny | hair styling & color | salonpop









































































516.626.7444



 book now








 
  


home
about us
new clients
team
services
products
gallery
hiring
 















































salon pop
where you’re more than just a number.
book an appointment















www.salonpop.com


visit us

wheatley plaza | greenvale, ny 11548
516.626.7444
www.salonpop.com



hours

8-4 (mondays & wednesdays)
10-6 (tuesdays)
8-8 (thursdays)
9-5 (fridays, saturdays, & sundays)

 


links


home
about us
team
services
 

products
gallery
hiring
new client
 



©2025 website created by caruso digital










×






laurie

                        owner 
master stylist/colorist

 

what year did you open salon pop? 2000
what was your original vision for salon pop? having a salon on long island with a cool, sophisticated “big” city vibe.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? precision cutting/ natural color.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? italian.
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? being with my husband and my two little min pins just relaxing.
name 6 things you can’t live without? lipstick, coffee, dinner parties, music, salon industry classes & traveling.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? nina simone, etta james, billie holiday, ruth brown & shirley bassey.
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? my staff... i always want to make things in the salon better for them.
what is your favorite season and why? fall... i love the smell of fresh air and love fall clothes!
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? connection with other human beings. ( i think we all need that)
 











×






jennifer

                        master colorist 
@jennifers_mane_attraction

 

what year did you join salon pop? 2007
why did you choose to work at salon pop? i met laurie through an industry rep, and we were like-minded. i was in the business for 15 years and liked that she was younger and we had the same values.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? being that i only color, i don’t have a favorite. i’ve been doing color for 25 years and i go the phases, now it’s a natural balayage.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? french
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? being active, hiking with friends reading, and being with my nephews.
name 6 things you can’t live without... my la mer skin products, kerastase products (i switch), coffee, family/friends, my cats(animals), music.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? classic / hard rock
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? an accomplished feeling of making the color look its best. (the challenge to keep it up)
what is your favorite season and why? summer- fewer clothes, warmth, beach, and warm nights.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? meeting cool people and building that rapport and trust with the greatest feeling when i start to explain a process and i get cut off with” jen i trust you do what you think is best”.
 











×






melissa

                        lead stylist/colorist
@styledbymelissas

what year did you join salon pop?  2000
why did you choose to work at salon pop? laurie and i had a previous working relationship and when she started salon pop i thought it would be a great opportunity to work with her again and enhance my career.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? i love being able to work with all hair types but styles from the 1940s-1970s are some of my favorites.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? vegetables
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? i spend most of my time with family but i enjoy reading, cooking, exercising, and shopping.
name 6 things you can’t live without…my family, coffee, curling iron, sunglasses, music, and just something so simple ... peace !!!
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? freestyle and classic rock.
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? for me, inspiration is found in so many ways. my daughter, fashion, art, books, people, and the quiet moments of just being alone with my thoughts.
what is your favorite season and why? summer. i love the warmer weather and longer days.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? all the people i get to interact and be creative with.
 











×






sara

                        senior stylist/colorist 
education team 
razor haircut + blonde specialist 
@saramarilynhair



what year did you join salon pop? 2013
why did you choose to work at salon pop? i love laurie’s vision for a positive space that is supportive and encouraging. from the moment i first walked through the door i felt that energy and my career has been an amazing journey since joining her team.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? my favorite hair to do is straight razor haircuts and hair lightening.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? sushi!
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? spending time with my husband and son (which includes dance parties in the kitchen lol). when the weather is nice i love biking, rollerblading, and walks on the long beach boardwalk. i also love cultural arts, specifically anything with theatre, singing, and performing.
name 6 things you can’t live without…my family & close friends, faith, coffee, gold jewelry, music, and self-care.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? i love to dance, so music by robyn, lizzo, and lady gaga are my jam! i also love alternative & indie bands.
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? people inspire me. i love to meet all different types of people and learn about each person's incredible ability we have as humans to evolve, connect and grow.
what is your favorite season? autumn. i love the warm colors and my birthday is also in the fall!
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? i love the ability i have to help someone discover a deeper sense of confidence and explore their self-expression by helping them wear a look that makes them shine. i also love teaching my guests how to style their hair and my role as an educator for members of our team!
 











×






megan 

                        senior stylist/colorist

 

education team
@meganlovescolor214

what year did you join salon pop? 2011
why did you choose to work at salon pop? i’d have to say the environment and the endless education opportunities. i’ve built some great relationships with some great people over the 10 yrs i’ve worked at pop.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? i love color, that’s where my passion is.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? pizza
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? when i’m not at work i spend most of my time with my dog bella. as most of my clients know she is my child!
name 6 things you can’t live without…bella, dunkin’ coffee, purple shampoo, working out with my trainer, massages, and the beach.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? country
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? i can honestly say my husband inspires me, he makes me want to be the best version of myself.
what is your favorite season and why? i love summer: being outside, the beach, and being tan.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? i love making people feel beautiful and happy. i’ve really gotten to know a lot of my clients and i love that i can be with them for all the moments of their life.
 











×






maria

                        senior stylist
@artistrybymariaing

what year did you join salon pop? september 2021
why did you choose to work at salon pop? it's a beautiful environment and the owner truly cares about her staff and salon
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? long hair, lived-in balayage, and special occasion styles
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? cheese
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? cooking, caring for my family and myself
name 6 things you can’t live without….the beach, shopping, family, perfume, watching documentaries, friends
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? 80's
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? my husband
what is your favorite season and why?  my favorite season is summer because of the warm weather, school vacation and endless fun!
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? my favorite part about being a hairdresser is doing what i love for a living and also touching someone's life in a beautiful way. i feel blessed every day that i followed my passion.
 











×






lauren b

                        designer stylist

 

education team
@thelaurenb

what year did you join salon pop? 2009
why did you choose to work at salon pop? in a way, i feel like i didn’t. i feel like salon pop chose me. it’s always felt like home.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? it’s not so much the hair but the style of the person. i love people who love texture and wearing their hair messy whether it be a pixie or a shag.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? probably pasta. all pasta.
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? i’m usually at the gym or upstate visiting my parents.
name 6 things you can’t live without…vegan food. my career. my family. my cats or animals in general. podcasts. tea. water.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? i’m a big 80s and hardcore fan. but i secretly love country as well.
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? my clients. i’ve seen a lot of my clients go through life-changing events such as cancer or for my lgbtq community their coming out. to be able to give my clients a sense of true self. that’s what really inspires me.
what is your favorite season and why? it’s a toss-up between summer and fall. summer because i love to be tan and i love the beach. but fall because well... i’m a fall baby!!!!
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? the journey for myself and my clients.
 











×






alexa 

                        advanced stylist/colorist

 

education team
@balayagewith_benefits

 

what year did you join salon pop? 2013
why did you choose to work at salon pop? i love the energy that the salon gives off and i knew this would be a place where i could grow as a person and as a stylist around people who inspire and encourage each other.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? i drool over a natural sun-kissed lived-in blonde and any textured haircut is my favorite!
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? tacos! they’re versatile with a choice of meat and toppings. and it can be served as breakfast also.
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? finding new breweries, taking road trips, feeding into my shopping addiction, doing a puzzle or a word search.
name 6 things you can’t live without…starbucks (coffee in general), music, my friends, my family, oribe texture spray, my car.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? i listen to pretty much everything besides country. but mostly alternative, indie, and rock of all eras.
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? seeing how my coworkers communicate with their clients and the beautiful work they create inspires me every day to be the best stylist i can possibly be. my coworkers and i have become one big family and laurie now has 30 children.
what is your favorite season and why? fall for sure! i love the whole aesthetic of fall. crisp chilly weather, pumpkin cream cold brew, pretty foliage, halloween.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? the connections i’m able to build with my clients. they start off as strangers and they become a huge part of my life and we share all of our milestones in our lives, good and bad. all while doing what makes them feel beautiful and gives them a boost of confidence.
 











×






kaitlyn 

                        advanced colorist 
foilyage specialist 
@balayagedbykp



what year did you join salon pop? 2013
why did you choose to work at salon pop? i wanted to work in a modern busy salon around other passionate hairdressers my age.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? color, specifically foilayge (balayage in a foil)
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? mexican food
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? online shopping, blogging, at the beach & home decorating.
name 6 things you can’t live without…my hubby, my cat rita, family, phone, target & lipstick.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? alternative
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? to be better each day & grow within myself.
what is your favorite season and why? tied between the summer and the fall. i love the summer and being outdoors but i also love the cozy feeling of fall.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? making people look and feel better than when they came in & building relationships with all different people!
 











×






michelle

                        advanced stylist 
@michellehairdesigner



what year did you join salon pop? 2018
why did you choose to work at salon pop? as soon as i walked into the salon i knew this is where i want to be. the salon has an amazing professional atmosphere and when i spoke to the owner, laurie, i could tell she loves her salon and staff.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? sunkissed color and bridal updos.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? tacos
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? hiking, roller skating, yoga, and going to the beach. in the winter months, i enjoy watching netflix, crafting, and knitting.
name 6 things you can’t live without…cats, the beach, friends/family, my heated blanket, music.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? i listen to a little bit of everything. mostly dance music and hip-hop.
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? it makes my day to see my clients smiling and happy.
what is your favorite season and why? summer is my favorite because i love the heat and relaxing by the pool.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? bringing positivity into my clients' day knowing i help them feel beautiful and confident.
 











×






ivette

                        advanced stylist

 

education team + kerastase ambassador
@finessed_by_ivette

 

what year did you join salon pop? 2016
why did you choose to work at salon pop? the education.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? color corrections. i love projects.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? any kind of french fries.
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? watching home design shows with my mom and judging what we would have done “better”.
name 6 things you can’t live without…my family, my friends, drag queens, 90-day fiancé, music, and google maps.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? reggaeton, bachata, salsa.
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? the condo with a view.
what is your favorite season and why? summer. i thrive in the sun.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? the personal connection with clients.
 











×






alyssa

                        creative stylist/colorist

 

education team + shu ueumura ambassador
@alyssasalonpop

 

what year did you join salon pop? i joined salon pop in september 2014.
why did you choose to work at salon pop? i immediately fell in love with salon pop based on the aesthetics and the warm welcome the first day i walked through the doors.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? i love all things hair, but my personal favorite is smoothing treatments- i love giving my clients hair that makes every day to day life easier while looking amazing at the same time.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? mexican!
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? i’m a huge foodie, so i love trying different restaurants with my boyfriend and friends.
name 6 things you can’t live without…iced coffee, lash extensions, my family, tacos, an awesome shoe collection, sunny days.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? my taste in music is super diverse but i couldn’t live without country!
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? every day i’m inspired by everyone i work with. working with some of the most passionate and talented stylists makes me want to continue to learn and grow each day i’m in the salon.
what is your favorite season and why? summer- i love the sun, tan skin, days by the pool, nights at outdoors restaurants!
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? my favorite part of being a hairdresser is meeting different people that walk through the door each day, i love seeing people leave feeling beautiful & confident.
 











×






kat

                        creative stylist/colorist
@beautybykato

what year did you join salon pop? i joined salon pop in 2017
why did you choose to work at salon pop? i chose to work at salon pop because i liked the structure and the flow of the salon.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? my favorite kind of hair to do is balayage/ highlighting brunettes
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? i would eat pasta for the rest of my life.
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? when i’m not at work i like to go to the gym, go shopping, cook and clean. ( i don’t know how to just relax)
name 6 things you can’t live without…six things i can’t with without is family, friends, my dogs, food, coffee and my car.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? i prefer to listen to hip hop and r&b.
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? my co-workers inspire me to do what i do every day. we have the most supportive team!
what is your favorite season and why? my favorite season is summer, love the warm weather, the beach and being tan.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? my favorite part of being a hairdresser is to be able to make people feel and look their best!
 











×






lucy

                        creative stylist/colorist
@hairbylucym

what year did you join salon pop? 2019
why did you choose to work at salon pop? after stalking salon pop instagram page i knew this was the place for me… luxury salon, education, teamwork, structure.
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? my favorite hair would be medium length and textured.
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? mediterranean food is my favorite.
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? usually spend my days off doing errands, exercising, dinner. in the summer- hiking, beach.
name 6 things you can’t live without…i can’t live without my cats, car, phone, coffee, family, and friends.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? rock
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? i absolutely am inspired my many things and many people. my coworkers, tons of hairdressers i follow on instagram. the number of video watches and podcasts i listen to inspire me.
what is your favorite season and why? summer, love the warm weather.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? making people feel beautiful.
 











×






stephanie

                        stylist / colorist

 

oribe ambassador

@stephanietbeauty

 

what year did you join salon pop?  2019
why did you choose to work at salon pop? for the positive work environment and the education!
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? i love doing fine hair. i have fine hair and i love to show people with fine hair that they can have volume!
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? mexican food!
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? i like hiking/camping with my boyfriend, reading, and making jewelry.
name 6 things you can’t live without...nail polish, chocolate, coffee, my phone, music, and my friends and family.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? i like indie, female singers/songwriters, pop-punk, oldies, jazz singers, and so much more!
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? the women around me in the salon are so inspirational and supportive.
what is your favorite season and why? fall! the colors are so beautiful, the temperature is perfect, and no mosquitos!
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? i love being able to do something creative every day and making people feel beautiful!
 











×






mindy 

                        stylist
@mindy_beauty



what year did you join salon pop? 2016
why did you choose to work at salon pop? the awesome atmosphere drew me in the amazing kind staff who turned into a family made me stay :)
what is your favorite kind of hair to do? it’s so hard to pick i really love all but long voluminous hair i can make into something sexy and a bombshell is
if you could only eat one type of food for the rest of your life, what would it be? pizza
when you’re not at work how do you choose to spend your time? out to eat pre covid. & spending time with family and friends.
name 6 things you can’t live without…my family, my cat, makeup, curling iron, food, and, my friends.
what kind of music do you prefer to listen to? relaxation music & upbeat feel-good music.
what (or who) inspires you to do what you do every day? my husband and mom.
what is your favorite season and why? summer, i love the freedom of running out without layers and a coat.
what is your favorite part of being a hairdresser? talking to people and helping them feel beautiful and loved :)
 











×






piera 

                        bio coming soon!                        











×






arlinda 

                        bio coming soon!                        











×






eva













×






 jayda 





























 




×



sign up



 













 







 










 
 

     








