


home - crane softwrights ltd.











1. services we provide
2. humanitarian work and aid in africa
3. blog
4. suggested reading


                  crane softwrights ltd. is a consultancy delivering
                  computer systems analysis and training services worldwide since april 1997. 
                  we focus primarily
                  in structured text processing related to the web-based extensible
                  markup language
                  (w3c xml)
                  family of recommendations and the
                  international standard generalized markup language
                  (sgml - iso 8879:1986)
                  family of standards.
                  we specialize in the structuring of and
                  processing of information, in particular training and deploying the use of 
                  the w3c
                  xsl/xsl-fo, 
                  xslt, 
                  xpath and
                  xquery
                  set of recommendations and oasis
                  universal business language (ubl) artefacts and systems for electronic commerce and transportation.
                  
               




board games by crane softwrights!

                                        the designs and wood laser cutter and printable paper versions of 
                                        a selection of family board games are freely-available in our public git repository here. enjoy!
                                      
                           








visitors looking for details regarding ken's travel and humanitarian work can find it here. the adventure continued june 2019 with a return to longido for another month.
                                      travel from 2020 through 2023 was cancelled, so looking forward to june 2024!









                                        as of july 2017 all books are available
                                        as free publications and the dvd-rom is no longer available
                                        (replaced by the streaming video with hands-on exercises).
                                        please consider making a donation (from the right margin
                                        of this screen) if you find the books are useful.
                                      










                        remember to check out all of the training and consulting services from the experts in the xml guild.  crane's g. ken holman is a long-time member.
                        
                     






                        crane softwrights ltd. is a founding member of the http://goubl.com commercial ecosystem for the support of ubl technology and ubl-based services and products.
                        
                        
                     






                        find crane softwrights ltd. on the tradeshift social business network.
                        
                     






                          crane developed pluralsight's xml syntax fundamentals course.
                        
                     



xslt/xpathhands-on only us$125


                        crane's practical transformation using xslt and xpath video was recorded as a dvd-rom. it is mounted for online streaming at 
                        the us-based udemy site.  the class offers five free hours of streaming video instruction, plus 19 hours of paid content covering our 5-day
                        in-depth hands-on comprehensive training class. for a 30% discount off the list price of us$180, please use the us$125 coupon price.
                        
                     


1. services we provide
top

                      starting back in july 2010 we have been cutting back on the services we provide.
                    
               

                      as of the end of 2014, in order to focus on volunteer work in standards committees, crane
                      softwrights ltd. no longer delivers or develops all of the books or training materials it has in the past.
                      the existing training materials remain available for us to use with
                      consulting clients, or for licensing by other
                      training organizations and individuals, please contact us for details.
                      a few training classes have recently been revived based on customer demand,
                      see our schedule for details.
                    
               

                      note that we may take on piecemeal consulting to help fund our volunteer
                      work, and we never say "never", but for all intents and purposes we are
                      content keeping a couple loyal clients serviced and happy (rather than
                      leaving them in the lurch).  we aren't really expecting to take on any new
                      big projects (but who knows what will catch our eye?  we don't!).
                    
               

                      it is our intention to develop and release more free developer tools in
                      concert with our volunteer work.  we've adopted the "donation business
                      model" to help fund this ... please click on the "donate" button in the right
                      margin to contribute.
                    
               

                      we also offer limited off-the-shelf services of well-defined popular tasks.
                    
               

                      we have a network of peers in the industry to whom we will send leads that
                      we decide we will not pursue ourselves.  please contact us if you think
                      we can help you.
                    
               
all four of crane's pdf book titles are now
                      available to download at no charge.  we no longer plan to publish any revisions to any of our books.  we hope that the
                  current editions have served our customers well.  we have shut down the http://books.cranesoftwrights.com web site.
               
2. humanitarian work and aid in africa
top

                      if you are considering supporting humanitarian aid work in africa, please
                      consider supporting project tembo
                      and, in particular, designating your donation to the work of the 
                      learning-in-longido community centre.  for canadian tax deductions, the
                      charity registration number is #856825872rr0001.
                    
               

more details here.

3. blog
top
mr. holman doesn't have a blog, but see the published essays he has announced on linkedin and on various social media. you can find ken on mastodon, facebook, and linkedin.
                  
               
4. suggested reading
top
who would have thought the interlinked web of information we use today,
                  and the problems and shortcomings of how we are obliged to use it today
                  by those who publish the information we need,
                  was prophetically described in july 1945 by vannevar bush in the article
                  titled as we may think?
                  this is a very interesting
                  article, not only for its prophecy, but for its recommendations.  to
                  paraphrase the editor's assessment of dr. bush's conclusion of the article:
                  "the perfection of instruments that give access to and command over the
                  inherited knowledge of the ages should be the first objective of our
                  scientists."
               
for the lighter side of sgml and xml,
                  joe english's not the comp.text.sgml faq
                  is a fun read, and i think that sean mcgrath is absolutely brilliant with his dexiderata and lord of the schemas: part 1 as the funniest collections of observations regarding the xml community and technology.
               
some of the articles/essays that have been published by crane are found through here on linkedin and through here on xml.com.
               
ken has also contributed (though only in a small part so far) 
                  to the collection of 
                     sgml/xml songs.
               
ken also designed, assembled and installed the tembo network in longido village, in tanzania, africa as a volunteer
                  humanitarian aid project helping an ottawa-based ngo.
               

                    here is some important 
                    awareness of male cancers information. 



 crane softwrights ltd.
 git repositories  resources rss xml 



please consider totowards ourfree resources.




home
free books
free resources
training
testimonials
g. ken holman
company & contact information
goubl.com
site map




+1 (613) 489-0999 (voice)info@cranesoftwrights.com




link traversal: this web site relies heavily on client-side redirection.  if certain links do not work for you, please ensure you have this
               behaviour enabled in your browser.
page navigation:
top 1. services we provide
2. humanitarian work and aid in africa
3. blog
4. suggested reading

site navigation:

home free books free resources training testimonials g. ken holman company & contact information goubl.com site map


small print:
               all use of this web site and all business conducted 
               with crane softwrights ltd. is subject to the legal disclaimers 
               detailed at 
               http://www.cranesoftwrights.com/legal
               ... please contact us if you have any questions.
               all trademarks, servicemarks, registered trademarks, and registered servicemarks are the property of their respective owners.
               
link legend: links that are
               marked with this dotted underline
               will open up a new browser window, otherwise the
               same browser window is used for the link 
               target. 

last changed: $date: 2025/02/15 22:02:04 $(utc) (privacy policy)

