




























 



 




 
   

 


		skip to content	
home
adopt a dog

adoption process
adoption application
adoptable dogs


success stories
donate
fostering with cdr
rehoming your dog
local services

dog boarding and daycare
dog training
groomers
pet photographers


contact us
about us



search for:


search

 



 

  
 






 

 

 

 

 

welcome!we are a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, fully volunteer organization based in the finger lakes region of central new york state. we are committed to our dogs' physical, social, and emotional well-being, and to finding them safe and happy homes! 

adoptour goal is to keep dogs out of shelters and find them forever, loving 
homes. we are not a shelter, all our dogs live in caring foster homes 
in the central ny region. if you are looking to adopt, check out our 
adoptable dogs today! 

fosterif you are looking to help save lives, but can't adopt, try fostering! it is such a rewarding process. like our adopted dogs, all of our foster homes have undergone a several-step process to ensure the safety of our dogs. 

donatewe are a 100% volunteer organization. every donation we receive is used entirely for the dogs. bonus: as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, your 
donation is fully tax-deductible! help us save lives -- donate today! 

we need your help!may 30, 2023
wonderful, dog-loving community…the pups of cayuga dog rescue really need your help.
donations have been significantly down since covid while veterinary costs have increased.  soon we will be unable to provide the critical veterinary care, food, and basic supplies that our dogs so desperately need. 



 601! dogs have been adopted since 2005  what we do: 
we rescue dogs from high-kill shelters, place them into loving local foster homes, and provide them with all needed veterinary care.  we love them, care for them, help them with any fears they might have, and lovingly teach them basic manners while we look for, and carefully assess, potential permanent adoptive homes.
we provide ongoing consultation and support to foster homes and permanent adopters for the life of the rescued dog.
we promote compassionate dog guardianship through our public education efforts.  

adoption process 

 




							interested in adopting a dog? check out our adoption process, online application, and adoption contract.							
						

learn more  





adopted! 

 




							see our success stories -- dogs that have found forever homes through us!							
						

learn more  





services 

 




							helpful dog-related services, like training and grooming, for the cny area.							
						

learn more  









cooperpupp





 quick facts: breed: german shepherd (sable) gender: male, neutered age: 4 years old size: 75 pounds good with… dogs? not so much, see cohabitation/my ideal home section below! cats? sorry, nope! kids? not little ones, too stressful for me! hi there! my name is cooper pupp, and i am an energetic, playful, and loving goofball who loves running and playing! history i made my journey from mount elgin, ontario, to the finger lakes in december 2020 and have been with my family ever since. i came from narnia kennels and am canadian kennel club (ckc) certified. my parents trained me themselves, and i picked up commands quickly. i have an extremely high ball-drive, and playing fetch is my absolute favorite activity! with my family, i am loving, affectionate, and always ready to play. i thrive on regular good exercise and mental stimulation. without it, i find it hard to relax.…
 continue reading




february 6, 2025

february 8, 2025adoptable  german shepherd, good with mature kids, large, male, neutered, no cats, no dogs, shepherd, young 


123›»


 
 

 









 




 supported in part by the triad foundation.








 
	powered by tempera &   wordpress.		
















