





 






family dentist mississauga on | family dental care mississauga














































































 



























skip to content



book an appointmentinstagram page opens in new windowfacebook page opens in new window


chagger dental
chagger dental provides dental services in the gta

about us servicesbonding cerec 3d children’s teeth cosmetic dentistry dental bridges dental crowns dental implants dentures services endodontics gum disease invisalign orthodontics porcelain veneers restorative dentistry root canal treatment sedation dentistry teeth whitening  locationsbrighton, ontario bristol circle, oakville, ontario burlington, ontario dundas, ontario mississauga, ontario don mills, ontario oak park, oakville, ontario petrolia, ontario steeles and weston, north york, ontario wyoming, ontario  gallery faq blog 



 
about us servicesbonding cerec 3d children’s teeth cosmetic dentistry dental bridges dental crowns dental implants dentures services endodontics gum disease invisalign orthodontics porcelain veneers restorative dentistry root canal treatment sedation dentistry teeth whitening  locationsbrighton, ontario bristol circle, oakville, ontario burlington, ontario dundas, ontario mississauga, ontario don mills, ontario oak park, oakville, ontario petrolia, ontario steeles and weston, north york, ontario wyoming, ontario  gallery faq blog 







book an appointment
fill out the form for dental appointments in mississauga.
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.first and last name *firstlastyour best email *phone number *detail message *captcha * 




=

 








=

 



press to send 
welcome to chagger dental mississauga
chagger dental is proud to serve residents of mississauga, ontario. our team started as a small office in oakville in 2006 and has since expanded to nine different practices, proudly serving patients across ontario.
 
mississauga, malton: 3427 derry rd east, suite #201 mississauga, on l4t 4h7
mississauga, erindale: 1528 dundas st w, mississauga, ontario l5c 1e4


tel: 905-672-2244











leave us a reviewyour trusted dentist mississauga: exceptional dental care tailored to you


your trusted dentist mississauga for exceptional oral care


chagger dental mississauga looks forward to welcoming you to our office. our team provides exceptional dental care in our warm and comforting offices. our team is comprised of great dental specialists, dental hygienists and dentist mississauga who are looking forward to meeting you.
the team at chagger dental is compassionate, knowledgeable, and has a passion for oral and overall health. we believe it is crucial that every team member personifies these values and works according to our philosophy: creating dental experiences which are catered to individual needs, providing relaxed and comfortable care using the best in dental technology. our team strives to earn your trust.


dentist mississauga: apprehensions about your initial dental appointment?


upon your first appointment, your dentist will provide you with a careful oral examination. the dentist mississauga will check for such things as gum disease, tooth decay and other oral issues that can affect your overall health. our dentistry team will discuss any treatments that will benefit you.
during this visit you might also receive a teeth cleaning, or a cleaning could be scheduled to occur during a follow-up visit. from beginning to end, the duration of your first appointment will be roughly 1 to 1 1/2 hours to ensure we can provide your smile with the attention it deserves.


services we provide





dental implants





cosmetic dentistry





porcelain veneers





teeth whitening





bonding





cerec 3d





sedation dentistry





restorations





dental crowns





dental bridges





dentures





gum disease





children's teeth





orthodontics





endodontics





invisalign





root canal treatment


are you worried about an upcoming dental procedure?


at chagger dental, we strongly believe in the overall well-being and health of our patients. we understand that patients might feel nervous or anxious about some procedures. to help our patients who are nervous at a dental office, we offer sedation dentistry.  this can range from laughing gas to almost being asleep. whatever your preference is we will ensure that we make your procedure as relaxed and comfortable as we can. as part of our overall mission to provide dental care within a relaxed and comfortable environment, our dental education tab offers various educational videos.


learn moreabout usdental emergencies


you may not expect a dental emergency to happen to you, especially if you are taking good care of your oral health. chagger dental mississauga is here to help you. when an unfortunate accident happens and you need to see a dentist, the staff at chagger dental works extended hours to help you when in need. unfortunately, you cannot predict when an accident will occur that would warrant a visit to a dental office for emergency treatment. if a tooth breaks or fractures, you are going to need to see a dentist mississauga to understand the options of repair or replacement.
another reason you may require emergency dental care is experiencing a sudden onset of pain. if your tooth hurts to the point you can not sleep or eat properly, you should see your dentist right away. an emergency visit will allow your dentist to determine if you have an infection by carefully examining your teeth and gums. the dentist in mississauga can determine the cause of pain and prescribe medication, or conduct emergency procedures if necessary.


contact info





3427 derry rd e, suite #201, mississauga, on l4t 4h7    


tel: 905-672-2244    


fax: 905-672-2869    


website: https://www.chaggerdental.com    


hours: in addition to our regular business hours, we offer extended evenings and weekend appointments.    





have any questions?contact usare you considering cosmetic dentistry?


a wide range of different options are offered by cosmetic dentistry for dentists and patients to explore together in order to create a beautiful smile that you will be proud for the whole world to see. cosmetic dentistry can range from basic procedures like teeth whitening to comprehensive smile makeovers using in/onlays or veneers. the following are cosmetic dentistry options that our chagger mississauga dentistry team can offer:

implants
bonding
veneers
crowns
bridges
onlays/inlays

visit our services tab for more detailed explanations of any of these viable options. your smile is essentially how you greet the world every day. with technology that continues to evolve, and a wide range of options that may be tailored to your individual needs, a beautiful, healthy smile can be obtained by patients of every age.


learn moretry clear aligner therapy (orthodontics) such as invisalign, suresmile or clearcorrect


chagger dental mississauga is happy to provide aligner therapy to straighten teeth. we offer invisalign, suresmile and clearcorrect rather than the metal and elastics of standard braces. aligner therapy uses a unique tray system to realign your teeth and a number of plastic aligners will be designed to carefully move your teeth from their current position, to a beautiful and straight smile. each aligner slowly moves your teeth to their perfect position. many of our mississauga patients appreciate the convenience and anonymity of clear trays. the trays are not only removable but they are also discreet in appearance, making it nearly impossible for other to detect! gone are the days of navigating food debris lodged in your braces, or dealing with a high-maintenance brushing schedule; trays are easy to wear, remove and clean. if you are fearful of long treatment plans, studies have shown that aligner therapy can lead to shorter time frames than traditional braces. the length of treatment is unique to each smile and is dependent on the hours of wear per day, as well as the extent of realignment required.


dental implants in mississauga: trustworthy and professional services at chagger dental


at chagger dental, we offer top-quality dental implant services in mississauga to help our patients restore their smiles and improve their oral health. our team of highly skilled dental professionals uses the latest technology and techniques to ensure a seamless and stress-free procedure.
we understand that the cost of dental implants can be a concern, but we strive to provide our patients with affordable options that fit their budget. when you choose chagger dental for your dental implant needs in mississauga, you can trust that you are in good hands. our friendly and knowledgeable staff will provide you with all the information you need to make an informed decision about your treatment. we pride ourselves on our commitment to professionalism, and we always put our patients’ comfort and convenience first. don’t let missing teeth hold you back – contact chagger dental today to schedule your dental implant consultation.





whether you have a dental emergency or have scheduled your first appointment, our caring chagger dental mississauga team is here to assist you. our smiles is how we greet the world; at chagger, we take great pride in helping make our world a friendlier place, one gorgeous smile at a time. get your appointment booked today.


book appointment today














					                                                                                              copyright © 2023 | chagger dental 
                

privacy policytel: 905-257-2221








go to top








































































