




the linden foundation











about

funding priorities
geographical focus


grants

type of funding
grant size
recent grants


to apply

application process
letters of inquiry
timetable
proposal guidelines
email submissions
grant requirements


forms

application cover sheet
grant report form


contact




  funding priorities
we envision families weathering the storms of life, nurturing and supporting each other while facing challenges.â  toward that vision, the linden foundation funds nonprofit organizations that strengthen families facing multiple hardships that affect their well-being.â â 

   our preference is to fund community-based organizations that offer comprehensive programs that build family resiliency, involve multiple family members, and provide sustained support.
                     


            the foundation has three funding strategies:

            1. family relationships: support entire families through programs that nurture,
            build, and strengthen family relationships. particular areas
            of interest include: 
            - educational programs that build mediation skills, parenting
            skills, relationship building skills, stress management skills, connections to a community of peers

            2. economic stability and mobility: help families increase economic stability and mobility through programs that make it feasible for family members to become and remain employed as well as move onto a career pathway that offers a living wage. 
            areas of interest include: 
            - workforce development / job training / entrepreneurial assistance

            - financial literacy and educationâ  
            - quality child care, when provided in conjunction with an educational
            program for parents. (note: stand alone child care programs are
            not eligible.) 

            3. housing opportunities: increase and preserve housing opportunitiesâ for families
            facing housing instability by providing: 
            - operating support for organizations that provide transitional
            housing, supportive housing with social services, and/or permanently
            affordable housing for very low income (below 30% of median income)

            - case management to find or sustain housing
        - emergency or short-term financial assistance to enable families to stay in existing housingâ 
direct client assistance: for all three funding strategies, a portion of the grant request, up to 25%, may include direct cash assistance to clients for food, medical care, transportation, housing, utilities, and other necessities to help families address unexpected challenges.


  eligibility and
            geographic focus
all applicants must be non-profit, 501(c)(3) organizations, generally serving communities in
                need of greater economic investment, in the following areas:

massachusetts: the north shore area, especially gloucester, lynn, and salem, and the
merrimack valley area, especially haverhill, methuen, lawrence and lowell.
new hampshire: the lakes region and northern new hampshire, the capital region, and greater
manchester.




