








bionix wallpaper desktop app
















































		skip to content










 







home

features

download 





home 







home

features

download 

 







 







main menu

 







home 







home

features

download 















features
download






bionix desktop wallpaper app
bionix desktop wallpaper app gives you full control over your background wallpaper. you can show a live wallpaper or a static one. bionix is the choice of millions of users all over the world and the winner of multiple awards. bionix software runs on windows and can be downloaded for free.






play a video, live or gif wallpaper on your desktop



cycle through your cool images



  create your own photo collage 



display awesome background animations






amazing desktop wallpaper app


bionix comes with several effects:

slideshow, 
photopile
clock directly on the computer desktop
matrix animation
rain drop
live wallpaper as animated gif wallpaper or animated video wallpaper

if you have multiple screens, you can set different effects on each. for example, on one screen you can display your images as a desktop photo pile, and on another screen, you can cycle through your images with the slideshow plugin.






sophisticated playlist editor


with the playlist editor, you can easily: 

create thematic playlists
filter unwanted images
sort wallpapers by file size/resolution/name/rating
rename or delete images directly from the playlist
photo edit your images (saturation, contrast, etc.)
etc

adding images to the playlist is as simple as drag & drop.






unique features for a desktop wallpaper app


bionix offers unique features:

an abundance of animated effects: matrix, rain drop, clock
automatic blending of the photo borders with the background
“lock-on folder” can monitor a folder and automatically update the playlist when new images are added to that folder.
‘day/night’ allows you to display a specific photo on your desktop based on your local time (for example sunrise wallpapers in the morning and sunset wallpapers in the evening).
displaying a specific image at a specific hour of the day
multi-monitor support: a different wallpaper display type can be set for each screen.

you can find a non-exhaustive list of amazing features here.






an wallpaper app an for businesses as well


bionix can also be used in the corporate environment:

in corporations, it can be used to show the corporate logo on all screens
in shop windows, it displays the products
in front desks to show a slide, presentation, or introduction to services offered by the company
it can show the details of the computer hardware over the wallpaper. therefore, the employees can easily communicate these details to the it department.
in offices, to show an event reminder to all employees (‘meeting at 3 pm’)







safe for your computer


bionix background changer doesn’t require additional software/modules (dotnet, java, internet explorer, service packs, codecs, etc) to run. it does not install crapware on your computer. you can put it together with your background wallpapers on a usb stick and give it to your friends/customers.




get bionix for free now




download
contact us












 










bionix desktop wallpaper app is registered to heracle biosoft srl.
 











 scroll to top









