














home | hyspecs hydraulics nz






































































        hyspecs hydraulics nz
    

 {{nc.amount}}

ask our tech





ask our tech
join our team








services


products


case studies


news


contact








call 0508 497 732 24/7
 {{nc.amount}}
how stuff works

nz
/
aus




join our team










                        one-stop shop for design, manufacture, service, install & commission of hydraulic, electric & automation systems
                    



come to us or we'll come to you, anywhere in new zealand - talk with an expert engineer now.
contact us











                            services
                        

more services













                                            hydraulic system design, manufacture, installation & commission 
                                        

                                            full turnkey hydraulic system services. hyspecs can take your idea and turn it into reality. from concept to design to manufacture  and installation.
                                        


read more









                                            automation & controls
                                        

                                            industrial automation at its highest level. the hyspecs automation and controls department offers over 40 years of experience in industrial automation and complete turnkey solutions.
                                        


read more









                                            hyspecs electrical department
                                        

                                            the electrical department has a range of electronic controls that are designed specifically for the rigors of hydraulic and off highway applications.
                                        


read more









                                            hydraulic manifolds
                                        

                                            hyspecs manufactures standard and custom aluminium and steel hydraulic manifolds.
                                        


read more



















                            products
                        

product categories
brands











                                    hyspecs standard power packs
                                









                                    eaton char-lynn motors 2k
                                









                                    galtech q25 & q45 manual valves
                                









                                    comer planetary drives
                                












                            case studies
                        

more case studies











                                    wairau stream pedestrian bridge
                                

                                    hyspecs worked with local construction companies and auckland city council to provide the hydraulics for the lifting bridge.
                                


read full story









                                    pukekohe wastewater upgrade
                                

                                    as part of the pukekohe wastewater upgrade hyspecs supplied hydraulic powerunits, local control panels and interconnecting pipework to three sets of pinch valve trains.
                                


read full story









                                    film industry hydraulics
                                

                                    hyspecs has been contracted by a number of special effects companies to supply hydraulics for their motion bases and other dynamic motion rigs.
                                


read full story












                            news
                        

more news











                                    beat the heat - use emmegi hydraulic oil coolers
                                
monday, december 9, 2024 9:00 am — hyspecs hydraulics


read article









                                    hyspecs christmas holiday hours
                                
monday, december 9, 2024 10:25 am — hyspecs hydraulics


read article












call us 24/7 on 0508 497 732







have a technical question
ask







                sign up to hydrafile email - receive free six essential maintenance routines.
            





subscribe




                you have successfully subscribed to our mailing list
            










downloads

hyspecs nz cartridge catalogue 2017.pdf





follow us




















contact
terms of use & trade
about us
privacy
careers


© 2025 hyspecs hydraulics nz. site by bka








nzfpa founding member








you need javascript to run this site. please enable javascript in your internet options.


