






home - kensington-stobart gallery



























































 


























phone: 617-320-5904


enter the gallery

artistspaintingsprintsdrawingsdvdsbooks and catalogsprice list
about

blog
cart 



contact us


kensington stobart gallery

            the kensington-stobart gallery specializes in paintings and limited-edition prints by the preeminent maritime artist john stobart.        







artists




 

                            john stobart                        





prints for sale 




view all prints





































































×


john stobart has launched his own youtube channel, on which you’ll find his amazing worldscapes video series that first aired on pbs.
when a senior artist learned of my starting out on my painting journey, he loaned me his vhs copies of the series. i bought a vcr just to watch it, and i’m glad i did. it is everything many of us imagine as we’re putting together the artistic life we want.
please visit the channel, watch, re-watch, and learn as john shares his knowledge and process.
share the channel with your students and colleagues, and enjoy seeing one of our greatest living masters at work.
visit john stobart’s youtube channel
and for all you youtube cool-cats out there, don’t forget to smash that “subscribe” button once you’re there!
enjoy!















                            kensington-stobart gallery 
                            242 causeway street
                            medfield, ma 02052
                        
telephone: 617-320-5904








the kensington-stobart gallery does not provide a buyback option for its artworks, meaning that once purchased, pieces cannot be returned or repurchased. this policy emphasizes the gallery's commitment to preserving the integrity and value of the artworks, particularly those by celebrated maritime artist john stobart, known for their artistic and historical significance.




					© 2025 copyright kensington-stobart gallery. website designed and developed by sperling interactive.
				











enter the gallery▼artistspaintingsprintsdrawingsdvdsbooks and catalogsprice listabout▼blogcart 
phone: 617-320-5904 


 










