






boy scout troop 35 – wheaton, illinois – serving youth since 1923 – affiliated with gary united methodist church








































































skip to content


menu



boy scout troop 35 – wheaton, illinois

home
about

meetings
troop philosophy
eagle scouts
scoutmasters


for parents

forms & policies
advancement
camping & activities
troop communications
troop finances
uniform & gear guide


annual fundraiser
calendar
contact
 






										
											wheaton troop 35										
									

																					serving youth since 1923 – affiliated with gary united methodist church
										
									










experience

troop 35 is one of the area's longest-running scouts bsa troops, with a rich history spanning over 100 years with gary church.






leadership

troop 35 is proudly youth-led, empowering scouts to shape our adventures and community endeavors with enthusiasm and teamwork.








adventure

troop 35 is active year-round, with monthly campouts offering opportunities such as hiking, biking, rock climbing, canoeing, and skiing.













 



klondike derby 2025 – no snow? no problem!


      february 4, 2025    
              

          scouts enjoyed testing their scout skills at the annual klondike derby at cantigny park. even without snow it was still a great time!...
        





 



camping is better with sprechers and harleys


      january 30, 2025    
              

          january’s campout was at camp sol r. crown in wisconsin. scouts sampled sodas at the sprecher brewery and worked on the engineering merit badge at the harley-davidson museum. ...
        





 



november is turkey (run) month!


      november 14, 2024    
              

          troop 35 headed to cary camp this past weekend and enjoyed the outdoors by hiking around turkey run state park....
        





 



trunk or treat at gary church


      october 31, 2024    
              

          troop 35 scouts passed out skele-tons of candy at gary church’s annual trunk or treat....
        





 



camping at pratt wayne woods


      september 24, 2024    
              

          troop 35 camped at pratt wayne woods this past weekend. scouts enjoyed the outdoors by biking, cooking, and working on scout skills....
        





 



fall 2024 court of honor


      september 3, 2024    
              

          in august we held our court of honor to celebrate the rank advancements and merit badge achievements of our scouts. congratulations scouts!...
        





 



wreath sales 2024


      august 21, 2024    
              

          beautiful christmas greenery awaits! wreaths, door swags, garland, baskets and more. order online by october 22nd, and a scout will deliver to your door the week of thanksgiving. if you don’t live in the area, there are also items that can be shipped to you. your purchase supports troop...
        





 



adventure through boundary waters


      august 5, 2024    
              

          troop 35’s adventure through boundary waters was an opportunity for scouts to push their limits, test their outdoor skills, and forge lasting bonds with their fellow troop members. they paddled through serene waterways, hiked through dense forests, and experienced the tranquility and beauty of the wilderness. the boundary waters...
        





 



gardening at gary church


      july 24, 2024    
              

          troop 35 helped spread mulch around the gardens at gary church this past monday....
        





 



boundary waters, here we come!


      july 19, 2024    
              

          troop 35 is headed north to boundary waters for a week-long canoeing adventure. it’s not the destination, it’s the journey that counts!...
        



posts navigation

 older posts







wreath sales are closedthank you for supporting troop 35! sales for 2024 are now closed. if you have any questions or would like to be added to the list for next year, contact us at wreaths@wheatontroop35.org.




 activities

campouts

court of honor

eagle scouts

high adventure

recruiting

scout skills

scoutmaster minute

tesomas summer camp

troop history

troop meetings

volunteering

wreath sales

searchsearch 

 





							© 2025 boy scout troop 35 – wheaton, illinois	

		 | theme by  superbthemes









 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website














































