



 

home page - oshkosh area humane society










































































































 




















 
920-424-2128





 
info@oahs.org














facebook-f
 



instagram
 



youtube
 



tiktok
 















 










menuaboutmeet the teamboard of directorsnewsemploymentsave rate reportshistorytestimonialsadoptdogscatssmall animalsall available animalsplanet purrrk clubcommunity petshappy tailsvolunteerfostercat foster applicationdog foster applicationsmall animal foster applicationlost/foundlost dog reportlost cat reportfound dog reportfound cat reportis my pet at oahs?reclamationservicessurrender/rehome a petvaccine/microchip clinicscat nail trims/capsrabbit/guinea pig nail trimspet food pantrytrap-neuter-vaccinate-returneducational programs/toursspay/neuter resourcesothereventsdonatecontact close



 

















connecting our community 



compassion in action 











compassion for happy pets & healthy communities 











at oshkosh area humane society, we provide life-saving, compassionate care and safe shelter to homeless animals in need, and supportive services to community members who need assistance, keeping pets and people happy and healthy together. 











available animals 









 
dogs











 
cats











 
small animals











 
community pets

















visit us 



1925 shelter court, oshkosh, wi 54901  directionspublic visiting hours: tuesday/thursday/friday 1-6pm and saturday 11am-3pm*due to space and staff constraints, a scheduled appointment is required to meet the dogs.did you find a stray? do you need to redeem your animal? please call our caregiving department at 920-424-2128 ext. 114 to make an appointment.questions? please reach out to us at 920-424-2128 or info@oahs.org. we look forward to meeting you!  
















 








keep the spirit of love flowing throughout the month of february. make a donation in honor of a beloved pet or person by february 28th, and your gift will be matched, up to $10,000! every gift will be honored with a paper heart, with your loved one’s name on it, hung up at the shelter!make your gift today and discover the difference love can make–and that wishes can come true. 






donate to continue the love



















you can help our longest-waiting & most-in-need pets! 








 




we’ve created posters of our longest-waiting pets that can be printed and put up in community locations – if you would like to help, please download them (they are pdfs) and ask if you can post at your workplace, church or favorite restaurant or store. every glance is a chance that someone might fall in love! 






download posters











we have quite a few pets who have been waiting a long time, or who are particularly stressed at the shelter, who could really use your help!if you’re open to adoption or fostering, please consider one of the following pets. see their bios, pics and videos here:dogs at the shelter who really need a foster or adopter• nova• smokey• kevindogs in foster care who really need an adopter• london – waiting 27+ months • prada – waiting 23+ months • iggy mae – waiting 7+ months• elsie – waiting 6+ months – see her new video here!• zeus – waiting 6+ months• sassy susannah – waiting 5+ monthscats• molly mittens – waiting 6+ months (at shelter)• sasparilla – waiting 5+ months (at shelter)bunnies• merino – waiting 7+ months (in foster care)• cashmere – waiting 7+ months (in foster care) 






view long-term adoptables























memorial & tribute wall plaques 



our new memorial & tribute wall is now on display at the shelter – and you can purchase your own permanent memorial or tribute plaque to add to the wall, in honor of a special loved one or pet!plaques are available in one of 5 formats: • purple heart (honoring a person/people)• green dog (honoring a beloved pup/pups or person who loved them)• orange cat (honoring a beloved kitty/kitties or person who loved them)• yellow small animal (honoring a beloved small friend or person who loved them)• blue pawprints (honoring multiple pets)each new 5”x7” plaque is constructed of a thick, durable pvc material that will last for many years. memorial plaques are available for a donation of $250 each and orders are placed on a monthly basis. 








 







order your plaque here



















impact in 2024 








pets helped 

0












pets adopted 

0












pets reunited  

0












pets served at clinics 

0


























 
 

lost or found a pet?submit a report so we can help reunite pets with their guardians 












 
 

need to rehome a pet?we can help you discuss the best options for you and your pet 












 
 

low-cost clinicsfor cat and dog vaccinations and microchips 
















 
 

pet food pantryoffering excess pet food to those who need it 












 
 

cat nail trims/capsno-cost cat nail trims or nail cap application by appointment 












 
 

tnvr programsterilizing feral cats through trap-neuter-vaccinate-return 





























how to help 



we rely heavily on the kindness and generosity of our donors, volunteersand other supporters  to serve themore than 2,600 animals who comethrough our doors each year.please help us continue to save the lives of homeless pets and help people in need in our community. together, we can ensure that pets and people stayhappy and healthy together. 










 


spread the wordlike, comment and share our posts on facebook, instagram, youtube and tiktok 








care 


become a volunteervolunteers are the heart of our organization - be the difference for the homeless pets in our care! 








 


make a donationsupport our life-saving work to help homeless pets and people in our community 












get involved




























 








cat fosters needed! 



can we have a slumber pawty?! we have kittens who need a place to crash for a few weeks…will you help?

we have mamas with babies, as well as groups of 2+ kittens, who need fosters. it is so much better for little kittens with their developing immune systems to be cared for in a loving foster home vs. being exposed to all the noise, germs, commotion and stress of the shelter.


 


please help us help these little ones! to inquire about fostering, please visit our foster page or contact nikita@oahs.org.
 















lost or found a pet? 










lost dog report














lost cat report














found dog report














found cat report











oahs partners with petco love lost to make reuniting lost pets easier using image recognition technology to search a national lost and found database. click here to search and report your lost pet. 








 









 
















wish lists  








 









 









 




























featured pet: prada 




 




to inquire about meeting prada, please contact the dog team at (920) 424-2128 or dog@oahs.org! complete a dog adoption application here 







prada is still waiting for someone to love her! this adorable, affectionate girl loves people! she is playful, silly and sweet!– loving girl who loves to snuggle especially if you’re sitting in a recliner or on a couch– very well behaved in the house (she’s currently in foster care)– sleeps through the night– not startled by loud noises; rarely barks– does not beg; does not chew on anything other than her toys– loves being outside– knows basic commands– housetrained– with treats she’ll become your best friend quickly– would do best as an only pet in a quiet, low-activity home with children ages teen+– 3 years old, 53 lbs, spayed, vaccinated & microchipped she has so much love to share, please give prada a chance! 






view prada's bio and pics
































 








tours & educational presentations 



we offer tours and educational presentations to a variety of school and community groups, both on-site and at your location. to inquire about setting up a tour or presentation, please contact cheryl@oahs.org. we look forward to seeing you! more details here 















thank you supporters 
















 









 
















 













 

















 









 









 










 




 





 



1925 shelter courtoshkosh, wi 54901920-424-2128 / info@oahs.org
hours:tues/thurs/fri: 1pm-6pmsaturday 11am-3pmdog visits by appointment 













facebook-f
 



instagram
 



youtube
 



tiktok
 











 












 












 












 








wish lists 




 












 












 












 















sign up for e-news! 








 











oshkosh area humane society (oahs) is 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.  donations may be tax deductibe.  taxid# 39-1709813; license #267325  © 2024 oshkosh area humane society. all rights reserved. to view this site in another language, go to translate.google.com, click "websites" and enter "www.oahs.org." 










donor privacy policy




oahs privacy policy




oahs social media policy




contact














  
 
































