



national centre for laser applications - university of galway











 
 
 
 
 
 
 








 








jump to content  
           jump to side navigation bar





university of galway








search










menu








courses


undergraduate coursespostgraduate taught coursesprofessional, part-time and evening coursesphds and research mastersonline coursesmicro-credentialshow to applyfees & fundingmodes of studyopen daysscholarships






courses

                                                    choosing a course is one of the most important decisions you'll ever make! view our courses and see what our students and lecturers have to say about the courses you are interested in at the links below.
                                                

view courses







university life


accommodation advisory servicecampus activitiesstudent supportstudy abroadglobal galwaymature studentsstudents with disabilitiesstudent ambassador programmefor parents and guardiansaccess student informationlife in galway






university life

                                                    each year more than 4,000 choose university of galway as their university of choice. find out what life at university of galway is all about here.
                                                

read about life at university of galway







about university of galway


news & eventsstrategy 2020-2025jobspresscois coiribe (publication)contact usuniversity leadershipsustainabilitygift shopopen daymedtechjourney






about university of galway

                                                    since 1845, university of galway has been sharing the highest quality teaching and research with ireland and the world. find out what makes our university so special – from our distinguished history to the latest news and campus developments.
                                                

about university of galway







colleges & schools


adult learning and professional developmentcollege of arts, social sciences, & celtic studiescollege of business, public policy and lawcollege of medicine, nursing & health sciencescollege of science and engineering






colleges & schools

                                                    university of galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching across a range of key areas of expertise.
                                                

colleges and schools







research & innovation


research areaspeoplefacilitiesresearch officeinnovation officeresearcher development centreresearch community portalresearch centres, institutes, and units






research & innovation

                                                    university of galway’s vibrant research community take on some of the most pressing challenges of our times.
                                                

overview







business & industry


innovation officecareer development centre (for employers)business innovation centreconference & event centre






guiding breakthrough research at university of galway

                                                    we explore and facilitate commercial opportunities for the research community at university of galway, as well as facilitating industry partnership.
                                                

overview







alumni & friends


latest newsalumni servicesalumni awardscois coiribe follow our social channelsupdate your detailsreunionsupcoming alumni eventsprevious alumni events






alumni & friends

                                                    there are 128,000 university of galway alumni worldwide. stay connected to your alumni community! join our social networks and update your details online.
                                                

overview







community engagement


about engagementlearning with communitycommunity partnershipsoutreachresearch with communitiesuniversity of sanctuary






community engagement

                                                    at university of galway, we believe that the best learning takes place when you apply what you learn in a real world context. that's why many of our courses include work placements or community projects.
                                                

real learning













gateway pages


prospective students


current students


visitors


ollscoil na gaillimhe






quicklinks


ollscoil na gaillimhe


library


accessibility & language


students & staff


students

registration
canvas
office 365 (email)
student registry helpdesk
fees & grants
exams
exam timetables
library
academic skills hub
student services
parking
student volunteering
students' union



staff

office 365 (email)
financial system (agresso)
academic records
research community portal
human resources
academic terms dates
celt
information solutions & services (it services)
buildings & estates
service desk




students
staff
colleges & schools



















home
▻
 
 
research sites▻national centre for laser applications 

national centre for laser applications













expand all

 
about the nclancla newsprojectspublicationstraining & educationapplication videoslaser linkscontact us 











 




welcome
welcome to the national centre for laser applications (ncla), located within physics: school of natural sciences at the university of galway. our primary focus is on laser materials processing, and we are committed to advancing research in this field. explore our center, where our dedicated team and state-of-the-art technology work together to explore the diverse applications of lasers in materials science and engineering."



college sections







current research
read about our current research projects


current research







about
learn about the ncla


about







news
see latest news


news






follow ncla on linkedin and youtube   ‌





 
 
 





















manage cookies

allow university of galway to use cookies for:

functionality:   
your preferences:   
analytics:   
ads: 
allow all
allow none
allow selected


some features need cookies to work properly. cookies also let us (a) remember your preferences, (b) collect anonymous usage statistics, and (c) see how well our online ads are working.
no personal data is stored on these cookies but, under eu law, we still need to ask you this every 6 months.
to learn more about our use of cookies, view our privacy policy.


 






about university of galway

                  founded in 1845, we've been inspiring students for over 175 years. university of galway has earned international recognition as a research-led university with a commitment to top quality teaching.









contact

					university of galway,
					university road,
					galway, ireland
h91 tk33
					t.  +353 91 524411
				

get directions
send us an email





connect

twitter
instagram
facebook
youtube
linkedin
rss


















© 2023 university of galway. all rights
 reserved. server university of galway is a registered charity. rcn 20002107







disclaimer


privacy & cookies


copyright


contact & enquiries


accessibility














 



 