















gordon county, ga | official website









 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in













    government      departments      services      community  


 

 

 

 





 










   





 
 












search







 
 
 












 














agendas & minutes








employment








online payments










 
 














maps & taxes








permits








citizen requests










 
 
 

























 














news & updates


stay up to date with your county
 






  
 
 















gordon county goes to court to recover cost of cleaning up toxic waste dumped by chemical and carpet 


calhoun, ga (january 23, 2025) - gordon county filed a lawsuit in state court to protect the public's health and taxpayers from the cost of cleaning up and properly disposing of toxic materials used by chemical and carpet manufacturers and dumped in th...						read on...







ema and local churches meet to prepare for emergencies 


on thursday, january 16, 2025, gordon county emergency management met with several local churches and community organizations to discuss potential emergency needs of the community.  while gordon county and the city of calhoun's public safety department...						read on...







carolyn fuller honored for her service 


for 20 years, carolyn fuller dedicated herself to gordon county's democratic process. as a member of the gordon county board of elections and registration, she served five consecutive terms from january 2005 through december 2024. appointed by the gordon						read on...







comcast broadband update 


this will be a landing page for the comcast broadband project.  please note that this is an ongoing project and information is subject to change. if you have any questions and / or concerns, please contact the county administrator's office at 706-629-3795						read on...







view all




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 





 







public notices








public notice logic and accuracy testing city of fairmount election 

in accordance with georgia election code 21-2-379.25, notice is hereby given that the logic and accuracy testing and preparation of the voting and tabulation equipment to be used in the march 18, 2025, city of fairmount special election will begin at				read on...





view all public notices




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 



  
 





 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







201 north wall streetcalhoun, ga 30701po box 580calhoun, ga 30703 phone: 706-629-3795e-verify: 47365 july 13, 2007non-discrimination ada informationcviog information
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







archive center



court & trial information



current bids and rfps



sign up for emergency notifications



staff directory









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



contact us



accessibility



copyright notices



privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 








 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close



















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









