



motorcycle frames custom made for honda, harley davidson,























homeframeshard tail sectionsall things fxrpartsthings we dogalleryorder & inquiry formslinkscontactfaqsfun stuff/apparrel/acc.









  10070 s 4422 rd.  locust grove, oklahoma  74352-6136
         phone: 918-479-4200 email: sales@cycleonemanufacturing.com google map now on facebook 

please accept our apologies if you are experiencing difficulty reaching us via telephone. please
         try sending an email.at least 37 us states are experiencing call transfer difficulties with rural landline
         customers throughout the us.if your call will not go through, rings and there is no answer, message manager does not pick the
         call up, or if your call is answered and is dropped immediately afterwards, your call has been affected.   the
         fcc is aware of these difficulties, but apparently there is not a fix in the near future, it seems to be related to discount
         ld suppliers contracted by various phone service providers.thank you for your patience and understanding.sincerely,kate 












motorcycle frames in rigid or softail, all custom made
         to your specifications.  hard tail sections, along with do it yourself (dyi) builder parts. anything and everything you
         need to build your 2 or 3 wheel dream from the ground up! dare to dream with the cycle one team!cycle
         one manufacturing llc is a unique dynamic custom motorcycle frame manufacturing company based in the us midwest. our specialty is fabricating custom motorcycle frames and hard
         tails for many makes and models including,harley davidson
         big twin, sportster & buell, honda, yamaha, suzuki, kawasaki, and triumph. let cycle one manufacturing llc provide you a custom motorcycle frame  or hard tail section that will give
         you "a truly unique and personal custom look" for your next motorcycle project!our experienced staff at cycle one, are very resourceful in many aspects of the
         custom motorcycle and frame industries. we are always willing to go that extra mile! at cycle one we take great pride
         in our quality workmanship, personal customer service and support. we look forward to you giving us the opportunity to earn your business. all cycle
         one custom motorcycle frames come shipped to you complete with :neck stamped identification
         # with a mso (manufactures certificate of origin) and with invoice as per custom motorcycle registration requirements.
         engine and transmission mounts.*note - harley davidson big twin only, include forward
         control mounts mig welds - tig available at additional costtubing -1 1/8" .120 wall - 1018 dom
         & 1 1/2" .125 wall neck gusset  -  standard, tri-star - 11 guage laser cut - optional tube style
         or gooseneck availableaxle plates - standard pointed - 1/2" plate laser cut,  and slotted for 3/4"
         axles optional hd vintage style and hidden axle blocks in 1", 20mm also available see "custom add ons"precision bends - and each piece custom fit neck – select one neck size from a choice of four
         – honda 1969-1978, harley early sportster 7/8, sportser & buell 1" diam. 7" length,harley big twin
         1” stem 5" length using external cups  choice of rake in degrees choice of backbone stretch
         in inches and either straight or curved configuration - rolled curved for powdercoat or chrome finish additional, see
         "custom add ons" choice of downtube/s stretch in inches and style, dual or single and configuration straight or curved - rolled curved
         for powdercoat or chrome finish additional, see "custom add ons"custom motorcycle frame construction is regulated by the strict quality control processes implemented by
         cycle one manufacturing llc. ensuring the finest quality and workmanship in all of our custom motorcycle frames, hard tails sections and other frame/motorcycle related products. each custom frame/hard tail section is shipped out with the slushing oil from the mill process still on the tubing.
         this allows the customer to finish the motorcycle frame by their choice of method and means.  the most obvious reason
         is that what you see is what you get, all the frame welds are visible. giving you the customer the ability to appreciate
         the craftsmanship.  not having to worry about what might be underneath the coating/grinding/sanding, as it is all visible!dedicated
         to the  motorcycle community,sincerely, the staff at cycle one









 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 













sign up for our email newsletter the "cycle
         one custom quarterly"






























 




cycle one manufacturing can supply you with that truly custom frame you have always wanted, as well as help you with
                     any of the parts and pieces you may want to incorporate into your build.cycle one manufacturing is an
                     authorized dealer for:british cycle supplycustom chromecoker tires chicadixie international dnafranks engineering jeri's springers  kustomwerks  kuryakynmidwest mcmid usamac performancenhj powersportspaughcos & s performancetucker rocky - bikers choice/street/atv/etc.v-twin mfg. productswurth distributorsand many others, see our parts page for more listings














homeframeshard tail sectionsall things fxrpartsthings we dogalleryorder & inquiry formslinkscontactfaqsfun stuff/apparrel/acc.





cycle one manufacturing llc  sales@cycleonemanufacturing.com  918-479-4200







