


official website | caagri





official website | caagri | 























the center for african american genealogical research, inc.











 


home
genealogy tips

nicknames
census
churches
courthouses
vitals
cemeteries
 on becoming the united states
genealogy 101
what's in a name, really?


contact

speaking & book signings
media


services
donate





 











the first peoples
 
the history of africans in the western world usually begins with a story of enslavement but time and space being what it is, we know there are other truths to the stories we have been told. 






african dna
 
since 2007, caagri has been at the forefront of collecting dna samples from the motherland to assist the diaspora with finding their lost relatives, scientifically.
 







the diaspora
 
contrary to what it is we think we know, the african diaspora exists in every industrialized nation. diaspora means to scratter widely. 'dia' means through, in different directions, between. 'spora' comes from the root word, "sparse" and it means to scatter, sow, spread.            

 










reclaiming our time
 
on november 16, 2024 @ 11:00 am,   families from the historic mosby court community will have their family genealogy and dna results revealed immediately followed by the wedding to honor the marriages of the ancestors. you won't want to miss this free and open to the public event held at the martin luther king, jr. middle school. bring your family and friends.
continue reading












how to...
research the diaspora





databases

access to sources of information can be costly. we have compiled a list of free online databases to help you on your journey.





books to read

credible sources are essential to understanding the global public policies that affect people of african descent. distinguishing between bias and conspiracy takes some work, but there is a sea of responsible scholars who have studied and written about the diaspora over the last 50 years.





writing

writing your personal family story or writing about new information you have discovered while tracing your family history is vital to ensuring the story is never forgotten. we've put together a short guide to help you begin writing the story of your lifetime.



















years dislocated


 

million victims


 

identities reclaimed




stories told









what makes us the same, makes us different
cultural zones



seeing sameness
in the americas, african-descended people perform the same or modified traditions without knowing how we came to know these rites. theories of enslavement were created to disassociate ancient practices amongst the kidnapped to discourage a longing for home. in africa. where we came from. each african kingdom had its customs, language, and history, so knowing those unique characteristics gives clues to where we came from.
continue reading























expand your
knowledge base





 achron


remember their names
 a small tribute to honor the memory and legacy of early pioneers who may not have been as notable as others whose names are well known.
read more






 achron


maps
tracing the diaspora requires maps. this resource discusses the idea of mapping and provides free resources and tools for you to add to your research project.
read more






 achron


unclaimed property
do you know if your state has money in the bank with your name on it? check here for more information on how to reclaim your money!
read more







































copyright â© 2004 - all rights reserved :: the center for african american genealogical research, inc.








