







pcos awareness association
































































































cart
















0
















              home
            

about pcos


              resources
            

              shop teal
            



take action


              events
            

            blog
          

        log in
      





back


              overview
            

              diagnosis
            

              treatments
            

            pcos glossary
          

            pcos infographs
          



back


              donate
            

              the pcos directory
            

            man of teal
          

            ambassador application
          

            volunteer application
          

            partnership
          

            sponsorship
          






























































































cart
















0











home
about pcos

overview
diagnosis
treatments
pcos glossary
pcos infographs

resourcesshop teal












take action

donate
the pcos directory
man of teal
ambassador application
volunteer application
partnership
sponsorship

eventsbloglog in









scroll


















become part of the cysterhood and receive support from fellow women who are going through similar experiences. gain the much-needed support and understanding of polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos).

 


    get info
  




    get connected
  




    get answers
  




    get involved
  



 











who am i 



a spoken word poem dedicated to the pcos awareness associationdirector & lyrics - jordan simmondsactress - rosie jeremiahvideography - navin daniel



 



































poly-cys-tic ovar-i-an syn-drome
a variable disorder that is marked especially by amenorrhea, hirsutism, obesity, infertility, and ovarian enlargement and is usually initiated by an elevated level of luteinizing hormone, androgen, or estrogen which results in an abnormal cycle of gonadotropin release by the pituitary gland —abbreviation pcos — called also polycystic ovary disease, polycystic ovary syndrome, polycystic ovary disease, stein-leventhal syndrome.
































our mission
at the pcos awareness association, we aim to increase global awareness of polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos) and help those diagnosed with this condition. we are a dynamic non-profit organization that strives to break down barriers and provide educational services through our dedicated volunteers. we aim to support those affected by pcos and increase understanding of the condition's complexities. our resources and educational programs empower people with knowledge to take charge of their well-being and combat the health complications associated with this disorder. join us in our crusade to raise awareness of pcos and improve the lives of those affected by it.














































awareness
our mission at the pcos awareness association is to raise global awareness of polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos) and assist those diagnosed with this condition. as a non-profit organization, we strive to break down barriers and offer educational services with the help of our dedicated volunteers. our primary goal is to support individuals affected by pcos and increase awareness of its complexities. we aim to empower people with the knowledge needed to take charge of their well-being and combat the health complications associated with this disorder through our educational programs and resources. join us in our mission to raise awareness of pcos and improve the lives of those affected by this condition. we are committed to making a difference and positively impacting the global community.






















get the facts
pcos information















get support
pcos community















find a pcos specialist
search the database





how to donate

 













#ipledgeteal















monthly giving















amazon smile















donate gift cards

 






the pcos awareness association network

































































 

"pcos affects over 7 million people. that's more than the number of people diagnosed with breast cancer, rheumatoid arthritis, multiple sclerosis, and lupus combined."-louise chang, md

 








join the cysterhood
sign up to stay up to date on events, the latest research, special information and to be a part of the pcos awareness association community.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





by signing up for the cysterhood you agree to receive emails from pcos awareness association. we never share or sell your information with any of our partners or any other organization/company.
thank you!





 
































 

































































 








welcome to pcosaa



who am i - a spoken word poem dedicated to pcos awareness association



poly-cys-tic



mission



awareness



donate buttons



the pcosaa network



quote



newsletter sign up



slideshow



sponsors & partners





































































our corporate sponsors









































 




pcos awareness association is registered as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.contributions to pcos awareness association are tax-deductible to the extent permitted by law.pcos awareness association's tax identification number is ein #46-1182190.





pcos awareness association
2215 plank road #234,
fredericksburg, va, 22401,
united states
206-856-3729
info@pcosaa.org


hours




about us
our story
board and committee application
press





web design by asc











