







the troxel company




































































































            home
          

            about
          

            welded steel tubing
          

            secondary cutting
          

            tube fabrication
          

            automotive industry
          

            aluminized tubing
          



            certifications
          

            contact
          

















































homeaboutwelded steel tubingsecondary cuttingtube fabricationautomotive industryaluminized tubing







welded steel tubing & value-added services




certificationscontact









the products you need. the service you expect.  








 

troxel offers the best value and quality for a full array of welded steel tubing and fabricated components, including:mill length tubingcut to length tubingfabricated tubular componentsaluminized steel tubingtubing for automotive applicationsassembled goods or components, roll forms, and stampingsadd troxel's unparalleled customer focus to the package and you cannot find a better value anywhere - truly a perfect fit for anyone who needs welded steel tubing.the lowest conversion cost in the industrythe quality of troxel tubing is well known throughout the industry, but it is its dedication to innovation that keeps troxel on top. this enables troxel to achieve the lowest conversion cost in the industry.more than customer service













customer focustroxel's account management team provides the best customer service in the industry. each customer is assigned an inside account manager to champion its interests at troxel, and to serve as the key liaison between troxel's manufacturing groups and the customer's purchasing, logistics, engineering, quality, and product development functions.superior qualityusing the latest techniques and equipment, including an extensive metallurgical lab and a state-of-the-art brown and sharp coordinate measuring machine, troxel assures that materials and parts are produced within specifications - every time. its iatf 16949:2016,dqs and iso 9001:2015,dqs registrations are testament to its dedication to quality.



lean manufacturingin its effort to achieve world class status and to compete effectively in the global marketplace, troxel relentlessly pursues the elimination of waste in all areas of its operations.geographic locationtroxel is ideally located near memphis, tennessee, one of the largest centers for distribution in the u.s.



to learn more about our capabilities, pricing and fulfillment options, contact us online or call 901-877-6875.looking for other welded steel tubing, aluminized tubing or value-added services like cutting, tool and die development, assembly and fabrication? troxel is a full-service tubing company! browse our site or contact us today for a free, no-obligation consultation.

   








call 901-877-6875 or contact us today to learn more about the troxel company.phone 901-877-6875  •  fax 901-877-343911495 hwy. 57   •   p.o. box 276moscow, tn 38057-0276
























