


vision technology consulting sdn bhd


















 









 


 
 
****javascript based drop down dhtml menu generated by navstudio. (opencube inc. - http://www.opencube.com)****


 








 


company news & events 


corporate events 


 

 





 enterprise solution 



vision technology consulting (vtc) provides services which can help global and local companies to reduce their cost and improve efficiency via its product offering, vtcsourcing™ 
                      which includes outsourcing 
                      services for enterprise software solutions (crm, erp) such as siebel, sap and oracle around the asia pacific region. vtc's professionals have 
                    extensive experience in offshore and onsite development projects. vtc have developed an onsite,offshore development and 
                    maintenance models so that our clients can take advantage of our 
                    model to minimize their maintenance and development cost. 


if 
                        your company is looking for an offshore 
                          development/support  center for your enterprise software, please contact 
                            us for further information to discuss the full 
                        potential of cost savings.  























mobile solution 


these days, mobile devices can do more than just make phone calls. it not only provides businesses with customer relationship, marketing and advertising opportunities, at the same time also provide consumers with entertainment any where and any time.
                explore the full potential of the device that you carry all the time 
                with the latest mobile java 
                  applications developed by forwen. 
all mobile software can be downloaded by anyone around the world

       
                                
		


dhtml web menu by opencube 























web design by vision   technology consulting .last updated:27 jan 2017
copyright © 2017 vision   technology consulting sdn bhd. all rights reserved.




