



recruiting software with applicant tracking for staffing and executive search with resume database - home page






















































atsrecruiter


                                            the ultimate suite of recruiting tools for professional recruiters
                                        
 live demo


































00:00 -
                                                            02:49























blackdog's


hosted or saas with mobile access

using our hosting service to run your gopher provides an ultra-secure environment and automatic minute to minute backups.
contact us














blackdog's


gopher companion

presents the innovate apps to manage your clients and applicants on the go.




contact us





















company profile

                            a generational software development company since 1980, we pioneered home computing the power of linking data and social networking for the recruiting industry and are now pioneering products being delivered on any device anywhere and on any platform with expertise in dot net, xamarin, saas, droid/iphone apps and the newest frontier of blockchains and smart contracts.


                        
about us












blackdog products for recruiters







gopher cloud hosted
this product runs via an internet connection but without the security risks of a web server
view more







gopher companion
an iphone or andorid app connecting your recruiting database to your mobile phone
view more







gopher ats
using the latest technology to produce lighten fast access to huge recruiting databases accessible from any device
view more



















gropher desktop
recruitment software must save time for the recruiter! any extra clicks to search or see more information is stealing money from the recruiter and the staffing firm. gopher's desktop is designed to show a recruiter what is needed to quickly link candidates to clients and track the results.












gropher hosting
what is hosting? hosting by blackdog is using your computer and internet connection to access computer services that run on remote servers. on the surface, hosting appears much like any other program accessed but it is cloud based with all the security, backup and reliability that come with cloud based solutions.












services

                                        blackdog offers a complete range of computing services ranging from recruiting or staffing software, software development solutions based on dot net, mobile apps and staffing augmentation for software development.

                                    










clients feedback











i have been in the recruitment industry for over 23 years. over that time i have used many different recruitment software systems. gopher is the most intuitive, consistent and complete solution on the market today. blackdog's staff has always gone above and beyond to make sure the solutions fit our needs. i would recommend blackdog and gopher recruitment software without hesitation!"

michael hakeem











"i am a customer of blackdog and the service that they have provided me have always been excellent. i would recommend gopher to any of my associates for thier recruiting needs." 

steffin kutzman











"gopher is magic. blackdog has been the best and most innovative in the recruiting software business. i have used their products for the past 20 years and compared to other recruiting software gopher has always kept a step ahead of the recruiting software industry. i have tried many recruiting products but none compare."

frank goudaillier








our clients

























gopher companion
new way to connect  with clients and applicants on the move..



available  now on app store & play store

contact us




















