





hillcrest foods | cleveland | local food distributor
































































 about us
 tools
 solutions & services 



 hf iq +
 myhf























your account 




customer portal - myhf new!

place order old

view / pay
                        invoice old
find my truck
rewards
feedback
























grateful
for local.


                      become a customer  
                      




                      join our team  
                      



















optimize your operation
our resources and people dedicated to transforming your operation. sharpen your skills with tips
              from our experts











service & support




eat local ohio




menu management




culinary innovation & products
                  




your growth & success
                  

























delivering beautifully curated local food content directly at your fingertips.



 



book a free elo shoot























the best podcast for owners, chefs, and restaurant professionals. take your
              operation to the next level.





restauranttopia focuses on all things related to restaurant management and operations
              from hosts david ross, brian seitz, and chef anthony hamilton. we feature interviews and restaurant
              success stories, along with insights on cost control, marketing, management and personnel issues. tune
              in for marketing ideas and tactics from restaurant business experts, gathered from lessons and data from
              restaurants around the us.


listen now










why hillcrest?
partner with a local distributor that is committed to your success.



as one of the largest family-owned independent distributors in the
                  state,
                  commitment to name brand ingredients, personalized customer service
                  relationships, and on-time deliveries form the core of our service. 



















our values




love
love the customer and always be there for them. utilize all our resources to help independent restaurants.




time
invest all our time in helping the customer be the best they can be.
                       




passion
we nurture a strong passion for local. sustainable savings and increasing dollars for our local community is our #1 goal.








our values




knowledge

provide forward thinking insights and impactful data that will improve decision making for our local partners.















































































































































let's connect
follow us on social media and be part of our local movement. 



















 





















































our trucks drive over 1.5 million miles a year and visit our local
                    independent restaurant partners over 7,000 times a month. we provide livelihood for hundreds of
                    families right here in northeast ohio.  built on love. driven by gratitude. join us on our
                    local mission. 





our family of companies.




 


 















our locations.



office address: 2735 e. 40th street - cleveland
                          oh 44115  get directions 


warehouse & will call address 2699 e. 51st
                          street cleveland, ohio 44104  get directions 

















©    hillcrest foodservice all rights reserved 




























































