



 









cabin & cottage rentals at mountain joy cottages in maggie valley, nc.












































































menu





 
 



















 



home
all cabins
studio
2 br
3+ br
contact
about
faq
maggie valley info
photo gallery
video
 













 
 
 
 







welcome to mountain joy cottages!
once you have visited our maggie valley cabin rentals at mountain joy cottages, you’ll become enchanted with its mountain charm, family atmosphere, and character. this land was originally the homestead of maggie setzer; who is the namesake of maggie valley, nc. become immersed in the beauty and history of this area from your own private mountain cottage or cabin.
our maggie valley cabins and the land that mountain joy cottages sits on is a special place in the smoky mountains. our cabin rentals offer all of the modern conveniences you would expect with a year-round access and a seclusion that very few can offer. relax in our peaceful country park like setting, surrounded by  panoramic mountain views, with streams and ponds in your front yard. mountain joy cottages feature amenities such as wood burning fireplaces, wi-fi, cable tv, picnic tables, porch swings and rocking chairs, central heat and air conditioning, and fully equipped kitchens. just remember to bring your favorite recipes!
enjoy our large glass enclosed seasonal pool area. look forward to relaxing on your private front porch or a swing for two in the two acre meadow. try a game of horseshoes while your children play happily in our playground or if fishing is up your stream, fish for dinner or for sport in our stocked trout pond right outside your front door. our individual one to five bedroom smoky mountain cottages are available to you year round. enjoy a romantic getaway for 2 in our new romance cottages complete with a wood burning fireplace and a jacuzzi tub in suite.



contact us today



				full name: 
				please enter a name



				email: 
				please enter an email



				phone: 
				please enter a phone number


get in touch
 



				you're contact has been received. we'll be in touch soon.			




				something went wrong, feel free to refresh and try again or e-mail directly to 				design@andrewplyler.com			















view our cabins




 



												cabin 1 “maggie’s place”											

mountain joy cottage #1, maggie’s place, is named for our dear sweet maggie and is decorated in maggie’s traditional colors of red, green and gold adding whimsical signs and an old country feel. 2 bedrooms (2 queen), 1 bathroom (sleeps maximum of 4). enjoy the peaceful country setting of our cottages. we have studio, two,…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 2 “wolf”											

mountain joy cottage #2, wolf cottage, is named for the magnificent wolf of the wild. this cottage is adorned in the grays and blues with everything wolf. 2 bedrooms (queen, 2x twin), 1 bathroom (sleeps maximum of 4). enjoy the peaceful country setting of our cottages. we have studio, two, and three to five bedroom…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 3 “owl”											

5 bedrooms, 4 1/2 bathrooms (sleeps maximum of 12). large 55 inch flat screen. 2 tvs in bedrooms. 2 kings 2 queens 2 xl twins and a pull out sofa. small game room with foosball and portable air hockey. enjoy the peaceful country setting of our cottages. we have one, two and four bedroom cottages…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 4 “wildlife cabin”											

2 queens and 4 twins, set up as 2 bunk beds. 3 bedroom 2 bath with washer/dryer and fireplace, sleeps 10. 2 story with upper and lower level porch. sleeper couch in living room. large dining table. great back porch with beautiful view of historic ghost town chair lift. enjoy the peaceful country setting of…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 5 “stars & stripes”											

mountain joy cottage #5, stars and stripes, is named for the rich southern heritage that it has experienced in its years. another of our historic cottages, this four bedroom was built in the early 1800’s and was used as a confederate army hospital in atlanta, ga. it was later moved to mountain joy cottages sometime…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 6 “bait & tackle”											

mountain joy cottage #6, bait and tackle, is named and adorned for the fisherman at heart. our trout coffee table was the motivation behind this delightfully alluring cottage. dark green walls and amusing enhancements make you feel as though you are in the woods near your favorite stream or pond. 2 bedrooms (1x king, 1x…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 7 “fox”											

mountain joy cottage #7, fox cottage is named for the infamously sly fox that frequent our area wilderness in the nearby great smokey mountain national forest as well as pisgah national forest. enjoy the vibrant orange and gold hues as well as the beautiful artistry in this unique and adorable cottage. 2 bedroom (king/queen), 1…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 8 “little bear”											

mountain joy cottage #8, little bear, was built in the early 1840’s and was the medford residence of the iron duff/crabtree area and was moved to its current location in the early 1950’s. this cottage has exposed log interior walls that gives it a unique appeal. this cottage has interesting details that we have added…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 9 “log house”											

3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms. 2 queen beds, 2 twin beds (sleeps maximum of 6). large flat screen tv.  enjoy the peaceful country setting of our cottages. we have one, two and four bedroom cottages all equipped with wood burning fireplaces, cable tv, internet and kitchens ready to cook a home made meal. outside the porches…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 10 “big bear”											

mountain joy cottage #10 is decorated in a bear theme. this romance studio cottage has 1 king bed, bathroom and also has a jacuzzi tub. sleeps 2 (and 1 child up to 4yo). studio 1 bathroom. enjoy the peaceful country setting of our cottages. we have studio, two, and three to five bedroom cottages all…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 11 “antlers”											

mountain joy cottage #11 is decorated in an antler theme. this romance studio cottage has 1 king bed, bathroom and also has a jacuzzi tub. sleeps 2 (and 1 child up to 4yo). studio 1 bathroom. enjoy the peaceful country setting of our cottages. we have studio, two, and three to five bedroom cottages all…  read more »
view more



 



												cabin 12 “feathered friends”											

this studio style cottage is a special treat for couples. this romance studio cottage has 1 king bed, bathroom and also has a jacuzzi tub. sleeps 2 (and 1 child up to 4yo), 1 bed (king), 1 bathroom. enjoy the peaceful country setting of our cottages. we have studio, two, and three to five bedroom…  read more »
view more

























what guests are saying about mountain joy cottages


 

onçe again we had a great time at mountain joy! in our last night we even had a visit of a family of deers, that closed our visit with a golden key! the grandkids just loved the tube world, in walking distance from us. from the coziness of our nights by the fireplace to our…  read more »


										- marcia drummond										



read more














booking through carolina vacations
contact us mountain joy cottages
121 setzer cove road
maggie valley, north carolina 28751

follow us on social media 











								©2016 mountain joy cottages.								
							














