







ed bok lee







































        
          
            ed bok lee
          
        
      




















































            home
          

            about
          

              books
            

            events/photos
          



              other work
            

              reviews
            

            contact
          












































































homeaboutbooksevents/photos





                
                  
                    ed bok lee
                  
                
              




other workreviewscontact

















photo by diver van avery





water in love how to love like water loves                when it’s impossible to even taste all the ghostly sediments                      each time you take a sipimpossible to savor     the salt in your bloodthe light and island shorelinesin each living cell     when even the plainest mouthful tastes more of you than you of itsweetest of absences that frees in wave after wave debris of thought like the dead, the drowned, the vanished, and yetsails your lips on a voyage toward another’s, plyingall luck and regretworship, splash, guzzle, or forgetit clears any differencestone washer and mountain dissolver that willoutlive us, even the memory ofall any eyes touchedwasp and cactus in a desertcomet through outer spacesleep among all the cloud-shepherds’ childrena love so perpetually current it doesn’t care that you lovewithout even knowing you lovewhat you couldn’t survivethree days without how to love like that: wild dream-sparkler and inmost virtuoso  of every snowflakewise, ebullient, and generous as the rain deepest of miracles for a time borrowing and replenishing a self overflowing with fate. (“water in love” originally published in hayden’s ferry review)











“there is a nomadic beauty to ed bok lee’s whorled, which pulses with raw political anger and vital lyricism.” —the guardian“this is lee's third book of poetry, and it's epic in scope, exploring everything from our cellular history to ancestral memory to the future of the human soul.” —all things considered“his poems carry them with monumental gentleness. . . a reverential force,” —los angeles review of books“. . . ed bok lee, whose insightful, exacting poems reflect the intimate ways globalization is transforming our culture and our lives.” —new york times “this sweeping vision of human and environmental justice informs ed bok lee’s writing. . .he disrupts conventional language about native or nonnative species, attending to plantain and clover, sometimes called invasives, often called weeds, and also considers how a word such as ‘weed’ has been used to describe people of color. . .”—the missouri review“lee’s poems about massacres, hate crimes and ptsd radiate with ‘a deeper belief in the brightness of human souls…’”—star tribune 




“winner of an american book award and a pen/open book award, lee strikes a dizzying balance between the organic and the cosmic, the intimate and mythological. in these poems, time collapses to address historic events that influence the now and the yet-to-come. ”

— publishers weekly 



for asian american heritage and history month: ”super insensitive species”  ”if in america” "the secret to life in america" (excerpt), full poem originally published in real karaoke people history k﻿, a play about a south korean sex worker prepares for her last night of work before retiring due to old age.  premiered at the playwrights centereye for one, a one-act play about black and korean american relations, originally published as e.e. bok  in writing away here: a korean/american anthology, korea society press










about • books • events • contact











































