











pby grand canyon – grand canyon community association






















glamdea








skip to content







 
pby grand canyon
grand canyon community association

 

search for:


search





menu




primary menu
home
notice from presbytery
lenten study
rental services
pentecost offering
presbytery mission
contact us
 












how to find the best limousine rental service in phoenix :
there are many phoenix limo service options, but you may wonder what the best one is. whether you’re looking for a limo for an important event or just need a comfortable ride to the airport, there are several different ways continue reading   how to find the best limousine rental service in phoenix→

 




your mission dollars at work in our presbytery :
as our churches are facing uncommon challenges during this time of a pandemic, it is of the upmost importance that we share our financial gifts the lord has blessed us with. our presbytery donates money from our mission budget every continue reading   your mission dollars at work in our presbytery→

 
 




 


cancellation of services- notice from presbytery

posted on january 8, 2022  by  hannah fernandez 


effectively immediately the leadership team in grand canyon and the leadership commission in de cristo are recommending cancellation of worship services, fellowship meetings, and all other groups of 10 or more people, consistent with the medical advice from the cdc and arizona department of health. our initial recommendation is to cancel gatherings through april 5, and the leadership team/commission will meet weekly to provide further recommendations on a week by week basis.
although church operated schools and childcare centers are not part of a local school district, we recommend that the local church or preschool/childcare board follow the local school district and state guidelines for public schools and close your church’s school or childcare if your school district has announced closures.

this action is taken in response to the administration’s declaration of a national emergency, the world health organization’s declaration of a global pandemic, and the cdc’s recommended steps that require all persons to take steps that will “flatten the curve” for the spread of covid-19. as followers of jesus called to love our neighbor as ourselves, it is time to join together for the common good.
we are aware the disruption of ordinary rhythms creates social, pastoral and financial challenges. therefore, the leadership team/commission in both presbyteries has approved the following actions:we are offering one-year, interest free loans to churches in need of help covering their payroll.we will pay for one-year zoom subscription for churches who cannot afford it, in order to encourage continuation of a congregation’s ability to meet virtually.we will sponsor weekly zoom meetings for pastors to provide ministry updates and serve as a discussion forum for how best to serve our congregations. all active pastors will be sent an invite, and if ruling elders or retired pastors desire to participate
all actions taken that require signatures for final processing and forwarding to other councils will be signed by the stated clerk for all individuals indicated on those forms. this will remain in force until action is taken to transfer authority back to customary signatory.
we do not wish to overwhelm anyone with communication, so we are trying to be judicious. however, please do not hesitate to contact either of us if you need assistance.



posted in default 




2020 lenten study

posted on january 8, 2022  by  hannah fernandez 


the christian faith is a communal practice; no one can be an island for we belong to each other. the christian faith is a family, a holy nation, a royal priesthood, a unified body made of many parts, a temple—the dwelling place of god—consisting of many bricks. all of these images are plural, for the christian faith speaks of “all y’all” rather than merely about you and me. nowhere is this more needed than during lent, for when we journey to the cross it is, by definition, a perilous journey.

our beloved dies from a disease that takes many thousands.our church struggles to discover ways to connect to the neighborhood at-hand.our addiction is more powerful than our will and self-preservation, and we do not know where to turn.
any one of these might cause us stress, perhaps even overwhelm us. if we start adding burden upon burden, we are plunged into the darkness. lent is the reminder that we need each other to journey into the darkness and through the darkness to the light of the rising son. we should not—cannot—journey to the cross alone, and, blessedly, we are not asked to. indeed, the good news is we are not allowed to.



posted in default 




how to find the best limousine rental service in phoenix

posted on january 8, 2022  by  hannah fernandez 


there are many phoenix limo service options, but you may wonder what the best one is. whether you’re looking for a limo for an important event or just need a comfortable ride to the airport, there are several different ways to find the perfect one. here are some of the factors to keep in mind when choosing your transportation. if you’re going to a music concert or sporting event, you’ll want to book a luxury limousine.
if you’re traveling for work or pleasure, a scottsdale limo service is a great choice for your needs. arizona sedan and limousine service, for example, claims to have some of the newest limousines in the industry. their fleet includes stretch limousines, charter buses, and a few other types of vehicles. they have the latest technology, fiber optics, and light shows, and plenty of space for seating.
a phoenix limo service can provide everything you need for a romantic evening

 they will provide the flowers and champagne for the couple, and they can make sure that you have an incredible night. moreover, they can provide you with a safe ride to the airport in style. a professional limo service will also pick you up from the airport in a stylish vehicle that will make your date feel like royalty. a luxurious limousine is the perfect way to impress your loved one.
a scottsdale limo service can accommodate up to eight passengers. the company provides various limo models to choose from. some of them have party buses, large suv limos, multiple stretch limousines, and smaller sedans. you can even book your rental online with price 4 limo. the pricing for a limo service can vary widely, so it’s important to shop around. a scottsdale a luxury e-car service will likely have the best prices.
a phoenix limo service can be the ideal choice for a special event

 it’s the perfect way to make a special day even more memorable. with comfortable and stylish limos, you can sit back, relax, and enjoy the moment. it’s the perfect way to get to know the area. the company can help you make reservations for restaurants and other venues. besides offering reliable transportation, they also offer special events for a special day. you can also hire a limo service to the grand canyon and sedona.
the best limo service in phoenix can offer more than just comfortable limos. whether you’re planning a corporate event or a wedding, a phoenix limo service will make sure you’re in the right place at the right time. you’ll be able to relax and enjoy the day in a luxurious, air-conditioned limo, while your chauffeur will take care of all the details.



posted in default 




children at risk and the pentecost offering

posted on january 8, 2022  by  hannah fernandez 


what are adverse childhood experiences? aces are childhood traumas that occur between the ages of 0-17 years. included among many traumas are financial stress, deep abiding poverty, homelessness, abuse, neglect, alcohol or substance abuse in the home, witnessing violence, or having a family member die from suicide. adverse experiences for children put them at risk for lifelong health effects, according to a report from the cdc. preventing aces can help children and adults thrive, and has the potential to substantially lower the risk for conditions like asthma, cancer, depression and diabetes.
using data from a survey of more than 144,000 adults in 25 states, a study found that about 60% of adults experienced at least one adverse experience during childhood, and 15.6% experienced four or more different types. women, native americans, and african americans have the highest risk of four or more childhood traumas. the more aces people experience, the higher their risks throughout life for chronic disease and mental health problems, dropping out of school, teen pregnancy, and maintaining employment. the total economic and social cost to families, communities, and society is in the hundreds of billions of dollars a year.
opportunities for action

your congregation can use its portion of the pentecost offering to support strategies that prevent adverse childhood experiences. these strategies are explained fully in the cdc suite of technical packages on their website www.cdc.gov in addition, as you read through these strategies, individual presbyterians may find ways to become involved. the prevention tools include:
strengthen economic supports to familiespromote social norms that protect against violence and adversityensure a strong start for childrenteach skillsconnect youth to caring adults and activitiesintervene to lessen immediate and long-term harms\
one agency that always is looking for volunteers (post-covid19) and donations, is child crisis arizona, a 501c(3) charity.



posted in default 




your mission dollars at work in our presbytery

posted on january 8, 2022  by  hannah fernandez 


as our churches are facing uncommon challenges during this time of a pandemic, it is of the upmost importance that we share our financial gifts the lord has blessed us with.
our presbytery donates money from our mission budget every year to the presbyterian disaster assistance (pda).
several of our churches and worshiping communities have been hit hard during this pandemic. with your mission dollars, the pda, in turn has recently funded grants to 18 churches and 4 chapels in our presbytery.
the pda grants have helped the leadership of our congregations lessen the impact of a stressful environment that our members are facing. the pda has been with the churches in the beginning and during this pandemic, offering guidance and training of safe practices and as we begin to open our churches.
the pda provides humanitarian relief for families and children at the u.s./mexico border. it helps to support presbyterian congregations as they minister to god’s children.

money is not the only thing our churches need at this moment. this pandemic has increased the number of families and individuals facing hard times, and the ability to provide for their families. especially for our brothers and sisters on the navajo nation. in april and may of this year your gifts supported our response to the covid-19 that hit their community hard. with a big help from valley presbyterian church, many of our churches were able to donate food, bottled water, disinfectants and other needed supplies. the presbytery of the grand canyon provided a month of groceries to 500 families on the navajo nation.
your gifts make a difference!
the congregational resource team (crt) has mission priority grants of the presbytery for congregational development and partnership among congregations; for starting new worshiping communities and for supporting regional programs, such as mission outreach.
your continued support helps continue christ’s ministry throughout our presbytery through these grants.
the gifts we give, gives back to our presbytery. your gifts make a difference!
yours in christ,
congregational resourcing team’s (crt) mission opportunities sub-committee



posted in default 





primary sidebar widget area









4k grand canyon tour





grand canyon reddit news


calm evening at the canyon byu/nice_snaps ingrandcanyon


post feed
cancellation of services- notice from presbytery
2020 lenten study
how to find the best limousine rental service in phoenix
children at risk and the pentecost offering
your mission dollars at work in our presbytery
 






copyright © 2025 pby grand canyon. all rights reserved. theme: catch box by catch themes
 


scroll up















