


john moore, the liberty man









+1 (314) 965-3007
thelibertyman@aol.com

page loaded at









 home
john's bio
downloads
real estate
services
products

harvest right
texas greenhouse house
amsoil® store
amazon products
doterra® oils 
emp shield®
mosquito net covid anti-mask masks™
simply clean foods: coupon code "libertyman"
the energy cleaner™
the rocket heater™
water revolution filtration
john's products
lifevantage 


audio/video

john;s show general information page
live 07:00 through 10:00 central every weekday
rbn archives
bitchute
youtube @jrliberty
facebook
birghteon archives
rumble archives
odysee
truth social
clouthub
gab
downloads


everything else

contact us
tr-6 restoration project
memes and humor
john moore, 2017 prague peace prize laureate - read more 
links to other websites
ap world news feed
open source intelligence
your local weather


required policy notices

fair use notice
privacy policy
terms of use







private consultations available - john does private strategic and/or tactical consultations for individuals, families, commercial enterprises and groups.




__________________________________________________visit the liberty man twitter account__________________________________________________t









   
portions of the website and links to outside important articles and videos below...
listen to the john moore show live on rbn 07:00-10:00 central time every weekday morning. 
jr's videos are on rumble and in audio only on stitcher
listen live to the john moore show using this rbn player below...

  your browser does not support the audio element for this particular live rbn stream player. visit:  how to listen for more options!










arkhaven intentional christian community
you are invited to join arkhaven, an "intentional neighbor" community of christians deep in the ozark "safe zone".
1 chronicles 12: 32 speaks “of the sons of issachar who had understanding of the times, to know what israel ought to do…”
our vision is to create an environment where christians may grow to be spiritually, mentally, and physically prepared for these tumultuous end-times. this is our definition of christian community.
learn more




buy now & learn more
sunday's 8;00 p.m. easter, 7:00 p.m. central.
zoom link
see every weekly event here.
zoom link
driven by innovation and proven by science, lifewave is a patented life technology company dedicated to honoring the light of life and maximizing your potential, while holding true to its values of high product standards, leading with service, being socially responsible, and striving to make a difference through unprecedented humanitarian advancement.
experience the benefits
with technology designed to improve life, lifewave’s products harness your body’s natural restorative energy to enhance your ability to live well.
power of x39
i hope you're enjoying the incredible benefits of your lifewave patches!

	your journey toward better health is inspiring, and i'm thrilled to have you on this transformative path.
as you continue to explore the potential of these patches, i'm excited to share an additional way they can make a positive impact—on your cherished pets.

you're familiar with the recommended 12-hour on, 12-hour off routine for your patches.

	but here's an exciting tidbit john: your x39 can offer you another benefit after your 12 hours of use.
if you're a pet owner, you'll be delighted to know that these patches can find a new purpose on your furry friends.

	simply place the used patch on your pet—whether it sticks to their coat, a shirt, or even their pet bed—it's equally effective.
these patches extend their benefits up to 3 inches from the body, allowing your pets to activate their dormant stem cells even after your patching session.
buy now & learn more
now, you might wonder, why patch your pets?
let's explore some remarkable reasons:
joint health and mobility enhancement:
just like humans, many cats and dogs encounter joint issues as they age. the magic of stem cells comes into play here—by aiding in cartilage regeneration, reducing inflammation, and enhancing joint mobility, your pets can experience improved quality of life, comfort, and vitality.
wound healing:
stem cells possess an extraordinary ability to accelerate healing and tissue regeneration. whether your pet has a minor cut, undergone surgery, or dealt with more extensive wounds, stem cells can expedite recovery, minimize discomfort, and reduce the risk of complications.

chronic conditions:
managing chronic conditions such as osteoarthritis, inflammatory bowel disease, or kidney issues can be quite a challenge. here's where active stem cells offer hope—they can potentially alleviate symptoms, reduce the need for prolonged medication, and enhance your pet's overall well-being.
neurological disorders:
for pets dealing with neurological conditions like spinal cord injuries or degenerative disorders, reactivated stem cells could be a beacon of hope.
if you've got a pet in pain and yearn to offer them relief, our aculife patch might be the answer.
specifically designed to target aches, pains, and discomfort at the source, aculiife provides relief without the need for drugs, stimulants, or chemicals.
witness its incredible impact in action through an awe-inspiring video showcasing how it helped a horse in pain—promptly and effectively.
lifewave is making waves in the equine world
i'm thrilled that you're reaping the rewards of your patches, and now you can extend these benefits to your four-legged companions as well.

	i'm here to support you and your pets on your journey toward better health and well-being.

steven & jana bennun
bennunx39@gmail.com
buy now & learn more




intelligence briefing with john moore

watch john's video podcast every weekend. he will have a different guest every week and have the podcast ready for your viewing on rumble every weekend.
 
watch here on the rumble page 





	 

	use promo code: jrliberty to save on your next transaction
visit mypillow.com





kawasaki vulcan $4,499.00
listing

1983 mercedes-benz 300 sd $945 parts car/restore
listing






buy the physical cd here!
buy the digital album
or listen for free on spotify!

buy the physical cd here!
buy the digital album here!
or listen for free on spotify!

buy the physical cd here!
buy the digital album here!
or listen for free on spotify!

buy the physical cd here!
buy the digital album here!
or listen for free on spotify!




covid-19
 
covid-19 news: over 230 links to to covid-19 related and videos 
 




all of the ‘covid crimes’ are explained accurately and thoroughly by the great dr. david martin 
do you still want to drink it? 
karen kingston: pfizer charged with conspiracy, mrna shots have transhuman purpose 
the level of evil of these people is unprecedented in human history. 
for the ninth circuit court of appeals to rule that the covid clotshots are a treatment, not vaccination, is a major development. 
revealed: the sars-cov-2 sequencing sham 
japanese leader apologizes to the unvaccinated: ‘you were right, vaccines are killing millions of our loved ones’ 
in 2021, pfizer was granted a patent for cellular tower communication with graphene-injected humans worldwide 
there are a lot of compilations that catch fauci in massive lies, this one is the most powerful. 
vaccines from womb to tomb 
german mep christine anderson says the rollout of the mrna vaccines 
interview with david hodges on the commonsense show 
unrestricted warfare ep. 90 | "nanobot infested blood" with dr. ana mihalcea and dr. joseph sansone 
renowned scientist: all covid-vaxxed ‘will die in 3 to 5 years’ 
warning: covid vaccine recipients will drop dead over the next several years 
indemnity questioned 
medical coder gives proof the us govt carried out absolutely horrific mass murders and genocide upon americans! the 'depopulation agenda' proven by kamala harris's own words 
no wonder the stabbing of bishop mar mari emmanuel has prompted a coverup by the powers-that-be 
review article: artificial intelligence enhanced biomedical micro/nanorobots in microfluidics 
this confirms what we already suspected. 
about the scariest three minutes i have ever heard. 
breaking news a message from japan to the world – by professor masayasu inoue. 
dr michael yeadon says mrna covid jabs created to intentionally cause blood clots 
american rancher blowing the whistle on mrna vaccine tests in livestock 
top international virologist issues dire warning 
763 celebrities dead after covid vaccine 
the untold story of a ‘miracle drug’ 
scientists discover 'alien dna' hidden in blood of vaccinated people 
the miami independent: pending florida supreme court writ of mandamus to ban covid-19 mrna injections 
the proposed amendments to the international health regulations 
dr. david martin: striking a death blow to the global cartel’s war on humanity - a case against peter daszak, ralph baric, bill gates, anthony fauci, and the who 
died suddenly: fauci lied & hundreds of thousands of children died due to covid vaccination according to secret cdc report 
army lt. col. theresa long md testifies of falsified medical records to cover up covid shot injuries!! 
dr. mike yeadon: “i do not believe that global pandemics of acute respiratory illnesses are immunologically possible...” 
231 u.s. service members demand court-martials over forced covid shots 
the nwo’s 2024 black swan tell – exclusive report 
the new jn.1 has more tricks than previous variants 
nanoparticles for cloud seeding patent 
covid mrna vaccines required no safety oversight 
vaxinjured mri results 
fetuses are developing cancers 
psywars: fifth generation warfare and sovereignty 
ex cop spills zombie drill secrets (exclusive interview) 
whoever wrote the script for this episode of x-files has to be a time traveler 
todd callender interview 
cdc: covid shots lower male life expectancy by 24 years 
what the government prepares us for behind the jib jabs 
viral rfk jr. video gets deleted by “x”: here’s what they didn’t want you to see 
#donotcomply 
cdc now refusing new covid vaccine adverse event reports in its v-safe program 
regulator or enabler? germany's paul ehrlich institute and the pfizer-biontech vaccine 
igg4 antibody class switch: end of the line 
how bad is my batch? batch codes and associated deaths, disabilities and illnesses for covid 19 vaccines 
blue truth documentary 
cv1niner spike protein and cancer. 
report 69: bombshell - pfizer and fda knew in early 2021 that pfizer mrna covid “vaccine” caused dire fetal and infant risks, including death. they began an aggressive campaign to vaccinate pregnant women anyway. 
why are thousands of chinese men suddenly "migrating" across our southern border? 
exclusive! who whistleblower confirms horror: mrna narrative a psyop, shots are not biological 
45 times as many deaths after covid shots in just 2 years compared with all flu vaccine-related deaths since 1990, data show 
coup, coup, cachou, who? 
fully vaxxed lose 25 years of life expectancy, study shows 
german government and media admit 'covid' vaccine damage, victims tell their horrific stories (videos) 
top ten "lab leak" lies & liars 
nurse refused to give the covid vaccine 
top ten 'lab leak' lies concealing criminal covid 'deep state' conspiracy
game over: medicare data shows the covid vaccines increase your chance of dying
you think birthrates are low now? one obgyn says thanks to the jab, you ain't seen nothin' yet 
pfizer found to have covered up injuries and deaths of study participants in their clinical covid-19 vaccine trials
canada's youngest athletes, ages 6-13 are dying suddenly: covid-19 vaccine mandates for children playing sports were a crime...
who quietly drops second phase of probe into covid origins (legalinsurrection.com)
new diagnosis codes for covid-19 immunization status | aafp
performers dying, falling ill and collapsing on stage (53 in 3 months to 19 oct 2022)
they intended to cause harm
fingerprints of unvaccinated nyc teachers flagged to fbi 
study: at least 400,000 people in america have died from covid "vaccines" 
pfizer's dream to reduce population by fifty percent by 2023!
vaers auto-imune disorders
excess deaths
the troponin truth is a game changer!
new study shows that pretty much everyone is getting heart damage from the covid vaccines
subclinical myocarditis new report from switzerland vital findings
vaccine associated myo/pericarditis in adolescents: a stratified risk benefit analysis
a prospective study on myocardial injury after bnt162b2 mrna covid-19 fourth dose vaccination in healthy persons
pfizer knew their vaccine would kill...
vaxx gives life insurance companies an out for actually paying claims
japan, billions of dying vaxxed have dementia. perpetrators must be punished
dr. boyle, us bacteriological arms best expert
a systematic review of autopsy findings in deaths after covid-19 vaccination
causation for covid illness and covid deaths should be evaluated separately
no one is safe...until medical tyranny is achieved!
listen to a study of vaccinated vs. unvaccinated
bill gates caught on video admitting that his ‘experimental’ vaccine will change our dna 
largest study of its kind finds excess deaths during pandemic caused by public health response, not virus
u.s. district attorney's working together to criminally charge anthony fauci with racketeering 
everything presented to you had a purpose in exhausting you and getting you to submit your will to their control
covid cancer induction: “stealth virus”
“godfather of vaccines” now admits safety of injections has never been adequately studied
new zealand plan to force injections
alex jones: monkey pox affecting us election
fully vaxxed doctor dies suddenly of a stroke at 32
nanoparticles in mrna injections drastically alter brain activity in recipients
a new skin patch injects medicine into the human body
japan declares state of emergency after ‘nanobots’ found in 96 million citizens
small pox vaccine linked to aids
robert f. kennedy jr. exposing the covid 'vaccines' (bioweapon??) as a military project
pascal najadi, son of the wef's co-founder, calls for the arrest of wef memberss
hiv injected by vaccine
if un troops appear at your door you had better go passively into the night
peer-reviewed manuscript calls for market withdrawal of all covid-19 vaccines and boosters
pfizer took out a patent in 2021 for the purpose of remote contact tracing of all vaccinated individuals worldwide.
a world economic forum report hiding in plain sight confirms that upwards of six billion people will die in 2025
shock! hackers have hacked into the freemasons' database
dr. lee explains how post-vax miscarriage is different from non-vax miscarriage
were unvaccinated people targeted and 'murdered' â¤ during the covidiocracy
the government is oddly silent on 155k excess deaths from acute kidney injury.
doj lawyer admits fda war against ivermectin was abuse of authority
things that make you go hmmmmm - 18 gigahertz - bluecifer
evidence nicotine powerful deterrent for covid, alzheimers, parkinsons, tourettes, ms, autism.
the cdc recommends three pfizer covid shots for babies by age 9 months.
big pharma is secretly “ghostwriting” articles in top medical and oncology journals to trick doctors into buying their drugs.
major study discovers ‘off switch’ for covid mrna shots.
government, big pharma, and their lapdog msm, were complicit in violating all 10 points of the nuremberg code.
vaccinated vs. unvaccinated blood
alert: the mrna vaccines contained a secret weapon of mass depopulation
watch: president trump acknowledges that republicans hate the covid vaccine
the growth of graphene hydroxide from within the body 
former cdc director robert redfield endorses donald trump
excessive dna contamination in mrna vaccines presents ‘substantial risk’ of cancer
this has never been seen before in human biology: a cancer that can spread between people
u.s. d.o.d issued contract for c-19 research to a company in ukraine, 3 months before c-19 was known to exist
the united nations’ (un) world health organization (who) has admitted that “monkeypox” is actually a “side effect” of covid mrna “vaccines.”
dr. bryan ardis goes full unfiltered, unravels all the lies of the covid-19 psychological operation
learning curve.
"there's absolutely no question that this was not an accident...the fact that we have one-third dna product and two-thirds rna product [in the c19 jabs]
pfizer took out a patent in 2021 for the purpose of remote contact tracing of all vaccinated individuals worldwide. 
bill gates is going to prison and giving 50 million to harris won’t save him!
renowned virologist warns fully vaxxed have just years left to live
bill gates is going to prison and giving 50 million to harris won’t save him!
this is the key to understanding what the real covid agenda was.
breaking: a hydrogen bomb is about to be dropped on big pharma tyranny
the white house just fully legalized gain of function research - for the most deadly pathogens
ex-cdc director throws fauci under the bus
humans are being taken over from within by 'biotechnological mutation' through fake vaccines
our food is about to be poisoned with new “transgenic edible vaccines”
this toxic made up v@cc!ne along with the fake pcr test was all made up to k!ll as many as possible”
following the rollout of covid-19 mrna vaccines, cases of myocarditis surged, particularly among young and otherwise healthy individuals. 
donald trumps plan to terminate the us relationship with the world health organization and thwart their efforts to surrender our sovereignty with the “pandemic treaty”
dr mike yeadon’s austrian testimony
dr. mccullough on the covid jab: “i have never seen something so injurious to the human body.”
merck pharmacuticles admit vaccines contaminated with leukemia and cancer viruses.
10 shocking stories the media buried today
a mother takes her triplets in for their pneumococcal vaccines.
a world-renowned virologist has warned that the devastating true impact of the mass covid mrna vaccination campaign has yet to play out. 
an alarming new study has found that covid mrna “vaccines” feed cancer cells to help them survive and become more resistant
breaking: the great coronavirus cover-up: official report exposes two years of liesbreaking: the great coronavirus cover-up: official report exposes two years of lies
what was the difference between 1918 spanish flu and 1917 spanish flu?
why did potus trump order vaccines from moderna on january 13, 2020?
10 shocking stories the media buried today
chief attorney for fda admitted there was no reason to discourage people from taking ivermectin
dr. david martin & alex jones issue emergency warning to 47
for those who know richard, he is a believer, truth-teller, good soul. here is more of his journey.
maximum alert!!! house spending bill establishes a medical dictatorship in the usa!
self-replicating nanobots found in both the vaxxed and unvaxxed
if you were curious why igor kirillov was just assassinated, watch this video.
yale study confirms one billion vaxxed now have 'full blown vaids'
the who has become nothing more than a corrupt, globalist scam. we will defund the who…they deserve to be abolished and replaced
if the "powers that be" ever try to force our children or any adult to wear a mask again - send them this video.
“fauci and pfizer lied to president trump about the ‘covid vaccines’…and again, trump was lied to about the disclosure of side effects.
chemtrails pilot reveals plot to blanket world in "death fog" to kill billions in 2025
dr. sherri tenpenny: here's what happens when your child gets the entire "vaccine" schedule
dr. lorraine day explains what the tests were really for and it wasn't testing for a "virus".
10 shocking stories the media buried this week
taken from a man who died suddenly
arrest bill gates and dr. fauci.
arrest bill gates and dr. fauci.
8 bombshell findings in florida’s grand jury report on big pharma’s covid shots
florida grand jury investigating covid-19 vaccines finds no evidence of criminal activity
this simplistic overview outlines what is in vaccines and how it is causing autoimmune diseases and deaths
dr. mike yeadon silver bullet video
dr. david e. martin: every person that got got an mrna injection is no longer capable of actually living in a qualified human healthy existence.
new article: ivermectin and fenbendazole testimonial - 74 year old former olympic athlete with myelodysplastic syndrome (mds) post moderna covid-19 mrna vaccines
if there was ever any doubt as to who bears responsibility for the covid pandemic, biden’s pardon of fauci forever seals the deal. 
nurse whistleblower: v@cc!nated babies and babies of v@cc!nated mothers are dy!ng at an alarming rate! 
tucker is horrified to learn how aborted fetal tissue is used in the development of some vaccines, reveals his child is vaccine injured.
"covid-19 is targeted to attack caucasians & black people, the people who are most immune are ashkenazi jews & chinese" .
"covid-19 is targeted to attack caucasians & black people, the people who are most immune are ashkenazi jews & chinese" .
fluorescent glow on the faces of those vaccinated under ultraviolet light.
hiv was the first gain of function virus created by fauci & gallo
the most puzzling part of the covid vaccine is its ability to "shed" and harm those who never got it.
"small particles of a tumor circulating in your blood" is a stage 4, metastasized cancer, not early
"breaking news: first-in-the-world ivermectin, mebendazole and fenbendazole protocol in cancer has been peer-reviewed and published on sep.19, 2024! 
report: a new peer-reviewed study finds irrefutable evidence supporting immediate market withdrawal of the covid-19 injections. 
eye floaters - dr bryan ardis
dr. bryan ardis & dr. lee merritt: explosive information that changes everything! get ready!!
trump’s top advisor, and most influential man on the planet, just told the world the us government funded the creation of c19 and are responsible for the deaths of millions worldwide.
dr. bryan ardis & dr. lee merritt: explosive information that changes everything! get ready!!
the covid dossier
father of black hawk pilot is director of ehr company that develops remote patient monitoring apps + deepseek + gaza + cia buy-out + ccp will implode if us decouples
also see slovakia bans who from country after gov’t investigator finds mrna shots where an ‘act of bioterrorism

american airlines captain robert snow has heart attack post-vaccination inside cockpit.

red cross admits they won’t use vaxxed blood for convalescent plasma covid treatments

canada-wide  walkout february 21, 2022 and forward (video)

the vaxxed zombies movie; a  leonard g. horowitz production

innate immune suppression by sars-cov-2 mrna vaccinations: the role of g-quadruplexes, exosomes and micrornas (may not yet be peer reviewed)

dr. mike yeadon interview:
- whats really going on part 1
- whats really going on part 2
- whats really going on part 3

dr. robert malone full interview by joe rogan: explains the dire situation is in the usa


video: ex-pfizer chief scientist dr. michael yeadon: mass murder with vaccine passports/top up vaccines

how trump’s vaccines prevent the great reset and save humanity




 
	 
	enjoy an easy, natural way to help your body thrive

list to john discuss nanosoma with sean macdonald

more info




the gen-2 rocket heater is now available for order!  multiple colors now available.

more info buy now




articles by dr. horowitz




healthcare workers and disease sufferers are schooled in the science of jesus'
therapeutic touch

a statement from dr. horowitz

garbagegate: the “enemy within”—a riveting video by award-winning filmmaker, leonard g. horowitz
the science of jesus’ miraculous healing power: “bio-spiritual dynamics” of “therapeutic touch,”

dr. leonard horowitz's maha nomination

from the folks who brought you aids: now there’s super-aids

free amazon inauguration special exposes “trump assassins” beyond “government gangsters”







because you know something is wrong.
	helping truth seekers understand how the world really works!




special offer: simply clean foods
 
for a limited time purchase a one-year grand assortment organic, non-gmo, 2000 plus servings and receive an energy cleaner™ free! (while supplies last)
show now 




the criminal conspiracy to assassinate president donald j. trump
	  cracks in the official story


assistant director to the fbi present behind trump

humor: the secret service during the assassination attempt

walking the trump gunman's metadata

witnesses multiple shooters at pa trump rally, second shooter atop the water tower    trump in grave danger— deep state coup against america's executive branch now live— alex jones warns

forensic audio analysis of trump shooting - first 7 rounds


dan bongino covers texts before the shooting

secret service whistleblower says they were ordered to stand down

congressman clay higgins releases his preliminary investigative report on the attempted assassination of donald trump. 

disturbing facts revealed in a 6 page investigative report which found crooks body was cremated

report: attempted assassination of donald trump gets worse

jesse watters's report last night on the assassination attempt on president trump makes my blood boil

imagine getting your own name tattooed on yourself!

 rep @mattgaetz drops 2 major bombshells on trump’s assassination attempts

secret service explains 2nd assassination attempt

this is key, to understanding who shut infowars down.

learn how an underage ashley biden, together with twins jena and barbara bush, helped osama bin laden remove 140 members of his family from the united states on 9/11



john's warning about covid vaccines may 7, 2020
clip runs from 4:27 to 11:05
the john moore show 5.7.20 hour 1


 
	 
	the impending banking crisis: mastering the game of financial jenga
more info




red pill expo photos

g. edward griffin 
dr. brian ardis 
dr. sherri tenpenny 
dan happle 
ambassador alan keyes 






 john did his first paid professional preparedness consultation the summer of 1977. john's mission in a private consultation is to give you the information, the clarity, the focus, you need to move forward.
john will give you a stiff dose of reality. he will help you establish priorities. he will advise you of resources for training and equipment.
john can do consultations via skype, zoom, telephone or in-person.
fee structure:

$250.00 per hour
$3000.00 per day
travel is $1,000 per diem plus expenses

to set up your private consultation call john at 314-965-3007




water-revolution specials

show now




custom log cabin kits
we are a log homes of america log home dealer and custom build log cabins with dove tail corners native to the ozarks.




we will work with you to design precisely what you want. namely a custom log home kit delivered to your job-site for your general contractor to build your dream home. whether you want to duplicate a one room log cabin as used by davey crockett, or a 6,000 square foot log mansion as seen in the tv series, "yellowstone" (or anything in between) we can accommodate you!
want to get started? just call john moore 314-965-3007.




grid down redoubt energy storage systems
with the grid down redoubt energy storage system, you get a modular, easy to install, incredibly robust yet affordable off-grid energy storage system.
the redoubt comes with an industry leading 25 year warranty and is backed by emp shield's 10 year lightning protection guarantee with $25,000 of insurance.
user our link below and recieve 7% off your purchase!
buy grid down redoubt now










which is the real potus?

click here or on above image to see many similar images

it makes you wonder just how many times they’ve sacrificed & substituted the real person when required too…… 
when an impostor claims to be joe biden and no one speaks up, it proves that we live in a world filled with lies, clowns, and deception. 
two biden body doubles 
breaking internet firestorm: how many joe bidens are there?!





humor

quite evil and insane. 
bwahahahaha!! 
when you let your cat watch tv 
klaus schwab music video - a new world order in music 
i wear my face mask in the car 
squirrel fakes his own death 
what do you mean i'm not real? 
more frightening but 100% true facts about guns 
white house spokesman 
is the fbi listening to your phone calls? 
how to empower women in 2023! 
bob hope says democrats are like zombies. 
chinese military to just shout wrong pronouns at american soldiers 
trump exploits little-known legal loophole where you avoid indictment by not committing a crime 
pfizer unable to finish press conference as spokespeople keep collapsing 
what happens when an electric f150 runs out of battery 
billions of lives saved by man wearing mask while alone in car
and now, a very important election message from president biden | jeff dunham
lloyd bridges 30 years ago-absolute foreshadow
trump & son
meme submissions
but can you drive it???
jim explains covid
trump & son
jim explains covid
wwiii season
it takes a village
californians adjust to new life in texas
recommended 4th covid booster shot
the obama's at martha's vineyard
climate conference hypocrisy 
captain kirk for president
chicago school standard
dnc convention vs the film idiocracy.
tim walz is having a rough one tonight.
hurricane milton: weather man loses it live on air because his wife, helene left him for a dude named milton
we at the babylon bee are endorsing kamala harris. our ceo @sethdillon explains what makes her so great.
president trump tells the story of how the garbage truck and the orange vest came to be.
a broadcast from the dilley meme team
he’s so upset that trump won that he’s “leaving the united states and moving to hawaii.”
on the eve of the election, the dnc has called an emergency meeting. our hidden cameras have captured the chaos that has ensued. stay tuned for more updates. 
only conservatives will laugh at this "offensive" comedian 
all the homes are gone 

meme archive




freedom center usa legal defense fund

log into paypal and make your donation to the email address freedomcenterusa777@gmail.com
  



pucky huddle sunset cottage home

4 guests · 3 bedrooms · 3 beds · 1 bath airbnb
see the listing and more photos here



john's tr-6
 
learn more




greenhouse-in-a-box

we have a greenhouse for every application. whether you're looking for a conservatory for a private estate, or simply wanting to grow a few herbs in the back yard, we have you covered.
the freestanding american classic greenhouses are available in 9', 13', 15', 17', 20', 25' and 30' widths, while our american classic lean-to is available in 6', 8', 10', and 12' widths. the american hobby line is more budget-conscious with freestanding models rangeing from 8' to 10' widths, while the hobby lean-to styles are available in either 6' or 8' widths. all of the greenhouses can be made to any length you desire.
for details, or a quote: call john moore.

+1 (314) 965-3007
thelibertyman@aol.com






articles and commentary by mr. steve o'neal

january 2025
december 2024
november 2024
october 2024
september 2024
august 2024
july 2024
june, 2024 
april, 2024 
march, 2024 
february 13, 2024 
january 27, 2024 
january 22, 2024 
january 8, 2024 
december 19, 2023 
december 2023 
february 2023 
january 2023 
november, 2022 
august, 2022
july, 2022
june, 2022
may, 2022
april, 2022
march, 2022
february, 2022






the energy cleaner & accessories
 
more info buy now




open source intelligence
________________________

september 2024
july 2024
june, 2024 
april, 2024 
march, 2024 
february 13, 2024 
january 27, 2024 
january 22, 2024 
january 8, 2024 
december 19, 2023 
december 2023 
february 2023 
january 2023 
january 2023
november, 2022 
august, 2022
july, 2022
june, 2022
may, 2022
april, 2022
march, 2022
february, 2022





documentary: grid down power up (2024) full documentary 4k release

emp shield is the world's first emp protection technology for an entire home and vehicle tested to military and ul 1449 standards from etl.
built to exceed military standards (mil-std-188-125-1, mil-std-464c, and mil-std-461g), the shield is one of the world's fastest whole home surge protectors operating in less than 1 billionth of a second. our devices have been military tested and proven to defend against the e1, e2, and e3 phases of an emp.
notice: $50 off coupon code is automatically applied at checkout by using this link:  order now!
dhs combats potential electromagnetic pulse (emp) attack
electromagnetic pulse (emp) program status report
summary of events following a nuclear emp 105 miles above the us
learn more!
we need a 2024 act.  i would eliminate the formation of more investigative commissions or any waiting periods before protective measures are undertaken, as the necessary information already exists.
2013 shield act.pdf

cipa 2015.pdf






info on "find my bluetooth device"
 
try the app now






 
 
"clif high's" reports on bitchute.  many 'must watch' videos here!

click here to watch clif's videos.
collapse of civilization to some degree coming - clif high & greg hunter of  usawatchdog.com  


a few years from today
choose your future flavor
complex, not complicated
economic ecology of the elohim
ahimsa - first, do no harm.
farmers, miners, foundrymen, builders.
the other physics
complex understanding
ζrevolution
the assumptions of the timestream dwellers 
break-away 
extrapolation
ship of monkeys
consciousness
release the psoas!
what are we missing?
ontological aliens
them pesky vu's
a chat with chat.ai about pine needle tea
first principles woo
39 days to melee
getting dybbuked can ruin your day.
jump the slice...
living souls? or fucktards like the elohim?
agenda : 2039!
a natural man walking this earth
links to vids about current happenings before they manifested.
zpt 'free energy' genset design.
keep pure.
the black blade
the terrible understanding of men
the pharisees control your mind.
tempering
carrying that lake up that mountain.
feedback
grist for the mill.
failing.
that complex bitch
spring offensive
shi ho nage
windows to the soul
chrysilis
curiendero
secrets revealed
watch the water...








the communist agenda exposed

the bugs have arrived, read the labels
smoking gun proof of biden's treason?
attorney todd calendar revealing that most of the cabinet is not properly sworn in
another animal feeding facility explosion
did kosher rye create trans?
a warning about communism from 60 years ago
america 2023: sleepwalking into world war iii
terry turchie, former assistant deputy director of the counter-terrorism division of the fbi condemns raid on president trump's mar-a-largo 
120 retired us military (flag) officers warn of conflict between marxism, 'constitutional freedom' 
epoch times story
actual letter in .pdf format
general george patton – his life and legacy
is this the start of ww3? should we prepare?
bombshell: the 2020 election took place under a trump-declared "national emergency" that set an election day trap for the "unauthorized accessing of election and campaign infrastructure"
25 nightmare things that will happen if joe biden wins the election...
states secretly stockpiling food for need ahead - "to the roof!"
yugoslavian issues warning to all americans
jana bennun - the plan of the enemy
g. edward griffin explains how, since at least the 1920s, communists have had plans to use racial agitation, violence, & socialism for communist revolution in america
the enemy within…(great read!!) 
obama 2008 "meet the press" interview snippet
yuri bezmenov - love letter to america: ex-kgb propagandist on soviet subversion  (full lecture. english, 1983)
kgb defector yuri bezmenov's warning to america
yuri bezmenov: the four stages of ideological subversion 
wwiii alert







insights into real history


biden ordered the assassination of president trump 
juanita broaddrick: this is well worth 10 minutes of your time. please watch. 
national american renaissance movement letter to new jersey environmental protection agency regarding geoengineering operations 
leaked video of secret meeting of world leaders 2015 - "international conference: the new world order" 
dr. mike yeadon, former vp at pfizer 
listen to what lara logan says 
#squattersrights have to go. 
musk case against microsoft and openai gains support: amicus brief motion details human extinction risks 
texas governor declares federal government has "broken the compact" with the states. invokes invasion clause, asserts right to self defense 
the nwo’s 2024 black swan tell – exclusive report
deagle 2025 forecast resurrected
must watch: pres. trump amplifies dr. jan halper-hayes'
2020 u.s. presidential election fraud confirmed by french billionaire with intel databanks
pdf: 1967 cia nurnad memo, the conspiracy to discredit 'conspiracy theories.'
epoch times story
120 retired us military (flag) officers warn of conflict between marxism, 'constitutional freedom' (pdf)
we were warned: freedom to chains - paul harvey - video
george f. nasif document collection relating to hrc
who's to blame for columbus' voyage east to get to india & china? 
the jfk shooting came from multiple angles... disproving the "magic bullet" theory.,,
solid proof of gods love in the 528 frequency key to miraculous healing
globalists planning to hit trump with truck bombs, poisoning, and electromagnetic weapons
message to deep state minions: don't follow your orders, come out with your hands up, & join the resistance
the rise of multi-nodal geopolitics how middle powers are redifineing global dynamics 
english civil war: top 10 memes
replacement migration 2000(download pdf)
lara logan and alex jones discuss the afghanistan pullout
he says islam will enter every home in america, whether we like it or not. they have a plan
dr. mike yeadon, former vice president at pfizer, on agenda 2030
official nasa documents confirm plans for 'mass extinction event' in 2025
explosive documents obtained by investigative journalist, through the freedom of information act confirms
weird how this “plane” hitting the pentagon doesn’t have any wings
this was posted on the ayatollah’s website. 
this is key, to understanding who shut infowars down.
the greatest coverups: former head of the fbi confirms that 9/11 was orchestrated at the highest level by the u.s. government.





 


09/11/01 information

video: johnny gat - the abundant israeli connections to 9/11





president trump's stunning letter to house speaker pelosi of 17 december, 2019 - a must read!


click now to download and/or read  this fascinating and truth laden letter



2016 presidential election voter cheating white paper - mathematical regression analysis
by james mccanney, m.s.

	 


	click now to download and/or read  this important document




nasa predicts next solar cycle will be lowest in 200 years (dalton minimum levels) + the implications


an approaching grand solar minimum is gaining evermore support. even nasa appears to be on-board, with their recent sc25 prediction — though, predictably, they stay clear of the implications.
nasa’s forecast for the next solar cycle (25) reveals it will be the weakest of the last 200 years


click now to read  this article.



please download and read immediately: john moore's memorandum on the possible coming second american civil war 
patriots: a novel of survival in the coming collapse paperback - march 27, 2020




gov. richard lamm: my plan to destroy america (opinion - washington examiner) 
i have a secret plan to destroy america. if you believe, as many do, that america is too smug, too white-bread, too self-satisfied, too rich … then let’s destroy america. it is not that hard to do...


click to read the full story

mark levin comments on former co governor lamm on "multiculturalism"





vaxxed2 documentary producers release devastating information about america’s hidden vaccine injury epidemic: “a war zone” of dead children


	 

	
the producers of vaxxed2 — the new vaccine truth documentary highlighted at vaxxed2.com — joined me at the infowars studios for an exclusive interview about the launch of this powerful film that’s set to blow the lid on the epidemic of vaccine injuries that are killing and maiming children across america (and around the world).
continue reading on natural news





new dvd!   "the heavens are shaking" conference dvd  
 

  click to read the full description and purchase this dvd for $40.00



chinese defense minister speech - full, in .pdf format
 
click to download and read



the "navy map"
	 

click to view full sized map in a new tab.



long range process of making america muslim:  c-span 1989
	 
. 
click to watch video.



red dawn:  learn the true nature of a russian invasion. 
	 
compilation of j. r. nyquist and sgm dan page interviews of 22 and 23 may, 2019

	 
	

click to watch video on youtube.



pentagon submits bases threatened by climate change (rising ocean levels)





click to read.



dr. hardy limeback:  why i am now officially opposed to adding fluoride to drinking water



click to read letter and watch video. 



valdamar valerian: matrix iii volume one "the psycho-social, chemical, biological and electromagnetic manipulation of human consciousness"
click to read/download .pdf (918 pages)



"no need for panic" now released at no charge by john moore for this website's users.
grab this free .pdf file while you can...



national geographic audio cut - sleep importance.
click to listen in a new tab.



the gulf stream has stopped.
click to view in a new tab.



where have all the bugs gone?
click to view.



valuable links to other websites
click to view.



the john moore radio show
click to view.



get your personalized local weather conditions and forecast
click to view.



learn about the energy cleaner

click to view.



public appearance schedule
click to view.



new coastlines in the media
click to view.




get the latest headlines from the associated press
click to view.



hundreds of free downloads for your use and enjoyment
view index



embedded videos that you may find informative and/or entertaining
view index




water filtration system from prof.. james mccanney

today there is growing public awareness of severe very dangerous chemicals in the water supplies across the usa.   the worst are called pfas “forever chemicals” that were used in industry, in firefighting foam and which came from industrial sites using these chemicals.  the most commonly known pfas is teflon which was used in kitchen pans and were marketed extensively many years ago.  pfas like other pollutants are cumulative in the human body and can cause serious health problems including birth defects, stunted growth in children, immune system problems and cancer...


more info  buy now







jim mccanney's wing generator available for sale now!
	 

	


click here to read more and to request an approximate estimate and complete the questionnaire form




spiritual armor prayer

put on your spiritual armor every day before you get out of bed and before you lay hands on anyone to pray for their healing.
thank you father for keeping me safe through another night.
please forgive me for all sin in my life and help me to forgive those who have sinned against me.
i put on my helmet of your salvation
my breastplate of your righteousness
my loins are girded up with your truth
my feet are shod with the preparation of the gospel of your peace
i have the sword which is your word it´s in my spirit and my mouth
and, the shield of your faith, wherewith i will quench all of the firey darts of the evil one.
and, i cover myself with your blood.
no weapon formed against me shall prosper!




why and how
	{operation warpspeed} saved millions of lives
commentary by clif high
ladies and gentlemen,
for nearly three years, i have anguished over why president trump pursued operation warpspeed. now i know. at a rather minimal (by comparison) cost of lives, president trump compromised the real plan of a ten year lock down that would have killed many tens of millions more americans than have and will die.
no general wants to see his men die. however, they must make decisions that will minimize casualties and win any given battle. after hearing the presentation of clif high it now makes sense.
god bless america,
	god bless donald j. trump
	john r. moore




 






give us a call: +1 (314) 965-3007


send us an e-mail: thelibertyman@aol.com


need an appointment? please contact us ...











copyright ©  john moore, st. louis, mo, all rights reserved




birds and bees music video


