























































conferences and courses uk london| unicom seminars






 





mail us: info@unicom.co.uk 






































mail us: info@unicom.co.uk 





























events 


training


publications 


lead generation 


blog 


contact 



            about us
          

team 
current job opportunities 







          locations
        

emea
asia pac
india
americas









































































previous



next






about unicom



established in 1984, unicom seminars is a leading events and training company. unicom's products and services aim to capture the evolving developments of information technology (it), operational technology (ot) and financial analytics. emerging trends in it and ot are researched and their impact on the user community and vendor community are shared at unicom's events and publications. thus, unicom has built up a community of like-minded professionals who focus on state of the art of (it), namely, agile, devops, testing, low code - no code and topics of km, information systems, categories of data, generative ai and llm. in particular, the impact of these technologies on the industrial marketplace is the focus of discussion and debate of this community. unicom's products, services and publications are primarily aimed at an audience of senior executives, practitioners, and young professionals in the early stages of their careers, and leading academics.
events
training









welcome to unicom, a premier events and training company dedicated to serving two distinct groups of customers. we cater to "end-user" organizations from both the private and public sectors, who seek to gain insights into new trends, best practices, knowledge, skills, qualifications, and strategies. additionally, we support product vendors and consultants by providing them with opportunities to connect with prospective customers and enhance their visibility in specific areas of business.
at unicom, we pride ourselves on delivering exceptional value to our clients. our approach to developing and commissioning events is based on thorough market research, in-depth technology analysis from a business perspective, and, most importantly, the requirements and feedback we receive from our esteemed clientele. through our ongoing research we stay ahead of the curve, provide our clients with latest industry knowledge; and brief them re: tools and solutions so that they in turn succeed in their respective domains.


who we are










mission
to be a leading provider of knowledge to the business community.





vision
to engage the global business community as a specialised provider of knowledge.





values
maintain a culture of co-operation, commitment and trust.










agile
data and analytics
devops
software development management testing deployment
project & programme management
quant finance, ai & machine learning
supply chain







blog









the kiss-kick-kiss formula for testers
testers, regularly face questions like - "our incidents are rejected?", "our expertise is questioned?", "we are blamed for faults appearing in production?". the immediate reply that comes up in our minds is "we are doing our best".  know more











jump-start your non-functional testing, today!
the quality of software testing needs to go through a phase of evolution be it in the field of functional or a non-functional testing. let's just call it 'metamorphosis'. the criticality of this phase is predominant  know more











embracing low code, no code
the rise of low-code and no-code platforms has played an important role in simplifying programming for the masses. not every person has the chance to figure out how to code, thus, these stages started to democratize programming  know more











correlation between agile, devops & testing
to thrive in a competitive business environment, institutions must address concerns like deadlines and resource allocations to develop test-delivery applications that are secure and stable.  know more










awards

























event calendar
conference calendar
our blog
our clients
our partners



related links
unicom learning india
optirisk systems
find an event


contact us
unicom seminars ltd 
            the atrium suites 536 & 537 
            1 harefield road uxbridge 
            ub8 1ex - united kingdom 

            mail:info@unicom.co.uk 
privacy policy


location










          © 2023 all rights reserved
        










home
events
training
lead generation
code of conduct

webinars 
 webinars 


webinars
agile
business management
data/analytics
devops
performance management
project & programme management
quant finance
software




contests
awards
sponsorship
blog
contact us




















