









homepage - the aruba beach club resort






























































 
 



















297-524-3000     execoff@arubabeachclub.net     faq


   members portal     
	
    gallery     
    
    news     
    
    contact     

    


















book your stay



home
rooms
superior studios


with two queen-size beds, up to four guests can sleep comfortably in superior studios.

deluxe suites


the bedroom has two queen-size beds, and the living room sofa transforms into another queen-size bed. up to five guest.

royal suites


up to six guests sleep comfortably in a bedroom with two queen-size beds, and in the living room on a queen-size sleeper sofa.


resort
about resort


relax on our beautiful beach or pool deck or play golf.

resort amenities


step out your door onto six miles of breathtaking white sandy beaches.

activities


come to paradise and make our resort your “home away from home”.

dining


providing both locals and tourists with our winning formula.

shops


browse in our lobby shops for those last minute items.

spa


our spa is open to everyone who seeks comfort and relaxation.


aruba
concierge


concierge services are available for members and guests between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. 7 days a week.

things to do in aruba


browse our list of local recommendations in aruba and find affordable places to stay, the best restaurants and things to do.

what is nearby


when you get ready to take on the sights, sounds, and adventures in aruba, the question that pops into most people’s heads is what to do first.


members

abc forum
guest of member form
application membership
club resale
transfer agreement
rental program
timeshare calendar

weeks 4 sale
timeshare calendar
book now
book your stay


book
your
stay






skip to content 










 


 

home away 
from home 
							discover stunning sunrise and sunset views 
							view rooms 
							









our rooms- relax & unwind -   01  sleeps four guests superior studio view more  02  sleeps five guests deluxe suite view more  03  sleeps six guests royal suite view more   welcome to paradise- aruba beach club resort -come to paradise and make the aruba beach club resort your “home away from home”.image gallerycheck out our image galleryshopsview all shops



 come and relax with us on the world’s most beautiful beach resort in aruba. let the cares and stress of the world melt away as you enjoy the crystal blue waters and snow white sand under your feet. read more






our rooms are newly renovated to make sure that you enjoy the indoors as much as the outdoors. many of our activity and social areas have also been updated and improved to provide the most convenience and comfort possible. read more







situated on eagle beach in aruba, we provide a number of fun and luxurious amenities for all ages. these are some of the things which make us one of the best family resorts on the entire island. read more






you can enjoy golf, shopping, kid and family-friendly activities, wonderful cuisine, and even casino gaming and entertainment without even leaving the immediate area. read more








view our rooms





discover our restaurant- kokoa restaurant & bar -


step into a world of culinary delight and relaxation at kokoa restaurant & bar. nestled right on the pristine beach of aruba beach club resort, our vibrant establishment is where unforgettable memories will be made, and exceptional experiences will take flight.


activities- aruba beach club resort -


services include information on resort and island activities, directions and maps, restaurant reservations and confirmations, airline confirmations, shopping information, water sports activities, sightseeing tours, faxes and overnight mail services and general information.


view all activities











bulletin board- aruba beach club resort -


the first timeshare resort in the caribbean, the aruba beach club resort is located directly on punta brabo beach, one of the finest beaches in aruba. step out your door onto six miles of breathtaking white sandy beaches or enjoy our salt water filtration pool.


view bulletin boardthings to do in aruba- browse our list of local recommendations -


christmas dinnerread moreoranjestaddowntown oranjestad is absolutely overflowing with fun things to do. from numerous retail shops, souvenir boutiques, restaurants, gaming venues, and several other activities, you are literally within a few minutes’ […]
read morealhambra mall and casinowhether you are itching to get to the gaming tables or simply want to relax with some shopping and casual dining, alhambra is just minutes away from the most popular […]
read morearikok national parkarikok national park lies on aruba’s east coast. conchi is a natural ocean pool sheltered by craggy rock formations. beaches include boca prins and dos playa, a turtle nesting site. [...]read more

browse full list



>>rental specials 2024<<












j.e. irausquin boulevard 53
p.o. box 368
oranjestad, aruba
follow us on social media to keep up-to-date with latest news, discounts and events.

 welcome baskets

deals

current weather











 °f|°c




subscribe to our mailing list 












by supplying your contact information, you agree to let us transfer and store your information in our account on mailchimp and use this information to send you updates, event invitations, newsletters, email marketing, etc. from that account. 



© 2023 aruba beach club resort.terms & conditionsprivacyfaqsitemap
website design    jzmarketing agency 



 






















































skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset






 rental special 2023rental special 2023rental special rates incl. taxes & free wifi rental specialsrental special 2023










