






california music and business blog | gotham rec.






























			skip to content		



california music and business blog | gotham rec.








the benefits of bathtub refinishing 

most people carrying out home improvements are usually inclined more in making replacements when it comes to the bathroom other than settling on bathtub refinishing. however, with the current economic state as experienced throughout the world, very many people are reconsidering the choices that are available in making bathroom improvements with an aim of saving some money. bathtub refinishing san diego offers many benefits when compared to bathtub replacement as discussed further in this article.
refinishing is much cheaper than replacing the whole bathtub.
making a replacement may cost about $100, but when you include the cost of the contractors, the demolition and removal cost of the old tub, the budget rises to around $2500 which is expensive to most people. when one decides to refinish, however, it would only cost around $400 which is notably cheaper. when refinishing, the bathtub would need to be cleaned of scum and any dirt before it is sanded so that the surface may become a little rough for the primer to soak in well. after this, the bathtub is left to dry up before it is sanded again but a little lightly this time. another coat of primer is added yet again then added the top coat. after application and drying each time, the bathtub is sanded lightly again. this is done three times while applying the top coat. after all this, one will be able to get a good bath which will look as good as new without having to spend a lot of money.
bathtub refinishing helps in conserving the environment.
when carrying out bathtub refinishing, the baths and tiles do not get thrown out into the landfill which is a move that helps in saving the environment. there are very many assets coming from the environment when manufacturing new bathtubs and tiles too. if the demand for new tubs keeps on rising, the environmental assets used in homeowner they keep on diminishing. however, if everyone decides to settle on bathtub refinishing instead of buying new bathtubs for replacements, then the environmental assets are conserved.
from the discussed points, it is clear that bathtub refinishing saves money and also helps in conserving the environment which is both beneficial to the home owner. instead of having to spend more money in buying a new bathtub and replacing the old one, it is much easier and smart to settle on carrying out bathtub refinishing and save some money while conserving the environment at the same time.


author infoposted on august 19, 2016categories home improvement 



how to hire an seo agency 

sooner or later an online marketing campaign will fail to deliver. this is particularly the case if no more sales are generated and brings potential worry even though all the marketing techniques have been exhausted. should this occur, one can consider hiring an seo san diego consultant to help out.
before hiring a web marketing consultant, however, some things should be considered before committing fully. in doing these particular considerations, it will assist in bringing down cost and eliminating unnecessary expenditures. a good checklist of what is required to do before hiring an seo can be found here .
at the top of your list should be an item regarding skills and skill sets. look over the employee profiles of your company and see if there exist the necessary skills to do the job internally instead of getting outside help. if it does not exist then, this can be a factor in the hiring of a consultant.
next to consider is knowing exactly what you want or need to happen. a majority of companies have a very general or broad idea of what they want to occur following an online campaign. the outside expert you hire is only as efficient and precise as the plans you have in mind.
the expertise of the outside expert you have in mind should also factor in your final decision. check the references and background of the person you have in mind of hiring. likewise, look at the achievements and the client references carefully to see if he or she is as capable as he or she purports to be.
an important all around consideration if hiring from the outside is cost. this is a cost regarding monetary payments. will you or the company be able to shoulder the additional expense? cost can also be incurred regarding lost man hours as you will be assigning someone to show the consultant the ropes for the first few days or weeks.
and last of all to consider is the workability of the final recommendations made. most companies waste a lot of money in hiring an outside expert yet do not even implement the ideas given, no matter how feasible. thus, the problem of implementation after the consultancy phase should be looked at regarding who will be able to do it and how long. most companies fall into this trap of not being able to implement what has been consulted on, thus resulting in lower morale for those involved.


author infoposted on june 25, 2016categories business 



how to increase your hair length with extensions 


nowadays, we are currently living in a beauty-obsessed society. the planet of cosmetology is increasing from the time. beauty so much fascinates people they do anything possible to look and feel great. no one is unmarked with the options that exist on the market to not appear bad. so, in the battle of hunting most pretty, long hair extensions and a vital component to enjoying. these extensions are a supplement to our hair that produces hairs appear healthy. it’ll help you get a hairstyle of your decision and certainly will cause you to be comfortable so that you may also feel comfortable when going out. sometimes individuals are regarded from the type of hair they have. long and beautiful hair is always admired by others.
long hair extensions are locks of individual or artificial hair which might be positioned on your hair sometimes even to produce hair’s length longer according to your preference or to thicken. a trusted stylist that offers hair extensions near me is stephanie grace in san diego, ca. her hair extensions are just a straightforward means whereby it’s possible to obtain the newest hairstyle trends available. the extension may include your hair and size, thickness and period and providing you with a look and an entirely new style. the procedure that’s used to secure the extensions is available numerous from one expansion to different. it’s employed by the usage of adhesives, braids, patterns, videos or material bands. these procedures also vary from one another in cost. in providing you, a makeover these extensions help you. hair extensions are of two kinds; one is authentic hair extension and also other is synthetic.
remy hair extensions are pure human hair as possible utilize it to obtain the style, experience and appear which you like depending on your lifestyle. if you are currently going to test out your hair and looks which mean you need to make sure about the type of goods have you been going to use? you need to consult with the hairstylist for extension’s type you want to utilize.  actual hair extensions are little more costly than your manufactured hair design approach. with regards to your budget’s dimension, you can opt for the extension you would like. ceramic fusion, cold fusion, links, shrinkies etc-are a few of the methods which can be found to have an attractive look.
well, there might be for opting a hair extension numerous reasons. the main reason could be to include size, volume, and shine while another motive can be to hide your bad hair. there’s no additional way than to full cover up with hair extension rather than wearing your personal terrible cut hair when you have an unfortunate haircut. you can use true hair-extension in case you have to attend some special event like a wedding, celebrations. you have to visit your stylist before striving for any extension and talk with her individually. locate a great hair stylist that can suggest cons and all the pros of applying for hair extensions. you have to present some extra treatment for your hair since the extensions may shed or even cared properly, after using it. the right hair extensions will last approx 4-6 weeks with proper care and are the perfect addition to an upcoming wedding or special event.


author infoposted on june 23, 2016june 23, 2016categories hair 



gotham has you covered 

gotham rec. is california’s premier music and business marketing blog. we are committed to bringing you the freshest new regarding your favorite artists along with success stories from throughout the state. like any business it is critical to have a basic understanding of marketing in order to run and maintain a profitable operation. thank you for joining and being a part of this thriving community…talk to you soon!



author infoposted on may 31, 2016categories business, music 



how to hire the right contractor 


in a house renovation project, you need to hire someone for the work. a general contractor or a specialty contractor is the perfect person to these projects. but, before you choose a contractor, you should first know just exactly what is a contractor.
what to look for in a contractor
a general contractor is a licensed professional accredited to perform construction-related activities in a certain jurisdiction. there are different types of contracting licenses that let you only do small renovation work to building hundred-story skyscrapers. make sure your contractor is licensed and has an active contractors surety bond to do the type of work you are looking to do. if you want to build a brand new house from the ground up, make sure they have the license to do just that.
if you know you are going to have many different aspects and trades going on in your house flipping or home renovation projects at once; you will probably want to hire a general contractor to help you organize your whole project. on the other hand, if you only need help with one specialty trade – like electrician work – you can hire that specialty contractor directly yourself, so long as it is for your project.
the following is what consider on how to hire the right contractor:
an important factor to consider is the amount of experience a contractor has in the type of work you are looking to have them do. a mechanical subcontractor who has worked only on office buildings in your area for more than 20 years might not necessarily be a better choice than a mechanical subcontractor who has only worked on homes for five years. you also want a contractor with knowledge specific to your location.
another important factor to look for is to see if the contract is responsible and responsive. that means a contractor should respond to your all of your questions and requests within a timely manner and respond with an answer that makes sense. even though this sounds pretty simple, not all contractors can do that.
if they cannot respond in a professional manner, your project probably will not run professionally. when you are asking contractors for proposals for their work, you should have a rough estimate of how much it is going to cost and roughly how long it is going to take. if you hear back from a contractor with costs and durations that are either much higher and longer or much less and shorter, this probably means they did not understand the scope of work involved with your project.
finally, and probably most importantly, get everything in writing. having a written contract with the contractor that puts into writing everything you want them to do and everything you do not want them to do is critical if something goes wrong with your project or if you want to change something with your contract.
put important and obvious things in your contracts like the schedule and the budget so everyone knows what you are expecting from the hired help. also, put not so obvious things in the contract so if something unexpected does occur you are prepared for it. do not hide information from your contractor. the more information they know, they better they will be able to serve your needs.



author infoposted on january 16, 2016december 28, 2016categories home improvementtags bonds 








			search for:		



		search	

categories

business

hair

home improvement

music




recent posts


the benefits of bathtub refinishing


how to hire an seo agency


how to increase your hair length with extensions


gotham has you covered


how to hire the right contractor


tags
bonds


 



california music and business blog | gotham rec.

					proudly powered by wordpress				






