






brown metals company - stainless steel strip - stainless steel coil - stainless steel sheet - beryllium copper strip - 300 series - 17-7 - c17200







































  


(909) 484-3124


search







x

homeabout uscompany bio inventory listingproducts & servicesstock list pdfproducts & servicesinventory listingservices and capabilitiesstock list pdftechnical infoalloy info & tech sheetsask a technical questioncomplianceinventory listingstock list pdfcalculatormetric calculatorrockwell hardness calculatortensile/yield calculator (mpa to psi)weight/length calculatorrequest for quotecustomer servicecredit applicationcomplianceemail alert sign upinventory listingrequest for quotesurcharge listingstock list pdfw9 / tax id requestholiday schedulecontact usask a technical questiondirections to bmcemail alert sign upinventory listingphone & address inforequest for quotestock list pdf








  




inventory
with the country's largest inventory of light gauge stainless steel, brown metals can fill your order to your exact specifications in a week or less. from just a few pounds to thousands of pounds, we can get you the material you need right on time and just the way you need it. let brown metals take care of your stainless steel needs with our incredible selection of light gauge stainless steel.
 
 
 





custom sheet
sometimes, coil just doesn't cut it and you need sheet. at brown metals, we do everything to your desired needs. 24" x 120"? only if that's what you really want. do you really need 5" x 14.280"? sure, we can do that or any other dimensions you prefer. don't settle for "standard sheet" when you really need custom sheet. and by the way, we make it more cost effective by doing it your way!
 
 
 





packaging
custom sizes also need custom packaging. we package our products to your specifications to ensure safe delivery to your facility. custom box or skid sizes are standard at brown metals. we package the way you want at no extra cost. this is just a way we contribute to a lower overall cost in your production.
 
 
 
 





wide coil
at brown metals, we bring most of our inventory in at 36" wide. some light gauges are only available at 24". please inquire with us regarding your precise needs. brown metals provides wide coil for your most difficult applications. whether you are in the stencil industry,making bellows or just have an application that needs wide, flat stock, brown metals can supply exactly what you need. don't settle for "commercial quality" when brown metals can deliver the best quality in the country at the most competitive price.





slitting
you need it how narrow? you need an extremely tight tolerance? why have you not contacted us sooner? brown metals is the industry leader in light gauge slit coil. no company has more experienced slitter operators than brown metals. extreme tight tolerances are our specialty. do you need +/- 001” on your width? well, it’s more than likely we can meet your needs. give us a call or send us an email with your next inquiry.
 
 


















                brown metals company: custom quality you can depend on!            



                            details                    


                    written by: super user 

                        category: uncategorised 



        published: 22 july 2014    


brown metals company specializes in supplying custom-slit thin gauge stainless steel alloys in coil and sheet form. our inventory includes 300 series (301, 302, 304, 304 stress relief annealed (sra), 304l, 305, 316, 316l, 321, tool wrap) stainless steel, 17-7, c17200 beryllium copper, c1008 / c1010 steel, and boxed shim stock. we offer thicknesses from .001" to .035" thick with slitting capabilities of widths as narrow as .020" up through 36".
brown metals company strives to create long term customer relationships by offering:

consistent high quality materials as an as9100 and iso 9001 registered company
materials meet many domestic and international compliance standards such as dfars, rohs, & reach
the largest thin gauge stainless steel inventory on the west coast
specialty items like:

302 / 304 stress relief annealed (sra)  material for stencil & etching applications
type 304 & 321 stainless steel tool wrap
boxed shim stock in low carbon steel and stainless steel


value added services such as slitting, cut-to-length, edge conditioning & oscillate winding
accessibility, from 5:00 am to 5:00 pm pacific time
near 100% on time deliveries, most orders shipping in a week or less
extensive experience in the core production/leadership team areas
technical knowledge of products we carry, including up-to-date ams & astm specifications
excellent shipping rates within the continental 48 states
using our material, our customers manufacture:

laser/chemical etching products
precision screens and stencils
laser welded tubing
stampings, gaskets, washers, springs, fabricated parts, shims, name plates and many more










 






blog



brown metals company and conflict minerals

  people on our planet have faced conflict for a very long time and these conflicts come in a wide variety. conflicts exist between countries, regions and people. a large percentage of the human population is totally unaware of the majority of conflicts...


read more...







cut-to-length shearing is just one service we offer our customers

  with over one million pounds of inventory on hand at any given time, our customers obviously have a lot to choose from. being able to offer our customers smaller quantities of materials is a service we take pride in. we realize each and every customer...   


read more...






brown metals company is environmentally friendly

  keeping our environment safe is now a concern that many businesses and industries face on a global scale. the old days of large industrial businesses dumping nasty contaminants into the earth needs to stop and here at brown metals company...


read more...








© 1997-2024, brown metals company - an iso 9001 registered company.


terms of use | privacy policy 
website developed and marketed by crest media inc.






