




rune's furniture | worthington and southwest minnesota furniture store















    


skip to main content




questions or ready to buy today? click to email or call (507) 376-6145the #1 lazyboy selection in the tri-state, only at rune’s furniture!
















search























                        location_on
                    


come visit us!


rune's furniture & mattress
106 eleventh streetworthington, mn 56187
(507) 376-6145



get directions





account_circle




search





search
















our store


sign in




























































furniturefor every roombedroomliving roommattressdining roomhome officeentertainmentaccessoriesfree local deliveryenjoy free local delivery with no minimum purchase required! get your favorite items delivered right to your door at no extra cost.see our delivery policiesfinancing optionsflexible financing options through synchrony home credit card. customers can enjoy 12 to 60 months of promotional financing on qualifying purchases.see financing optionscontact uswhether you have questions about our products, need assistance with an order, or just want to chat about your home décor needs, our friendly team is ready to assistreach out todayserving worthington, mn for more than 50 yearsrune's furniture is one of the finest independently owned and operated furniture stores in the upper midwest. our store is located on the corner of 11th st and 1st ave in worthington, mn at 106 11th street.about us







 






don’t miss out on deals & new releases





submitting...







contact notes - required*

do you agree to the terms of service?





















rune's furniture features a great selection of sofas, sectionals, recliners, chairs, leather furniture, custom upholstery, beds, mattresses, dressers, nightstands, dining sets, kitchen storage, office furniture, entertainment and can help you with your home design and decorating. rune's furniture offers great quality furniture, at a low price to the worthington and southwest minnesota furniture store area.
information accuracy - we have taken great care to provide you with information that is accurate and useful. please notify us if you find an error and we will do our best to correct it. we ask that you contact us directly to confirm information about pricing, color, features, dimensions, availability and lead times.
nothing on this page may be copied or reproduced without explicit permission.







site powered by furnituredealer.net © 2006 - 2025 furnituredealer.net, inc., all rights reserved.


privacy policy
accessibility statement
do not sell my personal information























