


true & free 101 christian dating advice for christian singles in
courting relationship




















 
       
      christian
dating reviews|
      comparison  |
  
      

  



 

recommended >   eharmony
- christian
cafe - 

































top pick




eharmony
$19.95/m 
money back guarantee!






christian cafe
$7.33/m 
free 10 days trial!
















 






free & true 101 christian
dating advice for christian singles dating by the book!



where
better to find free christian dating advice than in
the bible? more powerful than any christian dating guide and tips, the
bible is filled with much wisdom, able to transform you into the most
attractive person from the inside out! 
it is
extremely sad and limiting if your idea of christian dating is
influenced by some man made christian dating rules or if you are merely
looking for someone who call himself or herself a christian. and if you
have been going from one christian dating services to another hoping to
find the soul mate whom you have been praying for, you are most likely
jumping ahead of yourself. 
the one
thing i fear most for many christian singles i meet today, is not only
when they date an unbeliever, but it's also when they date somone who
call themselves christians who have a form of godliness but lack the
power thereof. as my pastor put it, they have an external form of
religiousity, but no presence and power of god in their daily walk,
devoid of the holy spirit's fire and power! 

...having a form of godliness but denying
its power. have
nothing to do with them. - 2 timonthy 3:5 (niv) 


 




 " hi i just
wanted to thank you for this site. your site really helped me
crystallize a few things and a few questions i had that i had.
i'm 17 and i made out with my first boyfriend, and was sorta
disappointed when he started hinting at oral sex the next day... i told
him i didn't want anything more than kissing before marraige... but i
was dismayed because i [naively]didn't expect to find myself in this
situation, and your site really helped me crystallize my
position in setting my boundaries. thanks - i'm not sure who
else i would have asked... but god put this site in my hands."




- paula w




 " dear shei,
how refreshing to read your insight. my experiences with any dating
sites are limited..but also found that men usually don't want an
uncompromising woman..surely a christian that doesn't fit "their"
definition of what a godly woman in christ is..i am very interested in
all you have to share.
thank you and so does god.
in his ever abiding love.. " 



- katrina












 




















christian
dating advice is sorely lacking online and yet many christian singles
today are using online
christian dating services to find their life partner. many
are of ill equipped to handle marriage
crisis and with the rising tide of divorce statistics even
amongst christian marriages, we need the counsel of godly and sound
christian dating advice and the holy spirit ever more. 
as a
christian dating single, you need to understand the causes for failure
and the essentials in your partner such as their personality
traits, character
traits, mental
health and most important than these, their walk with god for
            marriage
success, you need not end up among those divorce statistics. 
most
christians take advice on dating advice from friends instead of the
word of god. i trust that the only reason why you are searching for
christian dating is because you are hoping for a christian marriage
eventually because all the information you will find on this site will
teach you and show you in the direction of god glorifying christian
marriage. 
i have
brought together many issues that most frequently haunt christian
singles. this site represents more than twenty years' experience with
thousands of persons approaching marriage. 
they may
not all be pertinent to you yet, but they are sure to include many of
the fundamentals christian dating advice that will lead you to a good
start. not all of these issues have answers. there aren't any yes-or-no
answers to many of life's biggest questions. 






























| about | home | sitemap | privacy policy | 













