













california lemon law lawyers, attorney, lawyer, attorneys - car attorney | california's lemon law litigation firm


















      skip to main content
    








 888 536 6628 hablamos español 





 review my case






 
 
 
 








search









englishespañol



























englishespañol






search










homefirm overviewfirm overviewwhy choose usour firm/philosophyattorney profilesrobert b. mobasseridavid a. cooperon staff auto expertsthe lemon lawlemon vehiclescar, truck, and suv lemon lawmotorcycle lemon lawrv lemon lawboat lemon lawsmall plane lemon lawverdicts/settlementstypes of fraudrewritten contract / backdatingodometer fraud / rollback fraudundisclosed flood damageundisclosed previous executive or demonstrator vehicleundisclosed lemon law buybackundisclosed gray market vehiclecontract not in language negotiatedpayment packing / deal packingyo-yo financing / spot delivery fraud / conditional delivery scamtestimonialsblogcontactlos angelessan josesanta barbaratorrancewestlake villagesan franciscosan bernardinosan diegobakersfieldirvineoaklandsacramento




social icons mobile


 
 
 
 






       







 call us now hablamos español 









  








experience you can trust
20 years representing thousands of clients throughout california
99% success rate | no recovery = no fee









get a free case evaluation | fast, easy, & stress-free
fast, easy, & stress-free








 review my case












do you have a lemon?
do you have a lemon?




have you had multiple repair attempts?


have you had repeated problems?


did your problems start under a warranty?


if you answered yes to any of these questions, you may be entitled to your money back.
we can help!
speak with an attorney 



free case review


name



phone



email



vehicle product
vehicle/product *auto lemon lawacuraalfa romeoaston martinaudibentleybmwbuickcadillacchevroletchryslerdodgeferrarifiskerfordgmchondahummerhyundaiinfinitiisuzujaguarjeepkialamborghiniland roverlexuslincolnlotusmaseratimaybachmazdamclarenmercedes-benzmercuryminimitsubishinissanpeugeotpontiacporscherolls-roycesaabsaturnscionsmartsubarusuzukiteslatoyotavolkswagenvolvoboat lemon lawalbemarlealbinalumacraftazimutbajabavariabaylinerbeneteaubertramboston whalerc&ccabocarolina skiffcarvercatalinacenturychaparralchris-craftcobaltcontendercranchicrestlinercrownlinecruiserscruisers yachtscustomdonzidoraldufouregg harborelanfairlineferrettifisherformulafountainfountaine pajotfour winnsg3glastrongrady-whitegrand banksgrand soleilhallberg-rassyhansehatterashunterhurricanehydra-sportsj boatsjeanneaulagoonlarsonloweluhrslundmainshipmakomastercraftmaxummeridianmontereymoodynitrooceanpearsonpershingprincesspro-linepursuitrangerregalregulatorrinkerrivarivierarobalosea foxsea raysealineseaswirlsilvertonskeeterstarcraftstingraysun trackersunseekertahoetiaratollycrafttrackertritontrojantrophyvikingwellcraftmotorcycle lemon lawamerican eagleamerican iron horseapriliabuellducatiharley davidsonindiankawasakiktmsusukititantriumphtwin eaglevictoryyamaharv lemon lawalfaalpinecountry coachfleetwoodgulf streamitascamonaconational rvpolarisprevosttravel supremewinnebago


zip code



additional information box




 captcha
this question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.


math question
8 + 7 =


      solve this simple math problem and enter the result. e.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
    




terms-section



terms




* i have read and understand that no attorney-client relationship will be established by the use of this site or by sending in this form.







button-section







by submitting this form, i authorize law offices of robert mobasseri and its assigns to contact me via email, phone, or sms using automatic telephone technology. i understand that i may opt out of these communications at any time.
 















 













areas of practice
areas
of practice


 
new cars


 
used cars


 
boats


 
motorcycles


 
motorhomes


 
small planes


 
trucks


 
appliances


 
unavailable parts


 
electronics





review my case now













 










12 offices throughout california
12 offices in california



 bakersfield
 irvine
 los angeles 
 oakland
 sacramento
 san bernardino 
 san diego
 san francisco
 san jose
 santa barbara
 torrance
 westlake village



find an office near you 









 



call us now! | 888 536 6628 hablamos español
call us now hablamos español








why choose us?

we have a 99% success rate on our cases


we've recovered millions of dollars for our clients


win or lose, you won’t ever get a bill from us







types of fraud




odometer fraud /
rollback fraud
altering an odometer, failing to report that an odometer has been changed or repaired or falsifying documentation regarding an odometer's mileage is against the law.


rewritten contract /
backdating
if a dealership asks you to sign a new contract, the date of the new contract may not be backdated to the date of the original contract, even if you sign an acknowledgment of rewritten contract.




undisclosed flood damage
flood damage reduces a vehicle's value and over time corrodes the electrical system causing components and systems to eventually fail including safety features. vehicle flood damage must be disclosed prior to a sale.


undisclosed previous executive or demonstrator vehicle
executive vehicles and demonstrators, sometimes referred to as a "demo," "brass hat" or "program" car must have the vehicle's prior use clearly and conspicuously disclosed.




undisclosed lemon law buyback
vehicles that were repurchased by a manufacturer or dealership for any defect under the ca lemon law must be branded and disclosed as a "lemon law buyback".


undisclosed gray market vehicle
vehicles that were not manufactured for sale in the united states may not be covered by manufacturer's warranties and must be disclosed as a "gray market vehicle" prior to being sold.




contract not in language negotiated
when a negotiation to purchase or lease a vehicle is primarily in the spanish, chinese, tagalog, vietnamese or korean language, then the buyer of the vehicle is entitled to a translation of the contract and buyer's guide in the negotiated language prior to signing any agreements.


payment packing / deal packing
a dealer cannot quote a higher monthly payment than a vehicle sells or leases for, and then misrepresent an offer to add free or discounted items to a vehicle’s contract in order to keep the inflated profit.




yo-yo financing / spot delivery fraud / conditional delivery scam
california dealer fraud occurs when a buyer is allowed to take possession of a vehicle after the dealer and buyer have agreed upon the terms of the vehicle's purchase or lease agreement including the down payment, bank rate, length of payments and an accepted trade-in, but later the dealership falsely claims that a lender is requesting that the terms of the contract need to change or that the buyer will have to return the vehicle


 
 










 

 what our clients think 



center bmw, bmw certified pre-owned warranty, lemon lawthere aren't enough words to describe how grateful i am for finding this firm! robert and david are amazing. after interviewing a couple of attorneys i realized they were the most honest and dedicated attorneys that truly cared about their clients. i would recommend this firm to anyone. i had a ...
lemon law burbank mercedes sl550robert was great. very knowledgeable and professional. i highly recommend him and his offices.
after getting the runaround from mercedes and their dealerships, i gave robert a call on the recommendation of a friend. i told him that mercedes had told me that my car wasn't a lemon and even ...
lemon law, encino, mercedes-benz sl65dear robert,
i wanted to take the time to thank you and your firm for all the hard work and successful outcome we received for my case with mercedes benz of north america.
as you know, even though my case was very clear-cut and strong, i could not believe the very difficult time ...
lemon law, pasadena, bentleyhaving been told by several attorneys that i did not have a case because "on paper," my bentley was purchased in oregon, i called the lemon law auto fraud law firm at the insistence of a friend who kept telling me how good these guys were. i couldn't be happier with this firm, or how they ...






recent settlements




new car lemon law…  $107,000
used car lemon law… $39,447.42
lemon law, downey,… $92,000
lemon law, pasaden… $95,000
mira motors, servi… $18,977.20
dealer fraud, mali… $11,658.56

















888 536 6628 hablamos español
call us now hablamos español





 review my case





 send us an email





 chat with us














englishespañol



footer menu



show — footer menu
hide — footer menu


why choose us


verdicts/settlements


testimonials


contact





 




search


















 



disclaimer: the following lemon law information has been compiled from various public sources. it is presented online for informational use only, and without warranty as to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. this site does not replace any official versions of the information presented, nor does use of this information constitute an attorney- client relationship. it is always recommended that you do not make any decisions about any legal matter without first consulting an attorney to ensure that all of your rights are protected, as well as to find out if your vehicle meets the established lemon law criteria for your state. by providing my phone number to the law offices of robert mobasseri, i agree and acknowledge that the law offices of robert mobasseri may send text messages to my wireless phone number for any purpose. message and data rates may apply. we will only send one sms as a reply to you, and you will be able to opt-out by replying “stop”. for more information on how your data will be handled, please visit our privacy policy link below.


copyright © 2024 | all rights reserved lemonlawautofraud.com
privacy policy
disclaimer
sitemap


política de privacidad
exención de responsabilidad
mapa del sitio








































































