


mares and company and maresware for computer forensic software 





















d. mares and maresware






 


   


















 





 featuring







 
    home

blocked e_mails 
what's new
software

 



 reference




 about us 
faq's
articles
resources 
 



 our company





legal
 notices 

contact us 

blocked e_mails 

my family

new house

furniture 













            anti-virus users know this. most downloadable programs are in .exe (executable) format. 
            some anti-virus programs will require you to explicity allow the dmares.com domain to 
            allow download of executables. if you can't do that, let me know, and i'll get you a 
            zipped version. but if you can't get your anti-virus to exclude a domain, get a new 
            anti-virus.
            








 
 









 

live free or
vote dumb-o-crat 


9-11 commenorative  flag 




in loving memory of my wonderful wife, brenda (1948-2012). 
her favorite poems
rainbow bridge poem

       
peace of wild things





the next 4 hour ksu tool testing seminar is being scheduled. check back frequently. 
send my an email dm @ dmares.com and i'll remind you of the schedule.
check this 
link 

for info. of the session, and a direct link to the ksu reference .






the software is supplied as is with no warranty of usability, reliability or correctness.
it will be the users resonsibility to determine if the software meets their needs. 
appropriate acknowledgment is appreciated.



virus checkers:
when downloading any of the executables, please turn off your virus checking. many virus checkers, including: microsoft, vipre and others have a nasty habit of
blocking the exe's from downloading. it is funny, that micorosft compiler builds the exe, but microsoft os won't download it. just a note. 
virus checkers:


 articles 

our software doesn't contain bugs. its just operationally challenged. 

remember: the software is command line not gui. so brush up on your typing skills.


take a look below, or the articles on the  articles page. 
and test your software and processes to see if it is really forensically sound.


read them in the order they are listed here.

catalog files  a preliminary article describing why i conducted all these tests.
inventory/catalog files  creating an inventory of evidentiary files
forensic file copying  article tests over 40 "forensic" file copiers
forensic hashing  article tests over 30 "forensic" hash programs. 
zip-it for forensic retention  article test a few zipping programs and 
zip_it_take2  more tests for your zipping capabilities.
zip_it_hashes   an unscientific discussion of container hash values.
match file hashes  demonstrates hash matches using maresware.
a hash software buffet   how-to use maresware hash software
nsrl md5's  a short description of my restructured nsrl md5 data set.
a crude timeline   analysis batch file using maresware software

take a look at the most popular forensic programs:
sample data links to sample data 
(including some (complete, android and ios) 
"massaged" nsrl data files") for testing your software.  
diskcat catalog files on disk.  
     download the exe. 
hash hash (md5 & sha's) files on disk.  
     download the exe.
md5  md5 and sha hash files on disk & can
        match hash against suspect hashes  
     download the exe. 
eml_process process eml headers.  
     download the exe.
 upcopy reliable forensic file copy.  
     download the exe. 



x-ways meta processing. for those using true 
   forensic software.  
     download the exe.



direct links to software and help pages
files a-c  |  
files d-f  |  
files g-k 
files l-o  |  
files p-s  |  
files t-z






many of the programs are available in linux format also. check the listings 
ie: files d-f link, for the linux version. if you don't see a linux version, contact 
me, as it may be available, just not on the web site. all linux versions 
operate as near as possible to their windows version. so outputs can be 
merged.


the software and respective help files are available from the various information pages.
follow the alphabetical links at the bottom of each page to the specific program. there 
you will find links to the html help files and the exe downloads (if the exe if available).

 the software is supplied as is with no warranty of usability, reliability or
correctness. it will be the users resonsibility to determine if the software meets their
needs.


if you have problems with the software, please don't hesitate to email me for assistance. 
but first take a look at any restrictions that microsoft may have instituted which may 
keep the program from being fully functional. ie: administrator privilege.



this page last updated: 1/22/2025
top
 






 



live free or

 vote dumb-o-crat  


9-11 commenorative  flag 





in loving memory of my wonderful wife, brenda (1948-2012). 

her favorite poems
rainbow bridge poem
       
peace of wild things




a challenge  
tool testing session to see if your hash, copy, zip software passes the test.
 


todays software special
read it while its hot






lets talk file cataloging with diskcat, or creating an inventory of the files in your
evidence tree.

whenever you seize evidence isn't creating an inventory of the seized items a primary operation? so, when seizing computer
evidence in preparation of a forensic exam you might consider creating an inventory or catalog of those files which are
located on the suspect computer and thus seized as evidence. yes/no?? 



if so, lets create an evidence catalog; a list of files in the tree. or as i call it, diskct, for disk cataloging. for
this operation consider using the diskcat
  program.



the diskcat program is specially designed to find and list all the files (or only user selected file types, ie: *.doc
 *.txt, *jpg etc.) within the specified directory trees. notice i said trees not tree. because on the command line you can
 point it to a number (up to 10) of directories to search and thus create a catalog or listing of all the files contained
 within the directory trees.

 

the output can be customized to include any or all three (mac) file times; find files based on file time or file size;
full path, drive serial number and label, a user specified identifier to uniquely identify this suspect computer from the
other suspect computer(s) in the listing, any ntfs alternate data streams; and other stuff. (thats a technical term). 



the output contains delimited fields, sample here, for easy import to your favorite spreadsheet; 




comment | path      |size|attr  |   cdate  | ctime       | tz| serial # | disk label 
susepct1|c:\password|  60|arh...|2020/01/01|07:34:56:789c|gmt| 7ef7-17fc| drive_c




if you want to see more software special summaries, click here





what's new: don't let the age fool you.  this software gets better with age, like me.


(12/2020) upcopy,  
added --retry on -h hash/network errors.


(7/2019) touchme,  
linux clone to change any mac date/time.


(6/2019) upcopy,  
   hash,  
   diskcat,  all 
updated to be able to put unicode filenames to log files.  (--unicode=unilog option)


(4/2019) upcopy,  
 can now not only identify alternate data streams, but can export them to "normal" files.  (--adsextract options)


(6/2018) verticle. a
program to reprocess "horizontal" delimeted records and reform 
it so that each field becomes a new line. easy reading for inclusion into narrative reports.


(4/2018) md5. md5 updated 
to match md5 and all sha values against provided file.

(3/2017) url_srch. added 
capability to find ipv6 standard format. url_srch finds files that contain
ip addresses, e-mail addresses, and url formats. it then provides a list of those files
for the user to act upon. 


(7/2012) eml_process. a program to parse .eml 
files and extract header metadata to a delimeted file for easy spreadsheet import. get 
the .exe file

 

today rant
those wooden flags you see above are given to persons and organizations i think would appreciate them and what they stand for.
over the past year i have given these flags to two national news persons and another tv personality who routinely advertise good
intentions on tv. of all these individuals, only one has even responded to the receipt of the item. that goes to show, even the
most sincere tv personalities may not be what they show publicly. 


 











  |  
home 
 |  
whats new

|  
about us  |  
faq's  |  
articles  |  
resources  |  
legal notices  |  
contact us  | 


|  

files a-c  |  
files d-f  |  
files g-k  |  
files l-o  |  
files p-s  |  
files t-z  | 


 |  
software |  
data analysis software
 |  
forensic processing software 
 |  
linux processing software 
 | 

 
 copyright © 1998-2025 by dan mares


 




