





roland stafford golf schools - golf instruction school - new york, florida

























 






 

“golf schools that teach rhythm and tempo. its brilliance is its simplicity.”


800.447.8894




















 







home roland stafford golf professionals  locations & rates teaching method short game of golf golfing abilities women’s schools parent/child schools golf school day video lessons corporate golf sweet shot discount student testimonials gift certificates golf links golf tips archive contact us 

receive notice of our golf school events and specials



first name





last name





email address














follow us

 


 



the hallmark of the roland stafford golf schools has long been their unique yet simple teaching method of golf instruction created by the golf school’s namesake, roland stafford. roland’s musical talents and golf abilities together culminated in his success as a player, and evolved into his golf instruction methodology that has been benefiting students of the game for over thirty-eight years. rhythm and tempo are critical elements of his teaching methodology. it is hard not to love the teaching method. its brilliance is its simplicity, which in turn breeds confidence in players and allows them their best game on the golf course. experienced golf professionals have the communication skills and the knowledge to present this method clearly and simply to you. they apply lots of personal attention and work within the parameters of each individual. improve your game in a 1, 2, 3 or 4-day golf school at our resort locations in new york or at our winter home in southeast florida.
“roland had the good fortune of being in the arena with the best players in the world.  obviously, this experience is invaluable in teaching the game of golf. i hope his ideas are passed on to as many golfers as possible at all levels of play.”...gary player, pga tour
“it was an honor to have been chosen to work with the golf instructors from the united states military academy at west point. as golf professionals, we had fun working with already talented golfers to improve not only their individual games but their teaching skills and techniques through the exchange of ideas and golf teaching tips.  i’m sure the cadets will benefit from our experience with their instructors.”…susan stafford, golf professional





 
susan stafford with the west point physical education instructors, september 2018 and 2023.








resort locations


windham country club, windham ny
deer creek golf club deerfield beach fl




2025 upcoming specials


women's schools
3-day midweek
june 2-4; june 16-18; july 14-16; aug 4-6;  sept 15-17
2-day weekend
june 7-8; june 21-22; july 12-13; aug 9-10; sept 13-14

parent/child specials kids come at 1/2 price 2-day weekend
june 14-15; july 26-27; aug 9-10




pricing incentives
pay by cash or check and save 3% off entire package.


bring your own foursome and the fourth comes for free. two-day school save $698.
frequent golfer discounts "sweet shot" for repeats
free on-line golf instruction


 800.447.8894 outside us: 518.734.5424






 




home | roland stafford golf schools | our golf instructors | location & rates | golf teaching method  women’s golf schools | school day | short game | abilities | golf instruction book and video | corporate  parent and child (golf school for kids)  | sweet shot | video lessons |  testimonials | gift certificates golf links | women’s class pictures  | parent child class pictures |  golf tips archive | sitemap | contact us








  

 

 



 









