




mirror lake state park visitor guide































































skip to main content






twitterfacebookpinterestinstagramyoutubetumblr

 








home
park information 

fees
camping
activities
cabin in the woods
seth peterson cottage
accessible fishing pier
pets


private campgrounds
area lodging 

hotels & motels
cottages, cabins & vacation homes
bed & breakfast inns


events
gallery
search










 

























 












welcome to mirrorlakewisconsin.com! mirror lake state park covers over 2000 acres and is just three miles south-west of wisconsin dells. sandstone bluffs surround half of the lake which offers excellent fishing, swimming and canoeing, kayaking and birdwatching opportunities. you’ll also enjoy wooded campsites, picnic areas, a boat landing, and miles of biking, hiking and cross-country ski trails.
rocky arbor state park is managed by mirror lake and is located within a mile and a half of wisconsin dells. rocky arbor offers over eighty wooded campsites, while pine trees and sandstone bluffs offer a cool escape to the picnicker or hiker in this summer park.



click here for campground & reservation information.



stay busy in and around the park. click here!



find local hotels & resorts! click here.









 skillet creek bloghow to save money on wisconsin state park admission february 3, 2025devil’s lake’s tourism glory days january 23, 2025candlelight hikes coming up january 13, 2025friday notes: december 27, 2024 december 27, 2024snow! friday update december 20, 2024featured sponsor   
more sponsors 
al's fox hill rv park & campground
baraboo hills campground
vertical adventures








reserve a campsite at mirror lake sp today!
reserve now!






park locationdirections
park map
 

more to explore!devilslakewisconsin.com
skillet creek photography
 

about this websiteadvertise here
skillet creek media
 

contact the park mirror lake state park
e10320 fern dell rd.
baraboo wi, 53913
phone: 608-254-2333
 







	© copyright skillet creek media  - all rights reserved.  (not associated with the wisconsin dnr in any way.)
terms of use
 











back to top

×close search

search


search


submit
 

×














