


















portfolio management research









      skip to main content
    









 






 

main navigation
topicsall topicsportfolio management in theory and practicerisk management in theory and practicequantitative financeregulation, taxation, governance, and complianceeconomics and financial historyasset classesjournalsall journalsthe journal of portfolio management the journal of investing the journal of alternative investmentsthe journal of financial data sciencethe journal of impact and esg investing  the journal of fixed income the journal of wealth managementthe journal of retirement the journal of derivatives the journal of beta investment strategiesthe journal of structured financethe journal of private markets investing the journal of tradingpractical applicationscollectionstop picksmorevideosawardsjpm 50thexpertssubmit an articlepromotional opportunitiesbecome a memberfaqsabout us










 my account

request a demo






menu





























research that powers allocation decisions 




the latest financial thinking, curated and peer-reviewed to deliver confidence
















        topic
    
all topicsportfolio management in theory and practicerisk management in theory and practicequantitative financeregulation, taxation, governance, and complianceeconomics and financial historyasset classes

        search our articles
    

search search

selected topic: 













 














topics




browse our content by topic to discover expertise. we deliver more than 12,000 articles covering 60 investment disciplines. we’re adding new content daily to help you stay current, get the latest ideas, and shape your conviction.







topics parents

                  portfolio management in theory and practice
                  risk management in theory and practice
                  quantitative finance
                  regulation, taxation, governance, and compliance
                  economics and financial history
                  asset classes
















practical applications




quickly implement key research with our weekly practical applications—short reports that bridge the gap between theory and practice. we select our most technical published research and distill it down to the central concepts and practical takeaways. ideal for highlighting the most actionable findings, they are simply presented and easy to digest.






                all practical applications
                
  





 













top picks


      your essential reading list. each month we hand-pick the most noteworthy and trending research from across the industry to keep you current with what’s popular, topical, and thought-provoking. if you read nothing else—read these.
    







goal parity

maxim golts and gregory c. jones
the journal of investing, february 2025








ethical ai in asset management: frameworks for transparency, compliance, and trust

manish chakrabarti, frank j. fabozzi, arpit narain, and anil sood
the journal of financial data science, winter 2025








agent investing: a constructive approach

jarrod wilcox, william zieff, and stephen satchell
the journal of portfolio management, february 2025






          all top picks
          
  













videos




watch our contributing editors, authors, and practitioners discuss the latest innovations in the investment management industry.








conversations with frank and robert schwartz
join frank fabozzi as he embarks on relaxed discussions with some of the industry's most renowned practitioners.



theory meets practice: measuring liquidity
touch base with leading investors, researchers, and investment executives in these virtual panel discussions.



industry voices: meir statman
meet top academics and practitioners in these one-to-one interviews, webcasts, and panel-led conversations. 




            all videos
            
  
















 journals




over 50 years, many trailblazing investment ideas have evolved on the pages of our 13 unique titles, including the world’s first index mutual fund, the sharpe ratio, the black-scholes model, and the concept of goals-based investing.






                all journals
                
  





 

















experts




our contributors are some of the industry’s most notable experts, including multiple nobel laureates and leading financial practitioners. they deliver expertise with a diversity of views and approaches to help you build portfolios with more discernment, certainty, and awareness.








 


andrew w. lo


        andrew w. lo is the charles e. and susan t. harris professor at the mit sloan school of management, the director of mit’s laboratory for financial engineering, a principal investigator at mit’s computer science and artificial intelligence lab, and an exte
      



 


gueorgui konstantinov


        gueorgui s. konstantinov is a senior portfolio manager of fixed-income and currencies at lbbw asset and wealth management.
      



 


marcos lopez de prado


        winner of multiple scientific awards, marcos is professor of practice at cornell university and global head of quantitative research and development at the abu dhabi investment authority.
      



 


robert f. engle


        robert engle, the michael armellino professor of finance at new york university stern school of business, was awarded the 2003 nobel prize in economics for his research on the concept of autoregressive conditional heteroskedasticity (arch).
      



 


william f. sharpe, ph.d.


        nobel prize winner, renowned for developing the sharpe ratio and the capital asset pricing model, dr. sharpe is stanco 25 professor of finance, emeritus at stanford university's graduate school of business.
      





            all experts
            
  




















 



part of the with intelligence group about contact 








locations



new york

41 madison avenue20th floornew york, ny 10010646 931 9045


london

one london walllondon, ec2y 5ea0207 139 1600


hong kong

21/f cityplaza three,14 taikoo wan road,taikoo




explore our research


by topic
portfolio management in theory and practicequantitative financeeconomics and financial historyrisk management in theory and practiceasset classesregulation, taxation, governance, and compliance

by journal
portfolio managementfinancial data scienceimpact & esg investingfixed incomeinvestingderivativesalternative investmentsretirementwealth managementbeta investment strategiesstructured financetradingprivate equitypractical applications














© 2025 with intelligence ltd | all material subject to strictly enforced copyright laws.






footer bottom
cookiescode of ethicsterms & conditionsprivacy policy


















