








lbi homes for sale, summer rentals on long beach island jersea realty











































































 skip to main navigation skip to content skip to footer

jersea realtysales & summer rentalshome
our team
communities

barnegat light
beach haven
harvey cedars
long beach township
ship bottom
surf city


buyers

email update signup
mortgage calculator
lbi map search
basic search
search by listing id
search by address


sellers

free cma


blog
contact
searchclose 











buying or selling ? we’re here to help.
we know long beach island. we live here, we work here, we own businesses here and we gathered resources to help you.
or give us a call at 609-492-1666 to discuss your lbi real estate goals and needs.




home search
use our search tool to find your lbi dream home. it's waiting for you.



property value
receive a free, no obligation valuation of your home based on market trends.

 





 


 





newest listings delivered every day
enter your name and email to sign up for listings sent to your inbox as soon as they hit the market. it’s free and there’s no obligation.
already have an account? login to manage your account.


 











exclusive agency for callan & moeller construction





map search



advanced search

 





newest lbi listings



 



contact us today!
jersea realty
1415 long beach blvd.
ship bottom, nj 08008
office: 609-492-1666
fax: 609-492-1699


lbi homes for sale
barnegat light
beach haven 
harvey cedars
long beach township
ship bottom
surf city

© 2025 · jesea realty
the data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from jersea realty participation in the idx /broker reciprocity program of the jersey shore multiple listing service, l.l.c. the information has been provided by ocean county board of realtors®, inc. real estate listings held by other brokerage firms are identified with the seller's representative. information deemed reliable but not guaranteed. this information is being provided for consumers' personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing.
terms of use - privacay policy


log in













