










home - bethel area chamber of commerce


























































  

















please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibilityskip to content















visitor info





chamber info



















(207) 824-2282 
















































 
where to staywhere to eatwhat to dowhere to shop mountain moneyservices real estate & relocation services for home & business health & wellness nonprofit organizationslocal governmentvisit bethel weddings & events arts & culture weather in bethel visit maine getting here winter shuttle visitors’ guidedealscalendar of events view calendar volunteer submit an eventabout bethel business directory education town offices churches & worship history news snowpeople jobs in the bethel areaflood relief resources








 







 





welcome to the area of






bethel, maine






bethel | greenwood | newry | woodstock | albany twp. | andover | gilead | hanover | milton twp.





















visitors' guide


visitors’ guide 
 














what to do


what to do 
 














events


events 
 














map


map 
 












maine’s most beautiful mountain village

















plan for a visit or plan for a lifetime






the bethel, maine area is a one-of-a-kind destination. here you’ll find top-notch outdoor recreation opportunities in all seasons. hiking, mountain biking, fishing, canoeing and kayaking, golf, and sightseeing await you in the summer. in winter, the bethel area offers some of the best alpine skiing in the east at sunday river and mt. abram, plus plenty of nordic skiing, snowshoeing, snowmobiling, and a great après ski scene. all year round, bethel offers lodging and dining for all tastes, and a small but wonderful and walkable downtown with everything you need and nothing you don’t.
hope to see you soon!
















                                where to stay                            














                                where to eat                            














                                where to shop                            














                                what to do                            














                                weddings & meetings                            














                                videos                            













view directory









































mountain money ecard - the easy way to shop and give local
give mountain money for the holidays via text, email, or print - then spend at any of 20+ locations!





learn more & purchase






























what's going on








local events







view all

















what's open






wondering about the hours of your favorite restaurants, shopping, and attractions?







what's open?










jobs






find your next employment opportunity right here in the bethel area.







browse jobs













 












© 2025 bethel area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












thank you to our cornerstone members






































































































































next
previous

















get in touch!













207.824.2282 














8 station place, bethel, me 04217











use this link to send an email to the bethel area chamber




email us 










facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram










become a member
































 © 2025 bethel area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top



















