



password recovery software. advanced office password recovery and security tools by lastbit.com










password recovery solutions





home
download
order
contact 
      us
 
about










password recovery


 
most popular:
access password recovery
excel password recovery
outlook password recovery
word password recovery
vba password recovery
office 2007-2024, 365 password recovery service

quicken password
quickbooks password

        ...more..



 security


 

multi-user password 
      manager
      ...more...


  utilities



  
 find 
      password protected documents
online password generator
      ...more...


 articles


 
password 
          recovery methods
picking 
          the right password
 
          reviewing quality of password protection in popular applications
rainbow tables
password estimation





 


password recovery and security tools




 
          guaranteed express password recovery!



recover your word and excel documents within a minute regardless of the password length!
more info


 
office 2007,2010, 2013,2016, 365
password
recovery service

our best-selling programs:


lastbit password tools
password recovery tools for word, excel, access, 
            vba, outlook, power point, onenote, act!, more...
instant guaranteed password 
            recovery for word and excel! no brute force! 


password manager
enterprise multi-user password management solution.


windows password
auditing and password recovery tool for windows 
            nt/2000/xp/2003/vista.


click here for more programs ... 


why do you need this?
      have you ever faced the problem of lost passwords? you are in 
        urgent need of that very document. you are damn lucky to find it in the 
        labyrinth of your hard drive or your company's local network. it is just 
        a double-click away...

different people call it differently – "crack password", "break 
        password" or "recover password", but these words stand for the same process 
        of password recovery. this is what a password protected document must 
        undergo to become accessible. 
 what we can offer?
you are at the right place because we have the largest collection 
        of password recovery solutions. our software and 
        services can recover passwords for most popular software products, such 
        as office or archiving software. 
available password recovery modules:


access password
organizer password


act! 
                  password 
outlook password


aol 
                  password
pdf password


 excel password
powerpoint password


 firefox 
                  password
project password


ftp password
quickbooks password


icq password
quicken password


ie content advisor password
rar password


ie autocomplete data
sha-1 password


mail password
skype password



money password
sql password


md4 password
vba password


md5 password
windows password


msn password
word password


myob password
yahoo messenger password


onenote password
zip password 



 
our most exciting technologies:
office 2007/2010/2010/2013/2016/365 cloud password recovery service
 
      password recovery for office 2007-2016 is an extremely difficult and resource-consuming 
        job. the market has just a few solutions capable of recovering passwords 
        to office 2007/2010 documents, but even among those, none can actually recover 
        a real-life, not too short password within a reasonable time span. we’d 
        like to welcome you to rent our high-performance data center to break 
        your password and thus significantly raise your chances for the success. 
        you pay for the result only; if we fail to recover your password, we will 
        refund your payment in full!  ...more info...
guaranteed password recovery service for ms access 2007
	  we can recover any password protected access 2007 (only 2007) database within 
		48 hours regardless of the password length (earlier access database 
		could be recovered instantly). ...more info...

express recovery for word and excel 2003 and earlier (classic .doc/.xls files)
        express recovery allows recovering your document within just a minute, 
        regardless of the password length! for a small extra fee, within 24 hours 
        we can also pick the original password, regardless of its length. express 
        recovery was developed the way that it would provide the greatest confidentiality 
        and privacy. you do not need to submit your entire document – just 
        a few bytes (related to the password, not to the content of the document) 
        will be transmitted to our server; we will find the encryption key and 
        return it to your computer, and your document will be decrypted on your 
        computer, what guarantees confidentiality and privacy. if the security 
        standards enforced in your company are so strict that they do not permit 
        submitting even a few bytes of data over the internet, we offer a special 
        version of the software, express recovery inhouse edition.  ...more 
        info...
octopass - distributed password recovery system
        take advantage of the computing power of all your computers 
        for running a brute force attack on a complex password. convenient, effective 
        and simple to use engine administered through the web interface.  
        ...more info...


genuine password recovery engine
        our password recovery engine is most optimized and allows utilizing 
        the full power of modern multi-cpu systems and multi-core cpus. the most 
        critical fragments of the code are written in the assembler language and 
        utilize all features of modern processors, such as sse, hyper-threading, 
        etc. a convenient wizard-based interface allows customizing password search 
        settings to make the process most productive and convenient. besides the 
        traditional brute force attack and dictionary attack, our password recovery 
        engine allows running hybrid dictionary attack (a combination of a brute 
        force attack and a dictionary attack), smart force attack (searching most 
        probable character combinations), and searching variations of specified 
        passwords to eliminate typos. users not experienced in password recovery 
        issues can take advantage of the
        automatic recovery mode, which was developed upon the analysis of thousands 
        of real passwords; the search settings are optimized to their best for 
        achieving the result within the shortest possible time, and all that doesn’t 
        require user to setup anything.

guaranteed recovery service for quicken
although our password recovery engine is fully optimized for 
        speed, password recovery for quicken is rather slow; the password recovery 
        may take a lot of time. we proudly present a special recovery method for 
        quicken. within 24 hours, we will search all most probable password variations; 
        this search is equivalent to 5 months (!) of non-stop operation of a single 
        high-end computer. this does not guarantee the success; however, it significantly 
        improves your chances. most important - we will not charge you a single 
        penny if we find that we cannot recover your password. ...more 
        info...

guaranteed pdf recovery 
       we can recover any pdf document protected with a 40-bit encryption 
        regardless of the password length. ...more 
        info...

rainbow tables (smart tables)
        rainbow tables are precompiled data tables for password recovery. we have 
        improved this recovery method essentially and now use it in our applications. 
        ...more info...

quickbooks guaranteed recovery
        our quickbooks password allows to recover password protected quickbooks 
        files instantly, regardless of the password length and strength, no brute 
        force is required. ...more info...

 full range of password recovery software
        we offer a full range of password recovery tools for all popular applications. 
        all password recovery modules are fully optimized for speed. we continuously 
        improve our technologies to reach the best results.
we offer various versions of our password recovery solutions for both 
        individuals and corporations, for both small and large sized enterprises.
what we are not.
we are not crackers and we neither develop nor distribute software 
        cracks. password recovery software is sometimes incorrectly referred to 
        as password crackers or password breakers (and, in theory, can be used 
        to "crack" or "break" passwords illegally). nevertheless, "password crackers" 
        have nothing to do with "software crackers". software crackers are utilities 
        produced by criminals and are used to run illegal software copies. 
on the other side, "password crackers" are utilities that can help you 
        to crack passwords that you have lost or forgotten and access your password 
        protected documents again, absolutely legally.
why trust us?
we are in the market since 1997 and celebrated our 20th 
        birthday recently. we started in 1997 with a utility called pwlview that could be used to recover passwords 
        for windows 95. it was the first windows password recovery tool available. 
        for over 20 years we've been providing highest quality password recovery 
        software and services to thousands of our customers from usa, canada, 
        germany, uk, france, italy, netherlands, brazil, canada, switzerland, 
        australia, new zealand – more than 135 countries worldwide! 
        

don't lose your passwords again!
our software technologies are far ahead of most of the competitors'. thus, 
        they are not and can not be free. it's obvious that recovering lost passwords 
        is not cheap and you could save a great deal of money if you didn't lose 
        your passwords. 
the good news is that we are not going to make money on your losing passwords 
        again and again. besides password recovery solutions, we offer password 
        management software that will help you to keep your passwords reliably 
        and securely.
learn more about passwords!
unlike so called "crackers" we do not say that password recovery is magic 
        and we do not try to hide anything we know from you. it's our trade and 
        we encourage our customers to learn more about passwords 
        and password recovery if they wish 
        to.
        that's why we prepared a number of articles and other 
        passwords related information for those who want to know more. 
 






 home  ///   
      
download  ///    order  ///  
      
terms of use  ///    privacy 
      policy 

copyright © 1997-2024 lastbit.com all rights reserved.





