









welcome to towers family chiropractic - towers family chiropractor














































towers family chiropractorhelping you to better health naturallyhome
about us
our chiropractic services

chiropractic services
acupuncture services
nutrition services


spinal exercises
patient forms
faqs
contact
chiropractic solutions
children’s adjustments
monica’s recipes
nutrition news
healthy habits
patient testimonials































































 towers family chiropractic is a wellness center for the whole family providing chiropractic, acupuncture, and nutrition services  for wellness, disease prevention, and pain relief.  our chiropractor is dr. michael burgoon and our nutritionist is his wife, monica burgoon, who is also a registered dietitian.  our goal is to get our patients feeling better fast and then help them improve health long-term, naturally.


healthcare for mothers and babies

why choose dr. michael burgoon?

safer, healthier breast screening in roanokethe next thermography screening at our office in roanoke will be in april 2025, exact date tba. please note that you will need to call the number below to schedule an appointment--our office does not do scheduling for thermography.

thermal imaging is fda registered, safe, painless and non-invasive plus it can detect breast tissue changes very early. it is also used to detect and follow inflammation; half-body and full-body screenings are available in addition to breast screenings. to learn more or to schedule a screening call 888-580-0040. … [read more...]expanded hours, open saturdays!is your inflammation from eating the wrong fats?phone consultations now available

towers family chiropractic practice overview

good nutrition
warming broth for a coldwhen you're feeling down with a cold, the last thing you may want to do is cook!  well, if you keep a few ingredients on hand you can make this nourishing, soothing broth in a few minutes.  if you … [read more...]oatmeal is backginger punch with a kickpolenta
children’s adjustments
children with back painchildren suffer injuries that lead to misalignments just as adults do. children generally respond very well and quickly to gentle chiropractic adjustments.

a case in point is that of a 5 year-old … [read more...]adjusting children
towers family chiropractic
2302 colonial ave, sw, roanoke, va 24015
(540) 343-6636
our hours are:
monday, wednesday, friday:
10:00am – 1:00pm and 2:00pm – 6:00pm
tuesday, thursday:
7:30am – 11:30am and 12:30pm – 4:00pm
saturday:
9:00am – 12:00pm




these statements have not been evaluated by the food and drug administration. the information on this website is not intended to treat, diagnose, prevent, or cure any disease.



copyright © 2025 · towers family chiropractors by soupbone creative · log in
  













