



































    malt realty & development | fort myers, cape coral
  

 
 












               


     home



  property management



  rentals


   annual rentals



  short term rentals



  rentals and application info





  sales


   overview



  just sold



  sell my home





  residents


   overview



  pay rent online





  owners


   owner portal



  quarterly market snapshot





  maintenance


   maintenance resources





  about us


   our company



  our team


   connor malt



  kelly gabourel



  mike hange



  rosa martinez



  joyce zelwinder



  diana cook





  frequently asked questions



  equal housing opportunity





  contact us



  blog






     

 

 




 








    
 





       
 “dedicated to maintaining positive, 

long-term relationships with owners, residents and community associations.”




   property
management we provide no hassle management; you sit back, enjoy life and leave the management to us.   

learn more


  rentals malt realty…specializing in rental choices, we will “match” you to your perfect rental home!   

learn more


 sales with over 40 years of experience in the fort myers marketplace, malt realty will serve you with integrity, honesty, and care.   

learn more




   why malt realty & development?malt development is one of southwest florida’s only full-service real estate businesses serving fort myers rental property management and home sale needs in fort myers. as a full-service, award winning fort myers real estate firm, malt realty offers:



         





 40+ years of experience the malt realty & development team has provided professional real estate services in lee county for over 40 years. 



      



 five-star customer service our dedicated team members will provide you with the comfort of knowing your goals, objectives, and attributes of your property.



       





 licensed agents at malt realty, we offer a team of licensed realtors and property managers to assist you with your rental and homebuying needs.





         





 top quality tenant placement malt realty pledges to place top quality and qualified tenants in each unit by conducting detail rental criteria and background checks.



       





 24/7 maintenance as a full service real estate company, we provide you and your tenants with full maintenance services at no upcharge.



      





 marketing & advertising expertise to better serve our clients and stay on top of the market place, our experienced marketing team will provide you with a market analysis  and create a marketing plan in order to maximize your investment.





   
  


"during my entire experience with malt realty i can truly say i was treated as priority. conner who was my realtor was very attentive to my questions and needs, and whenever i reached out he would answer in a timely fashion. when i first inquired about my new home, conner set the appointment for me to view the same day, and had me set up in the portal to make my deposits. the whole process was effortless and straightforward. it was a pleasure working with conner to get my home, he was always pleasant, kind, and patient. i highly recommend this company!" 
montana s.
 
  


"i recently signed up malt realty & development. they were able to find me a very good tenant within matter of days. so far their service has be excellent. their communication has been good. they have answered all my questions on time. i would definitely recommend their service." 
drew p.
 
  


"we have been malt clients for 3 years. after suffering thru a few disastrous management agency relationships as out-of-state property owners, malt has proven to be a great relief for us. their staff is professional, prompt, helpful, and, in 3 years, has not dropped the ball once! i actually feel like they care about my rental property as if it were their own. that’s 36 months of consistent service. thank you malt realty. a special shout out to joyce in the maintenance department for her continuous exceptional professional service!" 
 dawn & stephen


 






          
 malt realty & development co. 

1614 colonial boulevard, suite 102
 fort myers, fl 33907
 

    office: (239) 936-1320maintenance: (239) 785-1329fax: (239) 936-6579info@maltrealty.com  

 

 





 associations & affiliations 
    


  




    


  




 cfrm™

tenant portalowner portal

  lee county locations we serve
  fort myerscape coralriver district fort myersfort myers beachnorth fort myerssanibellehigh acresbonita springssan carlos park  estero  


   © 2023 all rights reserved. malt realty & development co. malt realty & development is committed to ensuring that its website is accessible to people with disabilities. all the pages on our website meet w3c wai web content accessibility guidelines 2.0 level a conformance. any issues should be reported to info@maltrealty.com.
 
please ensure javascript is enabled for purposes of website accessibility



 



















































































































  
  share by:







   




