





outlook synchronization with synchpst - synchronize your personal folders on pcs
and laptops quickly and automatically.



















more outlook tools from wisco:
backupoutlook
 synchpst
nomoredupes
tasktocal 
outlookprinter







synchpst - synchronize outlook

 





home


product


download


buy now


support


testimonials


contact us






sync outlook
                        
                        between two or more computers or between your desktop and your laptop
          - automatically

                        do you use outlook on more than one computer and want to keep your outlook data
          like e-mails, contacts, tasks, notes, appointments or journal entries in sync?
                    

                        then you need this software to synchronize outlook either between
          different outlook data files (pst files) or between an exchange mailbox and an outlook
          data file (pst file).
                    


                    this outlook synchronization tool supports windows 10, windows 8, windows 7, windows vista and windows xp (32bit
					and 64bit) in combination with outlook 2016 (32bit and 64bit), outlook 2013 (32bit and 64bit), outlook 2010, outlook 2007, outlook 2003, outlook xp, outlook 2002 and outlook 2000!
                


   



click
        here to see how easy it is to synchronize everything you have in outlook!
                    

description


                        synchpst for outlook - the easy way to synchronize outlook data
          between personal folders. choose either single or multiple folders, with or without
          subfolders, and synchronize them quickly and efficiently.

                        don't go through the elaborate process of copying and replacing your
          pst files - synchronize outlook pst files intelligently.

                        if the selected folder does not exist in the target pst file the entire
          folder is copied, otherwise the source and target files are compared and the entries
          are synchronized based on creation time and/or subject.

                        do you travel and sometimes receive email to your laptop as well as
          your desktop? synchronize outlook info with synchpst for outlook
          and you will always be up to date.

                        do you want to merge outlook data files from several archived pst
          files to a single pst file?
                        it's easy with synchpst.
                    

                        do you use microsoft exchange and want to synchronize your inbox with a pst file?
                        'synchpst for outlook' supports the synchronization of a exchange
          inbox with a 'personal folders' file.
                    

benefits

synchronize outlook automatically among your computers (professional
          edition only)
share outlook on two or more machines
synchronize outlook with one click
the read/ unread state of e-mails is synchronized.
sync outlook on your notebook with outlook on your desktop
lets you share outlook contacts and outlook calendars with your colleagues
synchronize all outlook items - contacts, mails, notes, appointments and tasks
          and journal entries
supports deletions
customized forms are supported
all fields including customized fields are synchronized 
synchronizes your whole outlook and / or only a special subfolder.
automatically updates your outlook on your other computers or laptop
if you delete an outlook item on one side then this item will be deleted on the
          other side, too.
if an item was changed on both sides since the last synchronization then you can
          solve this conflict manually or automatically (professional edition only) 
you can exclude private entries from synchronization (professional edition only) 
synchronizes only the modified items of the last x weeks (professional edition
          only) 


synchpst for outlook comes in two editions:


home edition costs 
49.95 usd 
buy
              now! 


professional edition costs 
89.95 usd 
buy
              now! 



                        you need to buy only one license to synchronize two computers if they are in the
          same network.
                    
volume discounts are available. please contact us. 

                        synchpst runs on windows 10, windows 8 windows 7, windows vista and windows xp (32bit
					and 64bit) with outlook 2016 (32bit and 64bit), outlook 2013, outlook 2010, outlook 2007, outlook 2003, outlook xp, outlook 2002 and outlook 2000.
                    
synchpst is able to synchronize different versions of outlook.
  

comparison



those editions are able to 
home
49.95 usd


professional
89.95 usd




synchronize outlook contacts






synchronize outlook emails






outlook synchronization of notes 






synchronize outlook appointments






synchronize outlook distribution lists






synchronize outlook posts






synchronize outlook tasks






synchronize outlook journal






supports deletions






supports exchange mailbox 






automatic synchronization in time intervals






saves and restores selected folders






optional manual resolution of conflicts






can exclude private entries from synchronization






filters emails only of the last x weeks






filters appointments of the last x weeks






filters time specific tasks






supports batch file processing






synchronizes password protected pst files







quick tour


getting
        started




windows 10
synchpst is fully compatible with windows 10 and outlook 2016. 


screen shot 




click here to enlarge


subscribe



                            subscribe to free newsletter
                    
(we won't share your email address with anyone.)


testimonials

                        "i could not live without synchpst.
                        it has been saved so many times because of my schedules synchs with my other computer, accidental deletion of emails, crashes, just nice to have everything in two places."
                        donna barnes


                        "thank you very much as i depend on synchpst to backup microsoft outlook between my two computers."
                        william sand


                        "your excellent program is very helpful for me."
                        tom thompson


                        "wisco's outlook software is the only software i own, understand and that actually works with outlook, in my experience.
                        you have 
        'cracked the outlook code', so to speak, and have developed uniquely powerful and much needed software as a result." s. kesselman

"my synchpst is working perfectly." juergen severloh
"i love this app!" hollis holden
"love your product. does what it says on the tin." colin herbert

                        "i love your program. i have been using it since your first release.
          i have lost the hard drive twice on my laptop but i didn't loose my outlook info
          since i keep the whole file backed up with synchpst. thank you for your product and
          support." robert johnston


                        "love your program - quick, simple and works like a charm!" bill
          hatfield

"life is much easier since we have synchpst." miguel stevens

                        "thanks for the great response to my requests. your customer service
          is exceptional." scott thomson


                        "synchpst is a great product! it's working perfectly for me." chuck
          teague


                        "i purchased outlook pst a little over a month ago - it works wonderfully.
          i synch my desktop and my laptop." rosemary tator


                        "my favourite feature is that it actually works immediately after
          being downloaded (ponder on that...) and that it is affordable." hermé goosen


                        "i just noticed some of the testimonials on your website... everything
          is so true. once again, it's great to see such hands-on personal service in this
          day and age." peter chong

"i'm very impressed with your responsiveness and speed of service." mark coppock


 





home


eula | privacy policy | sitemap

| 

contact us


        copyright © 2025 wisco. all rights reserved. outlook is a trademark of microsoft.
    




