







christian brothers retreat & conference center





































































































        home
      

            property
          

            weddings
          

            meetings & events
          

            catering & dining
          

            guestrooms
          

              gallery
            

              history
            



              contact
            


















































homepropertyweddingsmeetings & eventscatering & diningguestroomsgalleryhistory







a little piece of heaven on earth.




contact









scroll






 



  









imagine…



a serene and beautiful location for your next event, nestled among the vineyards on napa’s mount veeder, with sweeping views of rolling hills, flowering gardens, and verdant grapevines. incredible personal service and attention to detail, dedicated exclusively to you and your guests; we host just one event at a time.a full-service site including historic mission-style buildings, a stunning spanish and romanesque chapel and bell tower, multiple event spaces, conference center, custom catering by a culinary institute of america graduate, and charming overnight guest rooms.

 











meetings / special events















property / amenities















weddings















catering / private dining















guestrooms















gallery



 

you’ve discovered it

 

in 1986,  the christian brothers developed the retreat and conference center at mont la salle to host meetings for their operations. they also opened the property to the public, so that groups and individuals could enjoy the beautiful grounds and facilities for private events.  built in 1932, the building complex is a splendid display of old world architecture, characterized by red roof tiles, classic adobe styling, and elongated breezeways, accentuated by handsome arched outdoor corridors. the effect is reminiscent of a california mission; the chapel and buildings all work together to forge a connection between the past and the present, anchored by a central gathering place. our property includes: historic mont la salle chapel and bell towermeeting and event room with audiovisual capabilities and an attached outdoor verandaprivate dining room with delicious food provided by our in-house catering flowering courtyards and seasonal gardenspicnic grove with open-air kitchen housing a wood-burning pizza and rotisserie ovenswimming pool and hot tubsixteen overnight guestroomsmont la salle’s peaceful and serene location is a stunning venue for your next business meeting or your wedding; it’s also a perfect respite for visitors wanting to explore and enjoy the napa valley.  whether planning a celebration, personal getaway, enlivening retreat, or a special event, you will enjoy our unparalleled customer service, varied facilities, ever-blooming gardens, and peaceful walking trails.   we look forward to welcoming you to mont la salle!






 

we can't wait to show you.




    schedule your visit
  

 









4401 redwood road, napa ca 94558


   
























































cbcrc banner



dashboard



secondary banner



location + social














we invite you to call or schedule a tour to experience mont la salle and its possibilities for yourself!

 

christian brothers retreat & conference center4401 redwood road, napa, ca 94558(707) 252.3810

 

learn how mont la salle is responding to covid-19 



homepropertyweddingsmeetingscateringguestroomsgalleryhistorycontact us









