


online shoe stores  directory of internet shoe stores




















    
	online shoe stores  directory of internet shoe stores
	
  
we shop for shoes & shoe sales so you don't have to!

we are an online shoes directory bringing you your favorite shoe brands, styles and categories. 
  womens shoes /   mens shoes / 
 kids shoes  





tuesday, january 16, 2007



	 
	 best walking shoes
	 
    


hello walking fans!if you're a walker, for sport, pleasure or out of necessity, you need a comfortable shoe. but what's really a comfortable able walking shoe? actually there's no better way to determine that for yourself than to simply experiment with different shoes on your own.  of course that can be time consuming and expensive. here's a little help.first of all think about what style of shoe you want.   if you do a lot of walking for your job, you probably want a casual looking shoe that looks good with your business outfit.  if you're an exercise walker a white sports shoe is probably what you want. for example,  i'm taking a trip to italy in may (whaaahooo! i'm excited) but my biggest concern is getting a walking shoe that will be as comfortable as it can possibly be. now, i've been told that when visiting italy, white tennis shoes give you away as an american tourist and they should be avoided.  is this true?  not sure, but i'm not one to be conspicuous so i'm going to try to go for a walking shoe that's not a bright white sports looking shoe. if you wear orthotics, have high arches, bunions, narrow or wide feet, these can all play a part in the best shoe for you.  so think about what style you like, assess your foot needs and go with shoes that are known for comfort.  when buying a shoe, be sure to read the buyer reviews. most good online shoe stores offer them.  based on reviews i've read, here's a few of the most popular and most purchased walking shoes that are primarily based on 'comfort'.  haven't decided on which one i'm buying yet for my italy trip -- but i'll let you know :-)i suggest buying them at zappos - they have the best prices and customer service. plus they often run some pretty awesome sales. asics gel nimbus viiithis is a highly cushioned running shoe that is excellent for walkers as well.  it enhances the foot's natural gait from heel-to-toe. the cushioning  provides maximum front and rear foot shock absorption for all  motions and it doesn't bind across the toe.  they are also good for high arches. these shoes have pretty wild colors.mephistomephisto is what comes to my mind as a primo walking shoe, everyone that wears them seems to love them and buy them a second time.  they are a bit pricey but extremely comfortable. they offer great support in the heel. any of their shoes offer perfect walking comfort.  all of their shoes provide huge comfort.new balance 659this is actually a running shoe that gets high marks. it offers great support with great traction on roads and trails. good shock absorption in the heel. lightweight synthetic mesh, reflective detail for safety, outsole stabilizes the foot through your walking cycle.rockport walking shoesrockports for walking seemed to get  average to low reviews. they offer moderate arch support and some shoes don't offer any. however, the rockport world tour classic walking shoe did get rave reviews. their not a stiff shoe and go well with slacks or jeans.  they are also a good shoe for orthotics.reebok dmxthis shoe got some fairly good reviews for looks but lacked in the comfort department, probably because they take awhile to break in, however once broken in they can be a dream.reebok shoes also tend to squeak a bit.  make sure this does not bother you.happy walking :-)elizabeth (the shoe nut)



posted by unknown at 8:21 am
0 comments






friday, december 08, 2006




	 gifts for shoe lovers
	 



everyone knows at least one shoe lover, so why no cater to what shoe lovers love the most -- shoes!  here's a few ideas on on gifts that any shoe lover would appreciate: gift certificates - if they like to shop online, try gift certificates from their favorite shoe stores:zappos gift certificatesshoebuy gift certificatesfootsmart certificatesteva gift cardsworldwide sport supply gift certificateshow about novelty gifts shaped like shoes . check overstock.com for cute shoe shaped jewelry boxes.books and calendars about shoes: shoes: a celebration of pumps, sandals, slippers &amp;amp;amp; moreshoes gallery calendar 2007slippers i like slippers as a gift because you almost never go wrong on size. small, medium or large just about does the trick, plus who doesn't need a new pair of comfy slippers on their feet.slippers at zapposshoebuy slippersrobeez cute baby shoes - most babies aren't shoe lovers but these are too cute to resist!win free shoes  enter someone into a shoes contest and enclose a note in their christmas card that they've been entered.zappos has a great contest for winning free shoesthat's all folks -- happy shopping & hope you find the gifts you're looking for.



posted by unknown at 3:55 pm
0 comments






thursday, december 07, 2006




	 shopping - bah humbug!
	 



if you think about shoes, a few facts come to mind:everyone wears themthey can dress-up or dress-down an outfitthere's a shoe for every occasiona new pair of shoes can put a spring in your step!i personally love a new pair of shoes and i love to shop for shoes, but i gotta ask you ... who has the time to shop? i work a thriving business and before that, i had a busy career with a house, kids and a home to take care of. so as much as i love to shop, i don't have much time left in the day to roam about the shopping malls.now the holidays are fast approaching. this is my favorite time of year, but again i ask you -- who has the time to wander the shopping malls? i sure don't. life is just too busy and i guess i have to admit it -- the older i get, the less i like it.uh oh --- i hope my daughter didn't hear that.so what's a busy gal like me to do when i need a new pair of shoes for that christmas party or to to simply pick up my spirits?shop online i tell you!i'm still not sure why more people don't do it. no wait, i think i know -- "i like to try them on and see how they fit" yep, i hear that a lot.ok, there's something to be said for "trying them on for fit" i'll give you that one, but if you try them on at home and they don't fit, send them back "free of charge" and you can still have the right size sent to you within a few days.yep ... there is a little planning required. buying shoes on saturday to wear on sunday might not work online, but if you do a little pre-planning you can have yourself a new pair of shoes within a few days -- with free delivery! ( zappos, shoebuy, shoes.com and onlineshoes.com all have free shipping, free returns and the best customer service)so, if they don't fit, return them for free. only requirement - think ahead, don't procrastinate. i guess that's a topic for another day.so, if you're feeling a little down and you need a pick me up, take a break and get on out to your favorite online shoe store. it's fast, fun and it will give you something to look forward to in your mailbox.or who knows - you might even find a great gift for someone else!cozy slippers and colorful handbags are all the rage this year!famous brand shoes.com



posted by unknown at 7:04 am
0 comments








 shoe sales on now!



about me

name:  unknown 

view my complete profile

previous posts

best walking shoes
gifts for shoe lovers
shopping - bah humbug!
one of my favorites for shoes online
got fat ankles?
comfortable walking shoes
make your feet look smaller!
simple shoes - eco friendly
robeez shoes partners with disney
saturday shoes sale

archives

december 2004
march 2005
may 2005
september 2005
october 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
december 2006
january 2007









 



