




boyd mountain log cabins – vacation rentals in maggie valley, north carolina




















































































toggle menu
























 


























	                                    call us	                                
	                                828-926-1575	                            







	                                    e-mail	                                
	                                info@boydmountain.com	                            







	                                    location	                                
	                                445 boyd farm road, waynesville, nc 28785	                            












home
cabins

our cabins
rates and policies
cosby cabin
clinch valley cabin
long branch cabin
little cosby cabin
meadowfork cabin
millstone cabin
shelton laurel cabin
grassy fork cabin
the home place
willa branch cabin


location

our location
directions
at boyd mountain
hiking trails around maggie valley
cherokee
waterfalls in western nc
cataloochee ski area
blue ridge parkway
smoky mountains
waynesville
maggie valley


tree farm
contact
shop

cabin shop
cart
my account
checkout


(828) 926-1575
 























































 


 


 


 


 


 


 















boyd mountain
our cabins
 




just outside maggie valley and waynesville are nine unique, authentic hand-hewn log cabins vacation rentals. dating back 150 to 200 years, they have been carefully restored and tastefully furnished with antiques and modern conveniences. in 2020 grassy fork a 4br hand-hewn cabin was added and in 2021 the boyd farmhouse built in 1905 was remodeled and turned into a charming 5 br rental the home place. new for 2023 is 5 bed willa branch.


see the cabins



our 150 acre mountain
 




our cabins are nestled in a 175-acre cove overlooking the smoky mountains with three stocked fishing ponds, nature and hiking trails, places for jogging, strolling and biking, lovely landscaped grounds, a mountain stocked trout stream called jonathan creek for fishing and tubing and our fraser fir christmas tree farm. a bird watching, flower gardener, and nature lovers paradise. the fishing ponds are stocked with rainbow trout, bluegill, bass and catfish and the fishing is free with no license required. there are 4 miles of marked hiking trails…






the tree farm
 




the boyd farm has been continuously in the boyd family for over 100 years, and continues to be a working farm. the grandparents of dan boyd, david j. boyd and his wife kate moody boyd were large landowners and a prosperous farming family. dan had a vision to buy his grandparents land and preserve antique log cabins. he started growing fraser fir christmas trees in the fields where the cattle had roamed in 1983, and rented the first cabin in 1989. still active, dan and betsy are planning to add another cabin in 2023. and the work has begun! hoping to be ready to rent in the fall.



visit the tree farm



meet the press
 




we are proud of our mountain and we are often asked to tell our story so folks can learn more about us and what we have created:

country living: 21 best christmas tree farms
southern living: book an antique log cabin
blue ridge country: boyd mountain log cabins
wral.com: couple restores log cabins
unctv: nc people betsy & dan boyd







picture postcard ready.
 




the maggie valley/waynesville cabins and vacation rentals are spaced around the property to give you privacy and beautiful views. open year round… this will be a vacation to be remembered in every season blending mountain authenticity in a lovely peaceful setting. we are centrally located near maggie valley in historic haywood county, north carolina just minutes from the blue ridge parkway and cataloochee valley in the great smoky mountains national park. also close to the cherokee indian reservation 19 miles to the west and asheville with the biltmore estate 30 miles to the east.











 
boyd mountain log cabin
vacation rentals
445 boyd farm road,
waynesville, nc 28785
828-926-1575
members of:
maggie valley chamber of comerce
haywood co. chamber of commerce
asheville area chamber of commerce
cabins paintings by meissner fine art

navigation

boyd mountain log cabins
contact us
direction
in the news

blue ridge country
country living
southern living
unctv
wral


our cabins

grassy fork cabin
the home place
willa branch cabin


our location
rates and policies

our reviews 








 







 has been added to the cart.		

				 view cart			































