


the ama education system
























the ama education system
the truth and sad reality behind the ama education system of the philippinessa mga nais magbahagi ng kanilang artikulo, paki email lang po sa  badprotocol@gmail.com

















 





web



ama system













tuesday, may 29, 2007 

ama fairview experience


i just wanna share my experieces in ama fairview i started na mag aral sa ama na punong puno ng pag asa yes most of the stufent who entered schooling in ama are making their life more meaningful pero dahil sa mga walng kwentang officer na namamahala at namumuno ang mga studyante ang nag susufer. simulan mo sa pinaka mataas na opisyal na ama faiview laging nasa office nya hindi mo alam kung ano ginagawa(natutulog yata?!!)..at yung mga pioneer na ng ama yung mga mtagal ng empleyado mga abusado. kaya yung mga bago na papasok na instructor siguradong bugbog sa trabaho kasi over loaded ang mga schedule nila isipin nyo nlang mag lulunch ang instructor nmen sa mismong klase na namen kasi wala silang schedule ng lunch pinuno na samantalng yung iba makikita mo sa office nagkakape at nag iinternet lang( papasarap).. my mga pagkakataon pa nga na pati security guard nag aackaso narin sa mga student kasi kulang ang empleyado.. pati mga facilities walang kwenta mga computer bulok madalas pa wala kang computer kapag my laboratoy (diba bayad yun? nasan na?!) maghihintay ka nlng hanggang my makatapo.. mga cr mabaho at mapanghi.. nakukuha pang magtipid ng ama nasan napupunta yung mga binayaran namin na kailangan ng bawat studyante.. wala talagang kwenta nagsisi ako kasi doon pa ko pumasok.. kaya halos lahat ng pumapasok sa ama fairview hindi na tinatapos tulad ko kahit gusto ko matapos at matupad  mga pangarap ko nag deside nalng ako lumipat.. tama sila halos lahat ng subjects na kinuha mo sa ama balewala kasi hindi tinatanggap sa ibang school. pero ayos lang atleast sigurado ko sa school na pinapasukan ko ngayon sigurado na makakatapos ako ng walang umaabuso at higgit sa lahat hindi gahaman sa pera hindi tulad ng ama hanggat my pera studyante gusto kunin lahat.. ama(suwapang)... wag na kayo pumasok sa ama sure ang future nyo kung sa ibang school kahit hindi ganun kakilala..from: zandy bolus





3:16 am bookmark this | permalink |  


sunday, august 06, 2006 

if you want to graduate, don't enroll at ama!


here is a sad experience by a former ama makati student.. this was first posted at the forums.====================================================================i just wanna share my bad experienced in ama makati during my batch and this was 13 years ago. bukod sa low quality ng pagtuturo non sa ama at madalas na welga ng mga teachers at palipat lipat na branch na hindi recognized ng decs, isang masaklap na pangyayari ang aking naranasan. and the story goes something like this. we together with my parther sa thesis, we were able to finished our thesis documentation and the defense. after non tiwala kami na pagkinuha na namin yung trasbcript at diploma ay wala nang problema. we also asked our advisor if ano pa kailangan after nang defense ng thesis. she told us na okay na yon at at ibibigay na alng yung grades then wala naraw kailangan. then nagkahiwalay na kami ng kanya kanyang landas ng partner ko sa thesis at nagkatrabaho kami. nung time na kailangan ko na yung tor, nagulat ako sa sinabi ng registrar na incomplete pa raw grade namin sa thesis. sabi ko pano nangyari yon? hindi raw kasi kami nag fillup ng completion form na may signature ng mga panelist, advisor at dean. yung mga timena yon wala na akong mahagilap sa mga yon at yung dean ay nasa ibang bansa na. sabi ko ipakita na lang namin yung hard copy namin na naka book bind na na nasa ama makati rin. nang hanapin nila wala na raw dahil nag general cleaning sila at tinapon na yung mga ibang basura at kasama dun yung 3 copies namin ng thesis na sana katibayan namin na gumawa kami talaga ng thesis at pati yung grade andun din. wala akong magawa. sabi nila ulitin ko na lang daw yung thesis. sabi ko tanaghirapan namin yon mapupunta lang sa wala. wala akong nagawa dahil yung gma time na yon wala akong mahagilap na official ng ama makati at nakabakasyon. hanggang ngayon naka[pagtrabaho na ko sa iba't ibang companies na ang gamit ko lang true copy of grades na incomplete. at worst pa gawa sa recto yung diploma ko at tor. sa totoo lang sinsumpa ko pagkakapasok ko sa ama makati at ngayon hindi pa maituturing na graduate ako dahil lang sa hindi pag fillup ng completion form. walang consideration ang mga taga ama makati. ang laki gn nagastos namin sa tuition fees tapos ganon lang ang nangyari. hanggang ngayon ito pa rin ang problema ko at ng iba pang ka batch ko. pati na yung kapartner ko sa thesis. kung ako sa inyo pumasok na kayo kahit san wag lang sa ama!!! 





8:24 pm bookmark this | permalink |  


thursday, june 01, 2006 

abe las piñas: hi-tech, and easy to pass


i was just reading the comments, and found this funny situation in abe las piñas.. but this incident is not an isolated case, other branches also have this kind of practices.=================================================================comment 1:akala namin sa abe las piñas lang magulo... hindi pala. sa kabuuan pala ng ama educational system ganun din. nakakatawa kasi educational system daw. una, walang edukasyong naibibigay. ikalawa, anong sistema ba ang pinag-uusapan?sabi nila sa mga brochures nila, high-tech daw ang abe las piñas. naniwala kami. pero matapos ang 1 taong pagdurusa, napatunayan naming hindi.computerized daw? e bakit ngayong hinihingi na namin tor namin, ilang araw kaming pinabalik-balik? at nang sinabing pwede na, 2 oras kaming naghintay kasi hinahanap pa daw sa computer?kung ganun kabobo sa paggamit ng computer ang staff, di ba't dapat kaming kabahan kasi reflection ng staff ang galing ng abe?computerized pala... mas mabilis pa sa mga lumang public schools na typewriter pa rin ang gamit.mam susan... gising!---dimasalangcomment 2:sa mga bumabagsak sa abe las piñas... hwag mangamba, hwag matakot! kailangan nyo lang ng pera para makapagbayad sa mahiwagang field trip at vavum! pasado na kayo! kahit nga di kayo sumama, basta't bayad kayo pasado pa rin!tip lang... hwag na kayong pumasok at magpakapagod sa pagpasok sa school at pag-attend ng mga klase nyo! bawi naman sa field trip yan e! di ba no mam susan alberto? magkano nga pala cut nyo dun mam? treat naman kayo! balita ko malaki kasi required yan di ba?---dimasalang





3:40 pm bookmark this | permalink |  


thursday, january 26, 2006 

ama east rizal: nagtitipid na din.. mga gamit bulok!


isang email ang aking natanggap mula sa isang estudyante na may initial na f.a. .. tungkol naman ito sa reklamo niya sa ama east rizal na pawang napabayaan na.. batid ng nakararami na unti-unti namg bumabagsak ang ama.. sana ay maagapan pa ang pagbagsak na ito..===============================================================tungkol po ito sa ama east rizal campus. bakit may mga subject na webcast? pumapasa ang mga estudyante kahit na hindi pumapasok sa subject na yon. siguro nagtitipid ang iskul namin kasi nagkaroon kami ng battle of the bands nung nakaraang sem hanggang ngayon hindi pa rin nababayaran yung mga nanalo. ang laki naman ng miscellaneous namin at isa pa ang mga pc namin eh napakabagal hindi ka makapag-research ng maayos dahil isang oras bago mag-laod ang page na hinahanap mo. ang dati naming malaking printer ngayon eh lumiit na dahil nasira kaylangang palitan ang mga piyesa, dahil may kamahalan, hindi na ipinagawa kaya naging maliit na lang at epson pa. kaawa-awa pati yung mga estudyante na bagong pasok lalo na yung mga walang alam sa katarantaduhan ng ama kuha sila ng kuha ng curriculum ito ng mga taga-amaer bigay ng bigay hindi nila tinatanong kung nong year sila nag-enroll dahil nare-ervise ang mga subjects at napapalitan pa yung iba. ibig sabihin ang course na naipasa mo na kapag na-revise naiiba yung title pero iisa pa rin ang description at yung mga subjects na walang laboratory nilalagyan nila ng laboratory para nga naman may extra income sila syempre babayaran mo yung laboratory eh. maka-gloria ba naman eh kaya lantaran ang kurakot...





7:57 pm bookmark this | permalink |  


saturday, january 21, 2006 

complaint against  aclc sorsogon


here is a letter sent to me, decs and ched by some students from ama clc sorsogon,  students from other branches may also file their complaint in order to protect the right to a quality education. ======================================================================january 20, 2005 to ama education  system  department  of education decs   and  commission on higher education (ched) this is to bring to your attention  what is going on in ama clc sorsogon. the number of teacher is only  five or six for all the subjects. the qualification for some  of the subjects they teach is more than questionable since some of them  even confess have no background of the subject they are requested to  teach.. the policy seems to be: as  long a teacher can read a book, he or she can understand, explain and  teach the subject. the truth is far from this expectation. 25 to 50 % of the classes are  ever dropped after attendance checking or not attended to by teachers  who multiply the absences. some tests results for prelim  are not yet given to the students. the lessons are given mostly  in local dialect even students cannot get it, and even language classes. the school starts always one  week after the official beginning of school by decs and the first week  is often gravely affected by schedules not ready or lack of teachers. some students get 25 points  bonus for class participation even with deeply failing grades in exams  and absences during quizzes. in some subjects 0 answers become automatically  75. one absentee gets in these cases the lowest grade obtained by attending  students  that can be easily verified  in the teachers records and attendance sheets. the administration seems to  be deficient in giving proper quality education in this place. mat we suggest you to investigate  or observe this learning center for improvement before the next school  year. this is very discouraging for  students we really want to learn and are dedicated to their studies  making the needed efforts. allow us to keep anonymity  for the sake of the concerned students regarding possible retaliation  in the part of the office and teachers. 





2:29 pm bookmark this | permalink |  


tuesday, august 16, 2005 

matakaw sa pera ng estudyante ang ama


this article was emailed to me by a certain "rj" who is a victim of money devouring ama.i called aiit (ama international institute of technology) to confirm if the course of associate degree in multimedia technologies which i found in their website and they said yes. i went to their school to enroll for this but they now said that they no longer offers this. though it has been included in the new course of business information system. ok nag-enroll ako sa course na to for 4 subjects and i paid full payment of 13000. i found out later that the course i'm looking for - multimedia technologies is now being offered in aclc. i decided to withdraw from aiit and transfer to aclc caloocan since mas malapit dito. the dean talked to me and warned me that that is a new course of aclc and the authorization from tesda is still pending and hindi maganda ang facilities. well totoo nga yon, bulok nga ang building ng aclc sa caloocan. but actually i don't really mind kung bulok, as long as they can give the quality of education the students expect from them. pero iba ang sabi sa kin ng mga taga aclc. sabi nila authorized na daw ito. well, hindi ko sure kung sino ang nagsisinungaling sa dalawa. nagdalawang isip nga ako, pero ang nagpabago sa isip ko ay ng tinanong ko siya na kung gusto ko bang lumipat ng ibang school maccredited ang mga units na kinuha ko dito? sabi nya hinde, na taliwas sa una nyang sinabi bago ko magenroll. i'm actually a part-time student and i don't plan on finishing at aiit. pinagbigyan ko lang ang father ko na magpart-time. so ano pang sense na mag-aral ako dito eh hindi naman pala maccredit ang units. i took my change at aclc. sabi ng aiit sila na lang daw magfforward ng payment sa aclc. i enrolled 1 laboratory subject kasi yung iba nakuha ko na 2 trimester ko sa ama college caloocan. tinanong ko sila kung ano ba to lecture o laboratory? sabi nila laboratory daw. at sabi rin nila may 15 enrollees na raw sa course na to. pero nung first day of class, binago na nila schedule without notifying it's students (kung meron nga talaga) 2 hours akong naghintay para lang malaman na lecture at 4 na estudyante lang kami! ano to lokohan?!! i'm not sure kung enrollees nga yung 3 or they're just trying to cover up. tapos tinatanong ko yung sa admission, if they're going to teach these softwares. napakaconfident nilang sumagot ng yes yes yes! tapos nung yung instructor na tinatanong ko, hindi nya daw alam. pinagagawa sa min magdrawing sa cartolina!! lokohan na to! i'm a graphic designer for 3 years and i know my way around.ngayon, nagrerefund na ko. binawasan nila ng mahigit 6-7000 yung binayad ko. hindi ko naman pinasukan. ang napala ko lang sa kanila ay mainis! sa kanila na lang 7000 ko. dahil lang sa pera mapupunta pa sila sa impyerno. lol pinangako nila na 1 month daw bago makuha ang refund. ngayon magtu-2 months na wala pa. puro call back call back. kesyo wala pa raw pirma. pirma lang di mapirmahan sa head office!!!lumalamon sila ng pera ng mga estudyante. ang bilis nilang lumamon ng pera ng estudyante pero pagsolian na nagtatago na sila sa lelang nila!nabasa ko pala yung 500 lang enroll ka na. lmao!!! desperado na ba ang ama? target nito ang mahihirap. naawa lang ako sa mga mahihirap na gustong makapagaaral. mabuti pang sa public school na lang.anyways, 2 hands down for ama.





7:35 pm bookmark this | permalink |  


tuesday, may 31, 2005 

the truth reality behind admission to amaes


before enrolling at ama read this!!the truth reality behind admission to amaes: faqs on admission1.  are the admission requirements for every amaes school the same?yes. there is a standard list of requirements for admission. contact your school's admissions office for the official list of requirements. reality: yes, provided you have sufficient money for your required downpayment or you are willing to pay as low as p500 downpayment and apply for a promissory note para nakakaseguro ang ama na di ka na makakaurong sa kumunoy.2.  do i have to go thru an entrance exam? if yes, what is the exam all about? is there an examination fee?yes, every applicant has to go thru a multidimensional aptitude battery of tests (digit symbol / picture completion / spatial ability / picture arrangement / object assembly). entrance exams for undergraduates cost php100, graduates - php200. reality: yes, you have to take the entrance exam not because ama is testing your ability ang capability to enter to college but it's an additional income to ama. bear in mind that your exam is not being checked by admissions. all students taking the entrance exam are automatically in.3.  what is the schedule for entrance exams?entrance examinations are scheduled everyday , 8am and 10am, 1am and 3pm.reality: you can take the entrance exam everyday and anytime as long as you can pay.  and don't worry about failing the exam, dahil hindi naman nila chinecheck ang exams.  i should know this dahil nag ojt ako sa admissions.4. what factors are considered in making admission decisions?the following are considered during admission: result of the entrance exam, form 138 / report card (for freshmen), tor / tcg (for transferees) reality: the following are considered during admission: payment of entrance exam fee, money for downpayment and promissory note.5. what gpa do i need if i want to apply in any amaes school?there is no gpa requirement. reality: ang kulit! sabi ng pera nga lang eh.6. do i need to go thru an interview as part of the admission process?yes, every applicant is interviewed by the admissions director and dean of the college he/she is applying to. reality: yes, kailangan para masabi namang hindi basta-basta nakakapasok sa ama. pero don't worry exempted ka na sa interview pag may pang downpayment kana.7. where can i get application forms?application forms are available at the admissions office of every amaes school.reality: baka sa bahay nyo lang meron na kc lahat naman ng bahay sa pilipinas eh pinupntahan ng admission officer kasi matatangal sya pag di nya na meet ang target.8.  where do i go to process my registration?the admissions office processes all registrations.reality: punta ka sa admissions office pagkatapos pagtuturuturuan ka na kung saan pa ang susunod mong pupuntahan na department kc puro bago ang employees kaya di pa nila alam ang procedures on enrollment.9.  when is the deadline for application?the deadline for application is on june 3 for first semester of sy 2005-2006 - extended up to two weeks. always check the calendar of your school's admissions office for updates on important dates.reality: everyday is enrollment in ama. kahit finals na pede ka pa rin mag enroll basta may pambayad ka.10. who will assist me in my registration?admissions personnel will assist during the registration.reality: bahala ka sa sarili mo. kung tatanga tanga ka eh matatagalan ka.11.  if i am a transferee, will my old subjects be credited?generally, all ge subjects are credited. major subjects are credited per approval of the dean and the registrar.reality: subjects mo ang di make-credit sa ibang schools once na magtransfer sa ibang colleges other than ama. strategy yan para bumalik ka uli sa ama.12.  where can i get the list of subjects related to my course of interest?list of subject offerings are available at the admissions office and the concerened college.reality: siguraduhin mo lang na tama ang curriculum na kinukuha mo kasi po yearly eh nagpapalit ng curriculum ang ama. marami nang estudyante ang hindi naka graduate on time dahil mali ang nakuha nilang curriculum sa mga tangang registrar ng ama. 





10:33 am bookmark this | permalink |  


tuesday, february 15, 2005 

who is “dirty harry” or the “executioner”?


source:  http://www.geocities.com/amapampanga/harry.htm=============================================the following message was sent to ama pampanga web sitedate: fri, 1 aug 2003 19:38:34who is “dirty harry” or the “executioner”?  hi, ama pampanga! i’m e-mailing to you some information about some irregularities done by ama officials to some diligent, trustworthy and hardworking faculty and staff. these irregularities occur without the knowledge of dr. aguiluz, who, in good faith, trusts these people so much, without knowing he already is rearing monsters in his courtyard. please don't identify me. these ama officials often jump to conclusions. they “execute” innocent people even if they have no basis for such drastic action. they mercilessly hang them to death. anyone whom they suspect to be involved in the dissemination of any information that could put them on probe would be jeopardized.  take the case of a certain student who graduated recently. the fresh graduate applied at ama-pampanga, hoping to be given priority over graduates from other schools who also applied for a teaching position. you know what happened? the hr personnel, ana mendoza, just insulted their very own pioneer graduate by asking several questions sarcastically. according to my source, ana mendoza chided the applicant by asking these questions: “di ka man yata interesado e? napipilitan ka lang, di ba? palibhasa di pa tumatawag sa iyo yung ibang kumpanyang in-apply-an mo, kaya ka nag-a-apply dito? sorry, sa july 2 (2003) pa ang hiring namin…”  as expected, ana mendoza did not contact the applicant again. suddenly, ama-pampanga hired someone else and told him to teach subjects he did not even know. he never used macromedia flash before and was not even among the top in his class when he graduated. the ama graduate i am referring to, on the other hand, was among the top of the class and would be fit to teach programming and web development subjects, including macromedia flash. most importantly, she is from the very branch where she is applying to teach – ama-pampanga. could fe h. yasis or kareem bangkola explain to me what’s behind this? surely, somebody instructed ana mendoza to do that to the poor ama graduate… but why?  i think i know the answer. they thought that the student had been involved in an action probing anomalies in ama. no proof, no evidence. nanghuhula lang sila kaya kaawa-awa ang mga estudyante nila! more on irregularities….  the most affected branch in the north luzon under the cluster of mr. bangkola is the malolos branch, firing the school director (sd), mr. caloy cayabyab and admissions officer (ao), ms. olive soliman, who had been with ama for more than 8 years now. due to pressure received from fe h yasis, they resigned. yasis told them to resign on the spot after informing them that it's “management” decision. this is because they did not reach the minimum rate of 75% on their quota of enrollees for first trimester.  at first, the two didn't want to resign since they hadn’t received any formal or written notice from the management about their decision – only verbal instruction over the phone from fe yasis. this ama official insisted that if they would not resign, they would be terminated and would not receive any benefits. since they couldn’t resist and with the hope that fe would help them to have their benefits for early retirement, so they resigned.  fe yasis told them that if they would not resign, they would soon be fired. thus, no benefits. not only that, they would never be allowed to teach again in any ama campus. in short, fe yasis promised them that they would get proper benefits if they would resign willingly. so they did. but what happened next?  after passing their letters of resignation, they were instructed not to come to the campus anymore for they would be banned from entering. they felt betrayed upon knowing that their salaries for the month are held and they will receive just half of it, based on the lowest computation in every year of service minus the so-many deductions and taxes. they cannot even teach to any ama campus since they have been “fired!”  how sad to know that they became victims of false hope promised to them by fe yasis. since before, the two have not been their favorites. the faculty, staff and students of ama-malolos branch sympathized with them but what could they do?  right now, they want to voice out their hatred to ms. yasis who is so mayabang and is even namedropping dr. aguiluz (as if she’s really that close to the good man).  all the promises of fe yasis are mere lies. what happened to cayabyab and soliman of ama-malolos also happened to the former sd of angeles, ms. arlene valiente – napag-initan nina fe yasis at kareem bangkola. this evil duo sought all possible ways to get rid of ms. valiente… yun nga, natanggal, kasi pinag-initan talaga nilang dalawa.  ms. yasis is so close to mr. bangkola who gives all his support to this girl who is now so abusive of the power given to her. i know fe has a hand to all klb's transactions, mapa-business man or personal. ang tawag nga sa kanya “dirty harry” and the “executioner” ni klb. i pity her… just to satisfy him, she’ll do everything kahit mapasama ang ama and sir ara (dr. amable aguiluz v).  fe yasis had already been accused of harassment, bribery, namedropping and abuse of authority in north luzon branches. no one actually likes her because she’s too mayabang, as if she's really untouchable. in the head office, no one likes her, too. fake lahat ang pinakikita nila for fear of being terminated since she said, she could hire and terminate people if she wants. “bagyo” ang tawag sa kanya doon.  in san fernando, only the admissions officer (ao) was asked to resign. since the sd is just new, she's not affected. see the injustice?  i guess the ao would never talk about her case or status. i’m sure fe yasis also gave her the same promises – which, i’m also sure, would never be true. the good ao will never get that little amount she’s hoping to get from the institution. or perhaps, it will be on hold for an indefinite period of time.  in la union and laoag branches, the same case: mababa daw ang outcome ng enrollment. in one branch the sd is almost l6 years in the service, tanggal din!  management’s decision – if the branch did not meet the quota, the sd and ao would face the consequences; both of them would be fired. but what's happening? they give favors to those who are new to the branches, when in fact, they have already been in ama before the opening of the first trimester – which only means they are already responsible for the negative result. basta napag-initan ka, tapos ka na.  malolos branch is the biggest when it comes to population and yet only 3 points, di pa binigay, kasi mahina sila kay fe and klb. sabi nga, those who are affected serve as the sacrificial lamb to earn “pogi” and “ganda” points to dr. aguiluz. but is it really the fault of the sd and ao if enrollment goes down in several branches?  the economy is very hard, the tuition fee of ama is too high compared to others who have the quality of education much better than what ama provides. nakaka-demoralize ang mga bagay na ito, kaya affected ang lahat sa nangyayari. the result? ang baba ng quality of education ng ama.  according to sources they put the blame on mr. patrick azanza. he is again the hrd kaya napakagulo ng sistema sa ama. “bata-bata” system, and this is abviously true. the hrd employees outnumber those in the other departments and when it comes to benefits and increases, the hrd personnel lang lagi ang mayroon because patrick is protecting them.  based on these facts, i therefore conclude: mali yata ng choice of people surrounding him si mr. aguiluz. he relies on reports given to him by his officers. di nya alam screened na lahat.  but wait, i heard he is personally visiting this site and is very much alarmed. kung tutuusin ay dapat pa nga siyang magpasalamat dahil may nagmamalasakit sa kanyang mga nasimulan. he should thank the webmaster of this site for this venue has served as a vehicle for all amaers to relay their important messages to him. without this, klb and his “dirty harry” would remain formidable “berdugos”.  mr. webmaster, you just don’t know how much you’ve helped many amaers (students and especially employees). you may say that you just provided space and the messages really came from amaers. but in reality, you had opened a wide door for them.  by the way, i’ve read a comment on the guestbook one time. someone criticized the design of the site. sabi nya parang elementary lang daw ang gumawa dahil wala mang animation and 3-d graphics. well, natawa ako sa sagot mo, mr. webmaster.  you said that you intentionally created the simplest design because you wanted to tell ama about the quality of education it provides… pang-elementary lang talaga! ang yayabang ng commercial nya, pero sa totoo lang, halos lahat ng mga branches ay kulang-kulang sa facilities. so, what’s really behind the low enrollment rate?  ama personnel already knew their deficiency in terms of education and facilities. yet, they are expecting higher enrollment rates in all branches. as of now, nursing course is very in-demand and computer technology courses rank only 3rd, if i’m right. they should expect that it would be impossible for them to meet such quota, considering the fact na nag-open pa nga sila ng abe in the same area. e di lalo nang mahahati ang mga estudyante! therefore, it is not right to blame the sd or ao! the culprit is poor marketing strategy.  this is the information i could give you for now. on behalf of all students and employees who have been victimized, i thank you for putting up this site. sabi nga ng mga branches, sana matulungan sila ng web site, so their voice would be heard by dr. aguiluz.  thanks also to modern technology, we could still communicate with one another even if you’re quite busy with your studies there at regis university. good luck and may you still find time to update the site despite your busy life overseas. congratulations also for making it to the it department of wal-mart.- g.d.l. 





10:25 am bookmark this | permalink |  


tuesday, november 23, 2004 

nationwide protest


marami na nag email sakin kung ano mabuting gawin sa nationwide protest. well, isa lang ang pinaka mabuting gawin na hindi pwedeng kasuhan ang estudyante, iyan ay ang hindi pagbabayad ng tuition sa finals. nasa student handbook na no permit means no exam, pero kapag nfe or no final exam, pwede pa tayo kumuha ng exam until next trimester. so, to let the administration feel the gravity of our protest, and if you are interested in participating in the protest for the benefit of the students... don't pay tuition fee on the finals period 





11:35 am bookmark this | permalink |  


saturday, october 23, 2004 

ched memorandum order


 ched memorandum orderno. 35series of 2000 subject : updated policies and guidelineson open learning and distanceeducation  x---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------x      in accordance with the pertinent provisions of republic act (ra) no. 7722, otherwise known as the “higher education act of 1994”, per resolution no. 204-2000, and for the purpose of rationalizing open learning and distance education (ol/de) in the country, the following updated policies and guidelines on open learning and distance education are hereby adopted and promulgated by the commission. thus:  article igeneral policy  section 1. section 1, article xiv of the 1987 philippine constitution mandates that the states shall “protect and promote the right of all citizens to quality education at all levels and shall take appropriate steps to make education accessible to all.” furthermore, section 2, article xiv of the same provides that the state shall “established, maintain, and support a complete, adequate, and integrated system of education relevant to the needs of the people and society, and that the state shall encourage non-formal, informal, and indigenous learning systems, as well as self-learning, independent, and out-of-school study programs particularly those that respond to the community needs.” section 2. ched is mandated to maintain and uphold the ideals of quality and excellence in all higher education institutions (heis). section 3. ched takes cognizance of the need to make quality education accessible to a greater number of qualified filipinos. section 4. ched recognizes the education and acquisition of higher learning take place both within and beyond the confines of classrooms. section 5. ched recognizes that non-formal and informal learning systems complement the formal system.  article iidefinition of terms section 6. open learning and distance education (ol/de) are alternative systems of education. they emphasize the opening of opportunities by overcoming barriers that result from geographical isolation, personal or work commitments or conventional course structures which have often prevented people from realizing their educational goals. section 7. open learning (ol) is a philosophy of learning that is learner-centered and flexible, enabling learners to learn at the time, place and pace which satisfies their circumstances and requirements. section 8. distance education (de) is a mode of educational delivery whereby teacher and learner are separated in time and space and instruction is delivered through specially designed materials and methods and supported by organizational and administrative structures and arrangements. section 9. the ched definitions of a university, school, and institution shall remain. see the full text of the definitions on annex a.  article iiiimplementing guidelines  section 10. qualification of heis 10.1 ched identified centers of excellence (coes)/centers of development (cods) and/or recognized heis with level iii accreditation or ched equivalent in the program applied for shall be allowed to offer ol/de programs subject to specific policies and guidelines provided in this policy. section 11. components of open and distance learning 11.1 curriculum development 11.1.1 an institution shall go through a two-step process to earn approval for ol/de programs. the process shall be implemented by the central office after the ched regional office (ched-ro) transmitted the application to the ched-office of programs and standards (ops). the process includes recommendation for approval of content from the technical panel for the discipline and recommendation for approval of the delivery system from the technical committee for ol/de and approval of the commission. 11.1.2 the system of assessment of learners’ performance in every course shall be part of the curriculum submitted to the commission for approval upon recommendation of technical panels.  11.2 materials development 11.2.1 the instructional materials development component of ol/de focuses on the preparation of learning packages in print and non-print forms. specifically, its areas of concern are: • choice of media to be used by various content points developed by the subject matter specialist group; • development of media designs, formats and approaches; • actual technical production of prototypes; • pretest of these prototypes and mass production of revised prototypes, for distribution by the student support component. packaged materials may be included provided these meet the requirements that have been set on this policy. concretely, therefore 11.2.2 the institution shall prepare a set of well-written, well-structured and well-tested developmental and appropriate instructional materials for every course. 11.2.3 the institution shall provide a pool of qualified subject matter specialist with at least a masters degree in the subject area they are assigned to develop, instructional design specialist, course writers and production design specialists. 11.2.4 the institution shall submit to ched its self-instructional materials at least one year prior to the intended opening of the program. or, the institution may opt to submit its self-instructional materials on a yearly basis at least one year prior to the intended opening of the program. 11.2.5 the self-instructional materials shall be evaluated by a ched-technical committee of reviewers. 11.2.6 the self-instructional materials shall undergo approval following a two-step process, namely, approval for recommendation from the technical committee of reviewers for content and approval for recommendation from the technical committee of reviewers for delivery system. 11.2.7 the institutional shall undertake a periodic internal review, evaluation and updating process for all its instructional materials.  11.3 delivery mode/ strategies 11.3.1 ol/de may be delivered by way of the following media; print, radio, audio-video cassette tapes, television, telephone, computer software, cd-rom, on-line delivery services, correspondence feedback, face to face sessions, etc. 11.3.2 ol/de may be delivered by: autonomous ol/de institutions or independent ol/de department s of a conventional or traditional institute, college or university or ol/de departments of different institutions (consortium model). 11.4 student assessment 11.4.1 ol/de institutions shall prepare a set of validated instruments or assessment process on performance standards to gauge the learner’s progress in the course. frequency of academic assessment/evaluation and the manner in which these are administered must also be indicated. 11.4.2 the institutions, through its duly authorized representative, shall conduct the final evaluation of the learner’s performance for every course face-to-face at the learning center or at a designated venue. 11.5 student support services 11.5.1 the institution shall maintain faculty-student-dialogue in strategic sites and/or establish learning centers or linkages with other heis to ensure greater access to its clientele for admission, tutorial, counseling, testing and evaluation activities. 11.5.2 the institution shall provide clear admission policies and procedures for applicants in line with ched standards. 11.5.3 the institution shall provide for an efficient and reliable communication system and media support including equipment and facilities. 11.5.4 the institution shall show evidence of regular monitoring of learners’ progress. 11.5.5 the institution shall provide library and learning resources for the students. section 12. management and administration of distance education and open learning   12.1 program management 12.1.1 the institution shall designate a competent key person who will manage the program. 12.1.2 applicants must satisfy the entrance requirements of the institution. 12.1.3 ol is only for graduate programs. 12.1.4 management of ol must develop a strong institutional ethos and management systems for the institution. ched requires of ol programs the following: • a clear institutional policy and procedures for managing information, guidance and enrolment – (e.g. duration of the study, system of equivalency for academic credit accreditation, required contacts between mentor and learner, ration between mentors and learners, etc.) • a clear institutional policy and procedures for managing learning resources – (e.g. use of wide range of information/communication technology, system of networks with other institutions and agencies, etc.) • a clear institutional policy and procedures for managing mentor and learner support systems. • a clear institutional policy and procedures for managing assessment system – (e.g. monitoring learning accomplishment, quality assurance measures, etc.)  article ivrole of ched  section 13. the commission on higher education shall create a technical committee for ol/de to evaluate the delivery system and instructional materials for ol/de and make the appropriate recommendation for approval to the commission. section 14. the commission on higher education shall conduct periodic monitoring and evaluation of ol/de programs offered by heis. section 15. the initial authority to operate is a permit followed by recognition which includes granting of diplomas, degrees and other entitlements. however, if all requirements are met at application, the recognition may be immediately granted. this authority shall be granted solely by ched central office on recommendation of the technical committee for ol/de. section 16. ched shall encourage voluntary accreditation. it will recognize only one body of ched – recognized institutions offering open learning and distance education programs. this body shall be responsible for: 16.1 formulating the standards of accreditation; and 16.2 issuing accreditation status as defined by the standards.  article vtransitory provision  section 17. heis operating ol/de programs whose recognition was granted by the decs prior to the creation of ched and ched order no. 27, s.1995 shall retain their recognition. however, new ol/de programs introduced by these heis shall comply with the provisions of this cmo. compliance to the new requirements specified in this policy by all existing ol/de programs must be completed within three (3) years from the approval of the policy.    article virepealing clause  section 18. this cmo supersedes the ched order no. 27, s. 1995 on the policies and guidelines on distance education.   article viicoverage  section 19. this cmo does not apply to extension classes which is covered by a separate policies and guidelines in ched order no. 26, s, 1995.  so ordered, pasig city, philippines november 27, 2000  (sgd) ester albano-garciachairperson  ngayon... matapos nyong basahin ang ched memo, at mapatunayan sa sarili na pinagloloko lang tayo ng ama.. ating ipaglaban ang ating karapatan sa isang dekalidad at tamang klase ng edukasyon.. isang malawakang kilos protesta ang kelangan dito..   





11:46 am bookmark this | permalink |  








mailing list








  
   enter email: 


 



browse archives



 bookmark this site





shout box








 







last posts


ama fairview experienceif you want to graduate, don't enroll at ama!abe las piñas: hi-tech, and easy to passama east rizal: nagtitipid na din.. mga gamit bulok!complaint against  aclc sorsogonmatakaw sa pera ng estudyante ang amathe truth reality behind admission to amaeswho is “dirty harry” or the “executioner”?nationwide protestched memorandum order




archives


august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
february 2005
may 2005
august 2005
january 2006
june 2006
august 2006
may 2007




links



[message board]
blogger templates





sponsored links













email us





		powered by blogger
		and blogger templates









