
















home - humane society of burnett county











































humane society of burnett county









happy tails
blog
events
about
contact
 adopt

adopt a pet
adoption application


volunteer

become a volunteer
volunteer application


donate

make a donation
memorial donations


















find your
perfect companion at hsbc
welcome to the humane society of burnett county inc. (hsbc), where we are dedicated to providing shelter companions a sanctuary at our peggy schilling animal adoption education center. our goal is to find forever homes for these companions and promote responsible pet ownership. we invite you to join us. together, we can make a difference.


adopt donate volunteer 





 








 

featured animal of the week
meet muffy!

						muffy is a 1-year-old german shepherd who came to the shelter when her owner was hospitalized and unable to care for her.  when she arrived, she was very timid and reactive so spent the first few weeks with us decompressing and gaining confidence. muffy has blossomed into a friendly and sweet girl, although still a bit shy!  she loves to play with fellow dog larry (employee’s pet) and they are so much fun to watch.  muffy will come up to you with kisses and look for pets, and bonus, she doesn’t seem to mind cats.   at this point, we’re not sure about kids.					
adopt 






discover
upcoming events
don’t miss our exciting events. at hsbc, we believe in having fun while making a difference. join us for our upcoming events, ranging from fun-filled fundraisers to meaningful community service programs. each event is an opportunity to connect with like-minded individuals and contribute to a cause that we love. be sure to stay in the loop and join us in creating lasting memories.














bark & wine 2025


sat 5 apr 2025
bark & wine




learn more




 


paint your pet|humane society of burnett county fundraiser


sat 17 may 2025
fox run golf course




learn more











you can change lives  at hsbc
ready to make a profound impact on the lives of shelter companions? hsbc offers countless opportunities for you to get involved and create lasting change. whether you’re considering adoption, want to volunteer your time and talents or would like to make a donation, your contribution matters.










find your forever friend
open your heart and home to an hsbc shelter friend, and you’ll experience unconditional love. our furry friends are ready to become valued members of your family. 
adopt 







share your time and talents
hsbc relies on the selflessness of volunteers to help us achieve our goals. your time and abilities make an impact in the lives of our shelter friends. 
volunteer 







give the gift of hope
if adoption or volunteering are not an option, you can help us achieve our goals by donating money or materials. your donation ensures that shelter companions receive the care and affection they deserve on their way to finding permanent homes. 
donate 






latest
read all about it
keep up with the latest stories, updates, and more from hsbc. check our website often for updates and sign up to receive our newsletter, the woof report. be sure to follow us on facebook where we feature adoptable companions, upcoming events, and other news. 






jasper
jasper is doing absolutely amazing. we’re best friends! he misses me when i’m away, but behaves wonderfully when left home alone. luckily for both of us that is not very […]






 

ace
we decided to keep his name as ace, and ace is doing very well. he’s a perfect fit for our family. we’re working through some separation anxiety over night, but […]






 

mavis (winter) and mildred/millie (tibby)
we adopted these two beautiful babies on christmas eve. they were named winter and tibby while at humane society of burnett county, and have since been renamed mavis and mildred, […]





view all 








adopting a pet is the most selfless thing one can do. you’re taking responsibility to care for an animal for the rest of their life, purely for the sake of love.

jenna morasca, actress



 







happy tails blog
the beginning of happily ever after
read about the amazing experiences of hsbc alumni as they prosper in their forever homes. these heartwarming stories show the importance of adopting. each story is a testament to the difference we can make in the lives of shelter companions. 






 

abby (carmella)
hi pam, she’s doing great. her name is now abby and she’s quite the lover of the family. overall her health is great. she has a chipped k9 tooth that […]






 

able
able is doing great! he has fit into our family just amazingly. it seems as though he has been here forever. the kids can’t get enough of him and he is […]






 

acorn (lily) and red (parsley)
hey there! both cats have adjusted so well to our house! our kids renamed lily to acorn, and parsley to red. acorn and red weren’t too sure of each other […]





view all 






contact us
open tuesday through friday 12 pm – 5 pm
saturday 11 am – 3 pm


rescue.hsbc@gmail.com
1-715-349-2368 (adopt)

peggy schilling animal adoption & education center
po box #621
7410 county road d (corner of sr 35)
 webster, wi 54893







name(required)


first

phone(required)email(required)

messagecaptchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 submit 





















our partners & supporters



 

 

 

 

 

 










 
follow on facebook







					license #  481546-ds
ein # 31-1743404				




join our newsletter
get news from humane society of burnett county

email

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 subscribe 


















adoptadopt a pet
adoption application
volunteervolunteer
volunteer application
donatemake a donation
memorial donations
donation form
 
contact

peggy schilling animal adoption & education center
po box #621
7410 county road d (corner of sr 35)
 webster, wi 54893

1-715-349-2368(adopt)

rescue.hsbc@gmail.com

infoabout
blog
events
 policiespet redemption policy
pet surrender policy
refund policy







© 2025 humane society of burnett county. all rights reserved.


crafted by north of eight design & marketing







































