










usa field hockey | field hockey home page









































close and continue skip to contentteam usahigh performancehall of fameannual awardsresourcesmen'sseniordevelopmenthockey5sjuniorindoormasterswomen'sseniorhockey5sjuniorindoormasterseventsupcoming eventsadm clinicscoach educationumpire education2025 & beyond calendarclub rankingsevent informationevent sanctioningvending informationnationalnational indoor tournamentnational indoor festivalall starz winter invitationalregional club championshipssunshine junior classicinternationalfih hockey nations cup 2 (men)fih hockey nations cup (women)sanctionednational hockey5s chocolate cupnexusnexus homeregistrationcoachessenior nexusregionsfaqdare to differla28membershiptypes of membershiplogin/renew, opens in a new tabjoin, opens in a new tabinsurancefaqplaycoachbecome a coach member, opens in a new tabcoach education programcoaching courses & workshopscoaching events & opportunitiesin the circle member appresourcesumpirebecome an umpire memberratings definedrules of hockeyumpiring opportunitieshagan umpire store, opens in a new tabresourcesprogramsadm clinicsscouts programgame onstarter packageswalking hockeypartner campsbessant grow the game grantnewsdonateplay2025 fih nations cup 2 - usmntthe inaugural edition of the fih hockey nations cup 2 (men) will be staged in muscat, oman from february 17 to 23, 2025. don't miss the no. 25 u.s. men's national team in action!event page  to see sponsored ads, please enable javascript.usa field hockey newscontent categorized by:usmntusmnt shuts out oman in second fih hockey nations cup 2 winmuscat, oman - the no. 25 u.s. men’s national team followed up their opening win at the 2025 fih hockey nations cup 2 in muscat, oman with another strong performance to defeat the hosts, 4-0. a lone first quarter goal by marius leser was cushioned by t...read morenext: usmnt shuts out oman in second fih hockey nations cup 2 wincontent categorized by:usmntusmnt shuts out oman in second fih hockey nations cup 2 winmuscat, oman - the no. 25 u.s. men’s national team followed up their opening win at the 2025 fih hockey nations cup 2 in muscat, oman with another strong performance to defeat the hosts, 4-0. a lone first quarter goal by marius leser was cushioned by t...read morenext: usmnt tops austria behind strong defensive performance at fih hockey nations cup 2content categorized by:usmntusmnt tops austria behind strong defensive performance at fih hockey nations cup 2muscat, oman – in their opening game of the 2025 fih hockey nations cup 2 in muscat, oman, the no. 25 u.s. men’s national team took on no. 19 austria. in a close contest, usa scored the lone goal early and produced a solid defensive performance to defe...read morenext: new chair & vice chair appointments to usa field hockey board of directorscontent categorized by:new chair & vice chair appointments to usa field hockey board of directorscolorado springs, colo. – following the recent january meeting, usa field hockey’s board of directors has elected a new chair and vice chair. chip rogers will serve as the chair of the board and katelyn ginolfi will serve as the vice chair of the board...read morenext: junior usmnt staff names 2025 u-18 & u-21 holland tour rostercontent categorized by:juniorusmntjunior usmnt staff names 2025 u-18 & u-21 holland tour rosterthe hague, netherlands – the junior u.s. men’s national team coaching staff have named the tour rosters for an international trip to the hague, netherlands from april 14 to 21, 2025. the u-18 and u-21 usmnt will play at the hdm hockey club."having the ...read morenext: everything you need to know for the upcoming 2025 national indoor tournamentcontent categorized by:everything you need to know for the upcoming 2025 national indoor tournamentin five days, the 2025 national indoor tournament, presented by yolo sportswear, kicks off with the u-14 girls and co-ed division!the nit is a culmination of the indoor season, featuring competition between top teams from across the nation. teams in th...read morenext: indoor uswnt defeats thailand to claim highest ever finish at fih indoor hockey world cupcontent categorized by:indooruswntindoor uswnt defeats thailand to claim highest ever finish at fih indoor hockey world cupporeč, croatia – it was a successful day for the no. 9 u.s. women’s national indoor team as they finished their campaign at the 2025 fih indoor hockey world cup in poreč, croatia. taking on no. 18 thailand in the 7th-8th place match, usa came out stron...read morenext: 2025 u-10/u-12 co-ed nit schedule now availablecontent categorized by:2025 u-10/u-12 co-ed nit schedule now availablelancaster, pa. – usa field hockey is pleased to release the finalized schedule for the upcoming u-10/u-12 co-ed division of the 2025 national indoor tournament (nit), presented by yolo sportswear. the u-10/u-12 co-ed nit will take place february 21 to ...read more1 of 8to browse more content, please enable javascript.unlock elite coaching insightsrecordings from the 2024 virtual national coaches forum are here!purchase recordingsfind field hockey near youthere are lots of great ways to get in the game! you can find a place to play near you by clicking below.viewdare to differusa field hockey launches new brand campaignlearn more  fan zonethe place to watch, learn and be a super fan of the u.s. national teams and all levels of the sport. get your fan wear here too!visit  #boysplayfieldhockeyboys field hockey is growing across the nation. learn more or join the volunteer national boys engagement team.visit  membership#login , opens in a new tabrenew , opens in a new tabbecome a member , opens in a new tabtypes of membershipupcoming events#2025 national indoor tournamentview2025 national indoor festivalview2025 fih hockey nations cup 2 - usmntview2025 fih hockey nations cup - uswntview2025 all starz winter invitationalview2025 regional club championshipsview2025 sunshine junior classicview2025 national hockey5s chocolate cupviewview all sponsorsaccessibilitycareerscontact usdonatesite mapterms of use, opens in a new tabprivacy policy, opens in a new tabombuds, opens in a new tabprivacy preference center© 2025 copyright usa field hockey - all rights reserved.




cookie settings










