





my father's house ministries | we're glad you're here


















































































 











skip to content 






 


menu

home
about us
our pastor
become a member
our fellowship
who is jesus
resources

discover our hebraic roots
events calendar
messages
contact us
photo gallery
online giving
online bible


 















 








“for this is the covenant i shall make with the house of yisra’ĕl after those days, declares יהוה: i shall put my torah in their inward parts, and write it on their hearts. and i shall be their elohim, and they shall be my people."
jeremiah 31:33 












welcome to my fathers  house ministries!
we're glad you're here! 



elohim, in his mercy, from before the foundation of the earth, set in motion a plan revealed in the tanach(1), which allows us to have perpetual ‘fellowship’ with him. in hebrew, kippur means ‘covering’. thus, yom kippur is the day the sins of the israelites became ‘covered’ through the shed blood of a lamb. after this sacrifice, the israelites were inscribed in the book of life for the ensuing year. elohim’s solution through messiah is the one-time rather than annual covering of sin through “blood sacrifice”.our abba father brought forth his son as messiah, and allowed him to be crucified on a “tree” as a substitution sacrifice for our sins. this “covering” of sin through his shed blood enables all who believe in him to enter into a personal relationship with elohim (isaiah 49:6 -and he says, “shall it be a small matter for you to be my servant to raise up the tribes of yaʽaqoḇ,and to bring back the preserved ones of yisra’ĕl? and i shall give you as a light to the gentiles, to be my deliverance to the ends of the earth!”) for all eternity by instantly wiping away all the sins of the world- past, present, and future.gen 12:1 “and יהוה said toabram, “go yourself out of your land, from your relatives and from your father’s house, to a land which i will show you.gen 12:2 “and i shall make you a great nation, and bless you and make your name great, and you shall be a blessing!gen 12:3 “and i shall bless those who bless you, and curse him who curses you. and in you all the clans of the earth shall be blessed.”we are a progressive messianic, spirit filled fellowship. we believe that nothing is more important than believing in יהושע, the jewish messiah, foretold throughout the tanach (hebrew scriptures).john 1:1 – in the beginning was the word, and the word was with elohim, and the word was elohim.we believe in the tanach and the b’rit chadashah (new covenant) which was promised in jer. 31:31-33 is the inspired and infallible word of elohim. because of antisemitism the mainstream churches teach that the gentile church has replaced israel. this “replacement theology” has robbed many gentile believers of a true understanding of scripture.jer 31:31 “see, the days are coming,” declares יהוה, “when i shall make a new covenant with the house of yisra’ĕl and with the house of yehuḏah. jer 31:32 not like the covenant i made with their fathers in the day when i took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of mitsrayim, my covenant which they broke, though i was a husband to them,” declares יהוה.jer 31:33 “for this is the covenant i shall make with the house of yisra’ĕl after those days, declares יהוה: i shall put my torah in their inward parts, and write it on their hearts. and i shall be their elohim, and they shall be my people.we have gone back to the original hebrew for our studies in scripture understanding that the writing of the scriptures were hebrew, therefore their language, culture and ancient way of life directly influences every word in the scripture, old and new testament alike. we have created a “back to the hebrew roots” study environment that allows our multicultural membership to leave behind their gentile pagan worldly traditions, and be one in the biblical culture.you’re invited to join us on our journey of discovering the beauty and wealth in our father’s word, growing, learning, drawing nearer to him acquiring wisdom, knowledge, and understanding. hallelujah! 



welcome home! 














a personal relationshipmy father’s house ministries exists to introduce to you the jewish messiah, yahshua who’s blood was shed for you except and believe in him, so you can be a forgiven member of his family!about usit's all about yahweh's presencewe invite god into every service!
he is the reason we worship!events calendargather with us!we have a place for you!contact us 


 previous slide


 next slide
















there is so much more! 



we have several resources to help you grow!  click on the buttons wherever you are and access great tools! 










become a member














events calendar














messages














photo gallery














online giving


























						faith					

						is confidence in what we hope for and assurance about what we do not see.
hebrews 11:1					






















our contact information 



my father's house ministries 



meeting location: 10880 marks way, miramar florida 33025mailing address: 6011 nw 201 lane, miami florida 33015(305) 620-6346email: rhema@bellsouth.net 








 








service times 



wednesday bible study 7:30both services because of covid-19 are live stream via facebook patrick hadley.  saturday at 11:00 am/wednesday at 7:00 pm 



download 








 









 
























kingdom church websites© 2020. all rights reserved.  |  kingdom church websites 












© 2025 my father's house ministries • powered by wpkoi 




scroll back to top
 












































 


			✕
		




my father's house ministries
free



			view		




