





riverlet personal trainer




















 



skip to content





riverlet personal trainer














running: for all audiences! 

the running is not an exclusive activity of young and athletic people. it is becoming more popular among people of any age and physical condition, and even is open to those with health problems, as long as it is practiced in a controlled manner.
the running is very simple, but, before starting a workout routine, you should see a doctor for preventive checkup, and also, to be advised by a personal trainer to guide the training routine.
everyone can practice running
we give you a series of tips:
listen to the body
running is not a mystery. it can be practiced at any age, provided the physical condition is taken into account. therefore, it is advisable to go to a medical professional, whose recommendations will help make it more enjoyable to run.
be gradual
above all, beginners should take care of this issue in order to prevent the initial enthusiasm from turning into an unfortunate setback. to prevent unwanted situations, the distance traveled can be increased by between 5% and 10% (maximum) from one week to the next.
constancy
running implies dedication and patience. while improvements are often fairly immediate, regularity is one of the keys to success. therefore, the attitude and the desire will help in the moments in which the tiredness or the discouragement appears.
avoid overtraining
the training routine should be provided to avoid the excess of kilometers. thus, rest, also called “silent training”, which will directly impact motivation, is an excellent ally to counteract the delay in progress.
running for everyone
basic when practicing running

shoes: the shoes are like car tires. each stride produces an impact on the person’s body three times their weight. so, if you weigh 70kg, you generate 210kg at each step, so being equipped with good sneakers is of vital importance.
alimentation: running helps to change eating habits. at the end it is recommended to eat a fruit in the next 30 minutes, to replenish the carbohydrates used.
hydration: it is essential to drink every 10 to 15 minutes to avoid the sensation of thirst. by the time this is experienced it means that dehydration has already begun.
objective: it is very satisfying to plan strategy and be clear what the objective to be achieved. that way, the training will be more effective.

to end the publication today, we tell you that if you have never exercised, walking is a good option to set yourself before starting a training routine. although the body has memory and the person who has ever practiced a sport will be easier, the ideal is to start with smooth walks of up to 30 minutes and then, after 2 or 3 weeks, start running distances.







search for:



  recent posts 

running, benefits of running for body and mind


physical exercise with personal trainer helps reduce depression


muscle stretching: more than important














				© 2018 altitude all rights reserved.		









