









tree service in dallas, tx | tree trimming & arborist services

































































   
 (972) 495-0606

  






  







 (972) 495-0606




home
about
services

tree trimming
tree removal
certified arborists
stump grinding
tree sales / planting
tree treatment
hedge trimming
our quality process


recent projects
gallery
testimonials
request an estimate
blog











lumberjack tree service of dallas, tx
professional tree service with certified arborists, trained in the knowledge of tree trimming, pruning, tree removal, fertilization and diagnosis! lumberjack has been in business for over 22 years in the tree service care industry with multi years of award-winning customer service achievements









 

tree removal
there comes a time when most homeowners need to decide on tree removal services.

 
 

stump grinding
stump grinding is the process of grinding the stump into mulch after the tree removal service has taken place.

 
 

certified arborists
here at lumberjack tree service, we believe in the importance of having expert arborists available for your needs!

 
 

tree sales/tree planting
the tree planting process with lumberjack tree service

 
 

tree treatment and deep root fertilization
coming soon..

 
 

hedge trimming
one of the staple chores of having a lawn in dallas is hedge trimming.

 
 

lumberjack tree service quality process

 
 

tree pruning/tree trimming

 





lumberjack tree service | dallas, tx

lumberjack tree service is a veteran owned and operated tree service and has been the leading provider of tree service care in the dallas metroplex and surrounding areas for over 22 years!  all arborist are trained and certified through the international society of arboriculture (isa).  we excel both in the isa standards of quality tree care, and superior customer service to effectively care for the trees on your property.

should i hire an arborist
an arborist is a trained professional who specializes in the care and maintenance of trees. they can also provide a wide range of services, including tree pruning, tree removal, tree planting, and tree health assessments.
if your trees are healthy and well-maintained, thank an arborist. however, if your trees are showing signs of disease, damage, or stress, it may be a good idea to consult with an arborist.
an arborist can help you identify the underlying cause of any issues with your trees and provide you with recommendations for how to address them. they can also help you develop a long-term plan for the care and maintenance of your trees to ensure they remain healthy and vibrant for years to come.
our dallas tree care services
we provide a comprehensive array of tree care services. lumberjack is also dedicated to helping you maintain optimal health with the trees on your property. the services we provide in dallas include, tree trimming, tree removal, hedge trimming, tree sales and planting, tree cabling, diagnosis of disease and treatment. we also offer tree fertilization and treatments to help revitalize and encourage the growth of your trees. our arborists and dallas tree care specialists are also highly educated in isa standards. we work to keep your trees healthy and strong throughout every season of the year.
tree removal experts in dallas
tree removal in dallas in progress
we safely remove damaged or dead trees from your residential or commercial property.
after tree removal we also use a stump grinder to remove the stump.  if a damaged or diseased tree has fallen on your property, call us for your emergency needs as well. we will always work with you to keep your home or business safe.
when you need trusted professional services from knowledgeable tree care experts, lumberjack tree service is the right solution.
improve the property, value, and aesthetics of your home with a qualified tree care professional!  we pride ourselves in superior customer service!  you will be proud you chose us for your trees!





















why do i need a certified arborist?




a certified arborist is a person considered to be an expert in the art, science and care of individual tree specimens. the isa arborist certification process consists of formal education, rigorous testing in all facets of tree care or removal along with annual continuing education. 




why lumberjack tree service?




we will educate you about your trees and provide you with an honest and accurate assessment. allowing you to make informed management decisions.
our certified arborists adhere to strict industry safety standards and practices. 




what kind of service is included with tree maintenance?




we take a proactive approach to tree maintenance with special consideration for health, safety and aesthetics. our maintenance plans vary from structural integrity and health as well as site and soil improvements. 








request an estimate

 










full name



email address



phone number



address



city



state



zip code



select a serviceselect a servicetree trimmingtree removalcertified arboristsstump grindingtree salestree treatmenthedge trimming



message














we love dallas trees

tree care is not a single service relationship with us. our goal is to develop a long and trusting relationship with our clients in dallas. our mission at lumberjack is to provide our customers with well-trained certified arborists and a remarkable transparent service that leaves you satisfied, informed, and appreciating the value of your trees.
let lumberjack tree service of dallas take care of the investment on your property!
 call us: (972) 495-0606 







what our customers say:



thanks derek, i appreciate your work and will happily recommend you any time - and would you please send some business cards if you will. the lord bless you and...
thurman massey




mr. derek hebert, i wanted to tell you how pleased we were with your service today at 1421 limetree lane in irving, tx. besides neatly trimming our trees, they removed...
june and royce hogue




mr. hebert, thank you so much for a job well done. i have already recommended you 4 people. all of my neighbors are talking about what a beautiful job you...
naomi withers




derek, i just wanted to let you know that i greatly appreciate your professional service and performance on the tree work you recently completed for our company. you did exactly...
scott schwob




a testimonial from a satisfied customer: my name is sylvia andrews and i've been a customer of lumberjack tree service since i moved into my first home in 2001. derek,...
sylvia andrews



view all reviews

     






 professional work performed




12
skilled technicians




2
certified arborists on staff




4569
happy clients




4569
trees treated




95882
trees trimmed




87526
trees removed






our work with trees





 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 







tree care just a call away
contact lumberjack tree service today!
 need consultation 









 (972) 495-0606
 email us

certified arborists are required to keep up with standards related to arboriculture in order to keep their certification current.



 
 
 







 lumberjack tree service, dallas, tx
p.o. box 450592, garland, tx 75045-0592




 allen tx 75013




service areas

dallas
highland park
plano
addison
richardson
carrollton
garland
university park
allen
coppell
frisco
the colony
mckinney
murphy
wylie
sachse
rowlett
rockwall
fairview
lucas
 















 copyright © 2025 lumberjack tree service. all rights reserved. sitemap





  

















