







home | blinkx














































































skip to content

















blog
home
loans
travel cards
customer service and support
 



























toggle menu






















know you make the best business decisions
smartly compare business and financial services with concise reviews and comparisons 






us average cost of medical treatmentswe have updated the ketamine therapy cost for us.


find trusted pros for home renovationobtain quotes for home renovation projects in roofing: roof replacement, copper roofs, and pergolas.




best project management softwarewe found the best project management software for different business requirements, the curated top 10. project management software for construction, and for architects specifically. other classification is related to the project dimensions: software for a single individual in a business venture, for small teams like a start up, and others for a small business.there is no need to spend: there is free project management software to enjoy an extended trial or a community version. furthermore, there are open source software options that we analyze as well.we have studied the complete suite for project management from microsoft, which can be used on-premise, or cloud based.


cryptonow online casinos started to accept crypto currencies for deposit and withdrawals.


 best metal nfc business cards,we have a complete review of the best digital business cards, the best metal nfc business cards, the best smart business cards, and the best nfc business cards for small business.we review some of these cards in detail: we study the moo nfc business cards, the review of the popl business cards, and a v1ce card review. we have a recent update from 2024 where we tested their new versions: therefore, we have reviews from popl digital business card, mobilo, beaconstac, wave, hihello, v1ce, blinq, tacta nfc and digital business cards, linq, i-card, warmly, zapped to, kadonetwork, and the newer switchit.we compare brands too: popl vs dot, also blinq vs popl, and hihello vs popl.
gold irawe discuss an instrument for retirement planning, which is the gold ira, a specific type of investment retirement account, or simply, ira. while there are much more benefits of gold ira than disadvantages, it comes also with its pros and cons. there are many differences between having a gold ira than having physical gold stored.we have studied the gold roth ira and compared a gold ira versus a roth ira.moving from an investment portfolio to another has some nuances: so i explain you how to buy gold in ira, how to go from tsp to gold ira, and how to do a gold ira rollover, what is the transfer of funds from a traditional ira or 401(k) to a self-directed gold ira.i explain thoroughly the gold ira cost, so these are the gold ira fees for the custodian plus the transportation costs, and any additional cost for an optional withdrawal or distribution.the silver and gold ira tax rules are very strict, the gold or any eligible precious metal cannot be stored at home, so you need a gold ira custodian. for this purpose, we have reviewed the best gold ira companies and curated them so we have birch gold group review, augusta precious metals review, silver gold bull, noble gold, advantage gold, american hartford gold, american bullion, gold alliance, goldco, rosland capital, miles franklin precious metals review, rc bullion, american coin co, and lear capital.one of the recent news, is the issue of the prospective capital gains tax on australian kangaroo gold quarter ounce coins in an ira. this will give more confidence to investors.


testing and reviewstests and reviews of software platforms for business and gaming.


comparisonsdifferent software platforms are compared and studied by experienced reviewers.


user reviewsuser reviews add to the mix. the opinion of users and their score. pros and cons




updated informationdiscover the latest business news and reviews. we are a trustable source of information because readers vote.


unbiased and impartialwe have remained fiercely independent. all of our software reviews and commentary comes from our community.


best writersall of our writers are carefully vetted for not only their industry expertise, but also the accuracy of the content they write. fact checking.


gold ira
we discuss an instrument for retirement planning, which is the gold ira, a specific type of  investment retirement account, or simply, ira. while there are much more benefits of gold ira than disadvantages, it comes also with its pros and cons. there are many differences between having a gold ira than having physical gold stored. 
we have studied the gold roth ira and compared a gold ira versus a roth ira.  
moving from an investment portfolio to another has some nuances: so i explain you how to buy gold in ira, how to go from tsp to gold ira, and how to do a gold ira rollover, what is the transfer of funds from a traditional ira or 401(k) to a self-directed gold ira.
i explain thoroughly the gold ira cost, so these are the gold ira fees for the custodian plus the transportation costs, and any additional cost for an optional withdrawal or distribution. 
the silver and gold ira tax rules are very strict, the gold or any eligible precious metal cannot be stored at home, so you need a gold ira custodian. for this purpose, we have reviewed the best gold ira companies and curated them so we have birch gold group review, augusta precious metals review, silver gold bull, noble gold, advantage gold, american hartford gold, american bullion, gold alliance, goldco, rosland capital, miles franklin precious metals review, rc bullion, american coin co, and lear capital. 
one of the recent news, is the issue of the prospective capital gains tax on australian kangaroo gold quarter ounce coins in an ira. this will give more confidence to investors.
asset protection
we analyze what is asset protection and how to structure an asset protection trust to protect your personal assets. that type of trust is a legal instrument coming with its pros and cons and two main options: an asset protection trust as a revocable trust versus an irrevocable trust, where we prefer the latter. 
so that means that our preferred option is not the revocable asset protection trust. i explain this better in a comparison between asset protection trusts vs living trusts.
the activity of setting up a trust for asset protection is relatively complex and has its costs, depending largely on the number of beneficiaries, the us states where these asset protection trusts are available and the assets transferred to the trust.
online payday loans
there are a plethora of online payday loans available. you can go through the link and get started immediately.
alternatives to these online payday loans
there are now several available bad credit personal loans for $5,000 or less.
complete a form for one of the several cash advance loans. there are $255 payday loans online that can be approved the same day, as well as $500 payday loans, for those moments when you say that you need a payday loan immediately and cannot wait. those are emergency same day loans, as they are approved the same day. we calculate how much a $1000 payday loan would cost and recommend direct payday loan sites where you can request a loan in an almost immediate process.
alternative financial institutions for online loans
we gathered modo loan reviews where we carefully analyzed the modo loan requirements.
we list the online payday loans that accept metabank.
we reviewed quick2lend, another new financial institution.
loans for drivers and gig workers
complete a form to get started with loans for uber drivers, and very specific loans for uber eats drivers.
you can get started easily with a form to complete to access loans for doordash drivers, installment loans, or cash advances also for dashers. the doordash $1000 grant was finished a long time ago, in 2022 and the sba loans are not for doordash drivers but for merchants, just as doordash capital which is not available for drivers but for restaurant owners.
there are generic loans for rideshare drivers, and also cash advances for all sorts of independent drivers. there are also standard personal loans for gig workers, short-term payday loans for gig workers, even available through gig worker cash advance apps, general funding for gig workers, and alternatives to loans like those from giggle finance from similar companies to giggle.
similar are the loans for self employed with bad credit.
there are general personal loans for lyft drivers, and specific payday loans for these lyft drivers too.
there is, furthermore, a loan for grubhub drivers.
tribal loans
tribal loans are accessible across various states. borrowers with bad credit scores may qualify for these tribal loans. these are provided by direct lenders, whom you can select through a form by indicating your state of residence. this step is crucial as not every lender operates nationwide, ensuring you’re paired with a the easiest tribal loans to get online. typically, the most popular options are $300 loans and $500 installment loans. for the latter, borrowers repay the loan in segments over time, a process known as an installment tribal loans.
my travel to bucharest
we visited a few of the best cities in romania, cities with a wealth of activities to do. our favorite city is bucharest because it has a lot of things to do, some very unusual. bucharest is cheap, very safe, and has also free activities too.
most of those best things to do are in the old town (centrul vechi), at night, and suitable for couples.
honeymoon destinations
we have analyzed some honeymoon destinations, mostly cheap ones, even overseas, for those couples who are on a budget. these destinations are mainly in europe and in the us. for us, the best ones are beachfront honeymoon destinations in all inclusive resorts located in exotic and underrated places.
digital business cards
we have a complete review of the best digital business cards, the best metal nfc business cards, the best smart business cards, and the best nfc business cards for small business.
we review some of these cards in detail: we study the moo nfc business cards, the review of the popl business cards, and a v1ce card review. we have a recent update from 2024 where we tested their new versions: therefore, we have reviews from popl digital business card, mobilo, beaconstac, wave, hihello, v1ce, blinq, tacta nfc and digital business cards, linq, i-card, warmly, zapped to, kadonetwork, and the newer switchit.
we compare brands too: popl vs dot, also blinq vs popl, and hihello vs popl.
project management software
we found the best project management software for different business requirements, the curated top 10. project management software for construction, and for architects specifically. other classification is related to the project dimensions: software for a single individual in a business venture, for small teams like a start up, and others for a small business.
there is no need to spend: there is free project management software to enjoy an extended trial or a community version. furthermore, there are open source software options that we analyze as well.
we have studied the complete suite for project management from microsoft, which can be used on-premise, or cloud based.
funnel builders
we have analyzed the best funnel builders for small businesses and for affiliate marketing: the best one is clickfunnels, but there are interesting alternatives to clickfunnels: leadpages, kartra, builderall, unbounce, instapage, kajabi, thrive architect, convertkit, getresponse, hubspot, groovefunnels, samcart, systeme io, landingi, optimizepress, and the new and excellent highlevel.
news
we have ready our update of the highest paying slots in canada and the funny slots cheats for jackpot city along with the biggest wins listing and their 5 cent games. also, an update of the withdrawal options of this online casino.
apart from the duration and the resort packages, the vacation ideas for couples are very similar, and for us, it is also a list of curated destinations too.
mi travel to méxico and living in mérida
as a single woman, i was worried about finding the safest cities in mexico, the safest place in mexico to vacation with family, the safest places in baja california as a tourist, and the safest place, also, in baja california to live permanently. baja california is generally safe; it is safer than the rest of mexico, and the even safer baja california sur, which is the safest of mexico after the yucatan penisula. this means asking ourselves if todos santos is safe or if rosarito is safe. also, to come with the family, you have to know the safest all-inclusive resorts in mexico and the safest all-inclusive resorts in mexico adults-only.  
i have compared and analyzed which is the cheapest and safest place to live in mexico, meaning to live permanently as a resident, and if you follow my merida blogs, you know i always recommend the states of yucatan, campeche, and maybe quintana roo. 
furthermore, i have selected the safest resorts in mexico within safe cities that offer a semi-closed environment, access control, and safe surrounding areas.
i have my own list of the best places to visit in mexico.
i have listed the best mexican holidays and traditions.
travel to merida
i am living in mexico, in the safe city of mérida yucatán, merida is a city with a lot of things to do, a city worth visiting, especially all the things to do in merida at night, what cheap and fun things to do in the centro (downtown) for those lazy days. a whole different story is living in merida, which is my personal case.
i describe my visit to the mayan world museum of merida, top of my list of the best museums in merida, and the free walking tour, for which you can only pay a small tip to the guys who organize it. they are super nice. also, i have listed my favorite and best restaurants in merida, mexico which are not the most expensive ones at all. i will show you taquerías that are way better and cheaper than the upscale kuuk!
you have a plethora of day trips from merida, mexico. the most famous are the numerous merida to chichen itza tours, day trips to yucatan pyramids, and mayan ruins in yucatan, a peninsula encompassing several states. however, there are enough mayan ruins near merida, so you do not need to travel to quintana roo to visit them. but it is not only ruins, as there are yucatan tours that include day trips to the cenotes in merida, the most instagrammable places in mexico.
regarding where to stay, i listed my best hotels in merida in terms of price and amenities. i know a couple of haciendas in mérida, and if you prefer downtown instead, maybe you could enjoy any of the boutique luxury hotels in merida mexico.
traveling inside yucatan is relatively easy. renting a car in merida is almost always the best option. i will explain to you how to easily complete the itineraries: merida to cancun and back to cancun to merida, also, merida to holbox and returning back from holbox with the ferry to merida.
i had the opportunity to eat at some of the best local yucatan food restaurants, with ancient mayan drinks and spices and some fusion dishes representing the new mexican food. 
the city does not have a beach or a port, but i will show you the best merida beaches that are very near the city, like progreso. you should visit at least one of the pueblos mágicos in yucatan through a tour, such as the famous yellow town.












immerse
explore previous newsletters and immerse yourself in the creator economy.
free



implement
take a look at the resources i’ve created to support your creator journey.
free & paid



ignite
explore and walk the exact path i took to build my one-person business.
course








































about us: blinkx is blinkx limited, an organization performing business (bbb), whose mission statement is to empower the community to navigate their business lifecycle, from registration and operations, to asset protection and growth through investment. address 3600 136th pl se ste 400 bellevue, wa, 98006-1468. discord.
 















advertiser disclosure
disclaimer
about us and who is responsible for this website
terms and conditions
contact us
diversity equity, and inclusion (dei policy)
affiliate disclosure
editorial guidelines
meet our team
careers
statement against slavery
gender pay gap
loans
home services
do not sell or share my info
corporate terms of service
service status
bbb
investors
support
new york co2 carbon neutral
cookie policy
no gift policy
privacy policy
marketing practices
rates and fees
e-consent
sitemap
support 888-213-0422
 















© 2025 blinkx  - all rights reserved
 











 closeblog
home
loans
travel cards
customer service and support
 


















blog
home
loans
travel cards
customer service and support
 















