




william meisheid.com










 william.meisheid.com

 










          








go to:
-home
-knowing god study center
-my blog
-general writings
-religious writings
-books'n stuff
-about me
-email me

    email me and let's discuss what you think about what i say.
semi-irregular blog
 
beyond the rim...
books, etc.


books'n stuff, with reviews, and things that i find useful.



radio


wrbs radio 
	listening

bible resources


www.biblegateway.com


all things reformed


www.monergism.com

you can help my efforts by using the safe and 
	easy paypal link to donate.











 

thoughts from 
        beyond the rim...
"the meanderings of a heart and mind searching for  faith 
        and truth in a lying 
        world"

"...the spirit of wickedness in high places is now so powerful and 
		many-headed in its incarnations that there seems nothing more to do than 
		personally refuse to worship any of the hydras' heads." - j.r.r. tolkien 






my ruminations  
			 


you have found my little corner of the web. i am a writer, making my living with technical writing and online information systems, but i also write creatively and to facilitate my and others religious journey. you are welcome to explore my online domicile, 
			to read, and if you desire, comment, either using my
			
			blog site (beyond the rim...) or by emailing me.
our daily prayer 

dear lord, so far today, i am doing all right. i have not 
            gossiped, lost my temper, been greedy, grumpy, nasty, selfish, or 
            overindulgent. however, i am going to get out of bed in a few 
            minutes, and i will need a lot more help after that. amen. (source 
            unknown)  
may god grant you grace and peace 
            as you go about your day.
            [news] [quotes of note] [current 
            writings]  

news

 
			my first novel, beginnings: book one of the lawgiver chronicles 
			is now available for purchase on amazon in both print and kindle.
			
			this link allows you to preview the book.

the year is 
			1292 b.c. and egypt has almost recovered from more than a generation 
			of turmoil. begun by the “pharaoh who is not named,” the nation was 
			plunged into social and religious chaos by a leader who overthrew 
			the historic gods of the two lands in his desire to follow a single 
			supreme and all-powerful deity, which he named aten. the 
			powerful priesthood of amun-ra blamed and sought destruction of the 
			hebrews for corrupting the forgotten pharaoh with their heretical 
			religious ideas. however, they sought to accomplish their 
			annihilation in a way that would not destroy the economy of egypt 
			since the two lands had become dependent on hebrew labor. by killing 
			all newborn males, the blight would gradually be removed from the 
			land within one generation. now, during the fourth year of a 
			fledgling dynasty, a new threat is taken from the waters of the nile 
			by the sister of pharaoh: a hebrew child who should rightfully be 
			put death as an offering to sobek, the crocodile-headed god. 
			however, the princess is childless and abundant signs and portents 
			signal the gods have an opinion in the matter.let the saga 
			begin.more information is available at the publisher -
			sherwood monastery 
			press.

knowing god study materials - 
 the 
			set of study materials for knowing god is now complete and 
			has been edited and updated on 3/30/2024. 
			both the student and
			teacher's/self study editions are 
			finished. go to knowing god 
			study center for the current downloads.  
knowing god audiobook now on 
			itunes - you can now get
			
			knowing god from the itunes store. it has the blackstone 
			audiobooks version from audible.com. it was recorded in 1990 by rob 
			gregory. you must have itunes on your computer or be willing to put 
			it on your computer to get the book.



			[news] [current 
            writings] [quotes of note]

current writings 
            
weblog/blogging efforts - 
			for my current and past musings check out my blog,
			beyond 
			the rim... for those of you unfamiliar with blogs, they are 
			basically postings that take the form of a journal, but on the web. updating a blog is 
			called "blogging" and the person who writes the blog is called a "blogger." 
			most blogs are updated daily. the postings on a blog are generally 
			arranged in chronological order with the current entries at the top 
			of the blog's home page. it takes discipline to write a blog and 
			keep it even reasonably current. that is the reason i am blogging; i 
			want that kind of discipline.[news] [current 
            writings] [quotes of note]
quotes of note
loss -  "any loss, especially when deep, opens the heart to 
			the memory of loss itself. our greatest loss has always been 
			eternal, our natural born separation from god. even becoming a born again 
			christian does 
			not remove the deep memory of that loss." - william meisheid 
			 

[past quotes]

[breaking 
            news][current writings] [quotes 
            of note]  

you can help my efforts by using the safe and 
				easy paypal link to donate.



[news] [current 
            writings] [quotes of note]


meanderings...

items of interest
knowing god study center - 
			a center for the 
			study of j. i. packer's book, knowing god.
-
            more info>>.


my blog/weblog -

beyond the 
			rim...
 


good shepherd 
			- my church. it meets at
			
			736 edmonson avenue, catonsville, md 21228

umbc 
            	- my college
1000 
            hilltop circle, baltimore, md 21250
ancient studies -my major

sageline 
            publishing - my business

today's terminology
retrosexual - n. adheres to biblical sexual 
            mores and western civilization's traditional respect for women.
see my
				
				blog post on the subject.
for more 
            terminology.  

refdesk.com - 
            the single best composite source for facts and information on the web.


this is my counter.











all items copyright 
	2003-2021 william g. meisheid
this site was last updated 03/30/2024



