








martin north - cannon beach, oregon







































































call martin north









family of properties

stephanie inn
stephanie inn dining room
public coast brewing
public coast farm


careers
giving
get in touch

contact
partnerships


 

 
 
 


























































❮






❯











stephanie and i share a deep and lasting love for the oregon coast; its wild and timeless beauty and endless possibilities for adventure and discovery create the perfect setting for those moments we never forget. we’re committed to providing our guests with hospitality that makes them feel cared for, nourished and renewed.  we invite you to cannon beach to relax, reconnect and create cherished experiences with us.
stephanie & ryan snyder, owners, martin north





discover true hospitality
welcome to martin north, a family of hotels and restaurants in cannon beach, and a very special farm located on the sunset highway between portland and the pacific.   founded in 1979 by hoteliers steve and jan martin, martin north properties are now owned by their daughter, stephanie and her husband ryan snyder, and operated by the management team of columbia hospitality.  together, ryan, stephanie and the columbia hospitality team are committed to delivering world class, one of a kind guest experiences on oregon’s magical north coast.
martin north properties include the distinctive, oceanfront hotel— named #1 best hotel in the pacific northwest by condé nast traveler, top 15 best beach resorts in the u.s. & top 500 best hotels in the world by travel + leisure – stephanie inn and restaurant stephanie inn dining room.  notable for farm-sea-to-table fare, innovative cocktails and an expansive northwest wine list, stephanie inn dining room isn’t simply a coastal pnw restaurant, it’s an experience.
the award-winning public coast brewing co. brews over a dozen beers on-site and serves tasty, pub-style fare while celebrating oregon’s 363 miles of public coastline. public coast farm, a 40-acre farm on historic route 26, grows blueberries, hops, honey, and more for our properties.
but the heart of our company is the team, who provide our guests each day with an enjoyable, spirit-nourishing environment. this people-first philosophy translates to guest service that’s personalized, memorable and keeps our fans returning year after year.




stephanie inn


stephanie inn dining room


spa stephanie


public coast brewing co.


public coast brewing co. pub


public coast farm







join our team of hospitality professionals
       
martin north, along with our partners columbia hospitality are committed to providing a positive work environment with exceptional training and growth for our team members.
        
 view current job openings 












martin north

148 e gower
cannon beach,
                  oregon
97110


503-436-1197










we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. agree









<script src="https://www.google.com/recaptcha/api.js?onload=onloadcallback>

