










home - fremont chamber of commerce - ca























































  
















skip to content




























menu 
directoryabout what we do meet the board meet the staff contact usmembers member application membership benefits job postings member loginservices advocate community promoteevents chamber events festival of the arts burger & brew fest fremont street eats holidays at the plaza community events submit a community eventjoin today!








 















 
thank you for a great fse season!join us next year starting may 2nd.


learn more


 


 
holidays at the plazajoin us for our first holidays in the plaza event on december 6th.


learn more


 






























welcome to the fremont chamber of commerce






the mission of the fremont chamber of commerce is to promote, support, and enhance a positive business environment.

















					directory				








					jobs				








					news				








					events				








					hot deals				







					faqs				





















mark your calendar










view all events







































                                diversified mortgage group                            














                                hops & beans                            














                                haller's                            














                                the club house                            






next
previous




















what the chamber can help you do...
















 
promote & grow your business 
 














 
support your community 
 














 
influence policy through advocacy 
 



















become a member
membership in the fremont chamber of commerce is one of the smartest decisions a business can make. the chamber offers a wide array of benefits exclusive to chamber members designed to help them grow their business and ensure success.
chamber members have access to a variety of marketing and advertising opportunities the help reach their target markets. the many networking opportunities and events hosted throughout the year assist members in developing the relationships critical to business success.







become a member










 












© 2025 fremont chamber of commerce – ca
 | 
site by growthzone












building business. building community.




















fremont chamber of commerce









map and address




39500 stevenson pl., ste. 109 fremont, ca 94509 










phone number




510.795.2244 










email




fmtcc@fremontbusiness.com











facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram





youtube






















 © 2025 fremont chamber of commerce - ca.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















