








window connection replacement windows dallas



















































the window connection replacement windows dallas
 

home
mission

about us
founders resume
replacement windows
references & reviews
window gallery
web gallery


links

industry links
manufacturers
our competitors
suppliers
installation video


windows

single hung vinyl
double hung vinyl
single hung aluminum
double hung aluminum
bays and bow windows
wood windows
vinyl casement windows
 wood casement windows


doors

exterior doors
french doors
sliding doors
storm doors


contact

contact information












the window connection
residential windows & doors
for dallas, plano, carrollton, mckinney, frisco, and all of north texas
learn more!


offering ten
different window
manufacturers!
more replacement window choices for you and your home
contact us today! 


replacement windows
 in more styles!
more colors and options than any other supplier or installation contractor in north texas
contact us today! 


entry systems
storm doors and french doors
offering fiberglass, aluminum, vinyl, iron and hardwood doors.
contact us today! 


better windows
better installs
the most award winning window installations in dallas
call us today! 







windows and doors for dallas & north texas
contact us!

call us today!









vinyl windows
 

vinyl windows
offering ten different vinyl replacement window manufacturers with three to five models each means more options for your home vinyl windows. vinyl windows make up more than 80% of the market in the dallas fort worth metroplex. we offer cheap vinyl windows, high quality mid ranged replacement windows as well as the most amazing high end vinyl windows. dallas and its suburbs have diverse home styles with different needs for the home windows depending on the architecture layout and curb appeal. options include casements, double paned and triple paned windows; low e glass with argon, or krypton gas for the best performing vinyl windows. dallas has choices that only the most experienced of installation providers can offer. we proudly offer alside, nt windows, simonton, don young company, jeldwen, atrium, lansing, burris and associates, mi industries and other local and nationally known brands of quality vinyl windows. with exterior finishes in custom colors from three different window manufacturers, it just makes sense to know the options on vinyl windows!

by dave  | vinyl windows,  nt windows, replacement windows, presidential, energy master, traditions, executivelearn more!




black vinyl windows
 

black windows
among the more popular new trends in vinyl replacement windows is the use of the black window. many manufacturers do a vinyl that is white on the inside and painted outside. most painted exteriors have a ten year warranty. 
 
fiberglass is sometimes used but can be costly. 
 
black inside and out is not as common and may limit the number of manufacturers that can help. 
 
it's important to note that black windows on one or both sides are more expensive than standard white, tan or even adobe and clay colored windows. 
 
black over black is one of the most sought after design features in modern windows. these show grids between the glass but simulated divided lite grids are also available.
 
 

by dave  | vinyl windows,amsco windows,replacement windows,black windows,black inside,black outside 




window installation
 

window installation
window installation is the most important part of any replacement window project. the way the window is measured, the way the old window is removed and the installation are the most important parts of the project.
 
almost anyone can tear out a window and some folks can put one in and get it square and working properly. the real devil is in the details.
 
caulking beads are crucial and the defining look in a window replacement project. we have special techniques that no one else uses. it's more time consuming but it's worth it in the finished product.
 
we take care in protecting floors, doing better clean up, addressing alarms, protecting walls and just doing a higher caliber of installation. while anyone can sell you products, and they can use virtually anyone to install the products. the difference in a good job and a mediocre job is about the level of caring that comes from the provider.

by dave  |  
window installation, install, installers, contractors, sub-contractors, employees, qualitylearn more!




replacement windows
 

replacement windows
replacement windows can offer more than 4 times the heat reflective capabilities of a typical builders grade double pane vinyl window. u values can be all the way down to .16 with a triple pane window with krypton gas. energy star rated isn't the whole story on a home improvement and especially vinyl windows. a replacement window is generally manufactured without fins and has a more substantial frame than do builders grade cheap vinyl windows. replacement windows can have custom exterior colors, styles, interior woodgrains and other options that make average into spectacular. replacement windows can offer grids between the glass or simulated divided lite grids for a classic look and a great window option. because replacement windows are utilized in existing homes, there is a great deal of skill involved in preserving and protecting the floors, sills, brick and sheetrock in a replacement window project. skill and experience have no substitute when it comes to installing replacement windows in a way that will last a lifetime.

by dave  | replacement windows, dallas, texas, builders grade, vinyl, double, triple, pane, paned, vinyl replacement windowslearn more! 




casement windows
 

casement windows
this is a great update that we've used in dallas for years. there are more styles than just picture windows or single hungs and double hungs. this casement style has swinging end glass panels with interior screens. new wood trim and we have a very happy  customer in dallas.  this type of window looks great with a grid pattern  called prairie lite grids and it can really lend to a cottage feel. i use this a great deal in the side dining room window or the kitchen window as it speaks to having been replaced with a great window and that brings the home improvement to light for potential buyers of the property. it really can say "i've thought about the details on my window replacement." resale value of a home is always increased with the right updates. this is how the professionals flip houses. you can enjoy great windows and get a resale value upside as well with the right replacement windows.

by dave  | casement, vinyl windows,  vinyl casement windows, alside windowslearn more!




window installation


window and door installation
 
skill in installation is not talked about very much except in blogs and window reviews. the biggest variable can be the window but it can also be the window installation provider himself. we are very proud to be the most award winning window and door installation contractor in dallas. d magazine best of dallas contractor, former guest contractor for the learning channel, nt window dealer of the year, editorial resource for dallas metro home improvement magazine, design consultant for wfaa channel 8 designing dfw dream home, a rated by the bbb and angie's list. we were also named in 2017 as a top 16 installation provider of the 313 that are out there. we bring more installation experience and care to every home we work on.  no one can offer more expertise and experience. bad window reviews are all over the internet and installation is the main complaint. find a contractor that really knows how to produce the best results for your home.

by dave  | window installations, installers, contractors, replacement windows, vinyl window suppliers,,installationlearn more!! 




narrow frame windows


narrow frame windows
many of the windows offered in the current market have very fat frames. lots of plastic to look at instead of glass to look out of. for many homeowners this kind of home window is just not aesthetically pleasing. too much vinyl isn't a pleasant part of vinyl replacement or vinyl builders grade windows. we are proud to offer window manufacturers that have narrow frame windows as well as the usual options. 
 
generally the difference is to move towards single hung vinyl windows instead of double hung windows. double hung vinyl windows are naturally more bulky while single hung windows are more streamlined with more glass. they also perform better, have more glass and are easier to clean with a water hose. 
 
as a rule a single hung vinyl window will have a u value that is a point better than a double hung vinyl window as well. 
 
these are picture windows that don't operate but we also have operating style windows with less frame as well. 

by dave  | narrow frame vinyl windows, coppell, texas, single hung, double hung, replacement windowslearn more!




exterior doors


exterior doors
exterior doors, full glass and french doors  from more quality door manufacturers than anyone in dallas!  thermatru, provia, mai, general door and more! we offer tall storm doors, several models of french doors in fiberglass, steel and wood options.  entry systems with sidelites, transomes, adjustable thresholds and amazing hardware. more importantly, we offer the high quality door installation that makes your doors a joy to see and use for decades to come. doors should always be prehung with new jambs and thresholds but some major variables are jamb thickness, type of jamb, factory painting options, color of threshold, hardware and types of trim. all these play a big factor in the cost of a door. there are even a dozen types of full glass doors on the market and knowing the difference is a really great idea when making a home improvement decision.

by dave  | exterior doors,  french doors, entry systems, sidelites, transomeslearn more!




wood windows


wood windows
some windows have a classic feel and look that is amazing and can only be accomplished with wood windows. dallas has historical districts, homeowners associations and parts of town that are just known for the wood window look. we are wood window experts and among the few contractors in dallas with tens of thousands of dollars in hands on experience with this amazing home improvement. 
 
we see them in lakeland, highland park, university park and use them in kessler park in the historical homes that just need that special look. for the most part it's the grids. these were true divided lite grids with wood that protrudes from the inside and outside of the glass, in modern context we have the simulated divided lite grid to accomplish this goal and the look is truly timeless as far as a wood window look. 
 
this is a jeldwen wood window but we also use marvin, andersen, pella and other big names in the window world.

by dave  | wood windows, wood replacement windows, window grids, sdl, divided lite, simulated divided lite, true grids, highland park, kessler park, historical, homeowners associationlearn more!




vinyl picture windows
 

vinyl picture windows
picture windows are a way to get more of a view of the back yard and have grown in popularity as  replacement windows on  homes. windows that once had a horizonal bar in them and opened for ventilation are now a bit less popular as far as design in a remodeling context. we don't open windows much in texas  and having the more open look is a great way to make a room  look bigger and bring the outdoor living space in closer. its a way to really update the look. when they're close to the ground they do require tempering which is a slightly higher cost in replacement windows but the look is considerably more modern and inviting. this set up has windows that move up and down as flankers but casements can be used to eliminate all of the horizonal lines and really open up the opening while keeping the ability to ventilate. knowing the options in replacement windows is a big plus. we're here to help you know all of what's available.

by dave | picture windows, vinyl, replacement windows, full view, tempered, solid glasslearn more!




bronze replacement windows


bronze replacement windows
bronze has made a come back in windows. formerly thought of as a dated look, design trends in all things resurface.  bronze, black and other custom exterior colors let you pick and choose the color palette of your home and the replacement window industry caught up with that. 
      
     bronze windows can be aluminum but those won't meet energy code requirements in many cities.
     
this is the right product if you need bronze color inside as well as outside the home.
 
vinyl offers a two toned approach with a painted exterior on a white or a tan interior.  vinyl is more energy efficient and meets energy star requirements in dallas and surrounding areas.
 
 we offer several manufacturers with this option.  bronze made a come back.  get the window color that is best for your home!
 

by dave  |  
bronze replacement windows, dallas, texas, vinyl, aluminum, custom, colors, exteriorslearn more! 




cost verses value of replacement windows


cost and value of windows
what is the cost of windows verses the value? many customers think they will never get the value from new windows back at the sale of the home.  
      
this chart from remodeling magazine tells a different tale.  the number they come up with is just under 75% recouped at the time of sale on windows that cost $16,000. the sizes and costs used are for products we generally sell at around $8,000 with our lower overhead and lower marketing costs.
       

 
this is why we are a favorite of house flippers and investors.  we are  cheaper than many of our larger competitors without sacrificing quality of product and with a level of installation  that is miles ahead of our worthy competitors.
 

by dave  |  
cost of windows,value of windows,dallas,texas,window cost, costslearn more! 




storm doors
 

storm doors
storm doors are great when they work right and just awful when they don't. we are proud to offer our no-sag doors in all sizes including very tall eight foot tall storm doors in both full glass and operating or ventilating as well. in white, beige and the illusive dark brown or bronze color. more than just great looking, they will hang correctly for decades and unlike big box store doors they never sag and always seal.
 
this is a north texas favorite and for those in plano, mckinney, frisco and other points north of dallas it's tough to find! it's an eight foot tall storm door. we have the air tight storm door you're looking for in solid glass and operating (ventilating) models. they open to let air in and catch a breeze. it's truly dallas and fort worth's best storm door. call us today and we can help you find the perfect storm door.

by dave  |  storm doors, operating, full glass, full view, tall storm doors, eight footlearn more!




sunrooms, enclosures and siding
 

sunrooms, enclosures and siding
these can seem so expensive but they really aren't when you know where to go. sunrooms can be installed in just a few days with patio covers and arbors at just one day of actual labor.  for the smart home owner this can be an amazing home improvement at an amazingly affordable cost.  
 
many times adding square footage is a great way to increase home value before a sale as well. space or value, or perhaps both if you make the move now and enjoy it for a while. call us today and let us show you how cost effective it can be to add living space to your home with a great new sunroom, or how to cool off in the back yard with a new thermally insulated patio cover or arbor.

by dave | sunrooms, patio covers, arbors, cedar, aluminum, enclosures, porch, patiolearn more!








recent window news
 




exterior doors
see our residential replacement exterior doors and french doors.




replacement windows
our gallery of 400+ pictures of our past work in dallas and surrounding areas.




cost of windows
what do wood or vinyl replacement windows actually cost?




energy savings from windows
electric bills can only go up and if you're house has trouble cooling it can only get worse.




windows increase home value
the cost vs. value report for 2018 shows windows increase a home value at 76% of retail cost. we sell cheaper than average!




storm doors
where can i look at storm doors and do you have tall storm doors?




vinyl windows in plano
a few shots of our window replacement projects in plano texas



vinyl replacement windows coppell
a great vinyl window project or two from the city of coppell texas.



vinyl windows richardson
a few vinyl replacement window projects from richardson texas



vinyl windows garland texas
converting some single hung builders grade windows into wonderful vinyl picture windows in garland texas



vinyl windows addison texas
coolest little town in north texas is surely addison. here's what we did there.



replacement  windows southlake texas
some of our work in southlake texas. yes we do get around a little bit.



vinyl windows arlington texas
an nt window project from arlington shows off this local window manufacturer.



vinyl windows rockwall texas
some from the folks on the other side of the lake in rockwall and heath.



vinyl windows dallas
a comprehensive page of styles of vinyl windows and homes here in the dallas area






replacement window reviews!



"dave traynor is one of the best experts in his field of work! his support for our tv dream home on our tv show on the abc network has been a wonderul experience to work with a great expert. i recomend dave and his company if your looking for someone honest and talented!"
susie homemaker designing dfw | wfaa channel 8 | dallas tx




"i felt good about  the angies list a rating and the bbb a rating.  it's good to know you're in good hands. these have really changed my life!"
martha p. farmers branch texas




"this is great. these are actually about 50% quieter than the double paned windows i had."
harry y. richardson texas




"i noticed it was quieter on the first day but the temperature being the same throughout the house is wonderful too!"
dave s. plano texas




"we were so pleased with our new storm door. it made all the difference to be able to open the door and ventilate"
mike r. dallas texas




"i appreciate the quality of the workmanship and the clean up work especially. they did a great job."
jeff s. lake highlands tx.







recent window projects

























stay connected!

facebook
facebook
twitter
linkedin
google reviews










 



 recent window happenings
 

nt window! one of our favorite manufacturers in dallas and surrounding areas is nt window. see some of their products here!  



the window connection blog. our blog has some specialty topics not on the website from sound proofing windows to heat conduction and other specialty topics. give it a visit!





recent  news

new replacement window gallery of 400 high resolution pictures of our work!!
our cool new before & after gallery of excellent vinyl window replacement installations!!




 stay connected

 
call us today. let us get you more information about replacement windows here in dallas! 
(972) 951-6120


 
 
 
if you prefer, email us about your  project and we'll get right back to you or send a note to get our email specials.









copyright 2025 the window connection
back to the top 







