









welcome to cave hill farm bed and breakfast - cave hill farm bed & breakfast






















































		skip to content	



 



cave hill farm bed & breakfast








    menu	
rooms
our history
location
things to do
event space
book now

  
			scroll down to content		












welcome to cave hill farm bed and breakfast


step into our 1830 historic manor nestled in the heart of the shenandoah valley! our location is perfect, just under ten minutes away from massanutten resort, a short fifteen-minute drive to shenandoah national park, and 20 minutes from harrisonburg, home of james madison university. each of our five guest rooms features a queen bed, private bathroom, electric fireplace, wifi, and television for your comfort and convenience. check-in time starts at 4 pm but we are happy to accommodate an early check-in. come experience our charming bed and breakfast where modern comforts meet timeless history, adorned with exquisite antiques that tell their own stories.












come stay with us!


we are dedicated to ensuring your stay is unforgettable and will do everything we can to meet any special requests. each room features down comforters, plush pillows, and premium linens for your comfort. every morning, enjoy a delicious homemade breakfast, served with locally roasted coffee and tea in our charming historic dining room. we look forward to welcoming you to the manor for a relaxing and memorable visit!

our rooms
book now













our 250+ year history


cave hill farm was granted to the hopkins family by king george ii of england in 1759. this farm was always referred to as “cave hill farm” because the cave, which is located just past the guest parking lot, was such a great place for good, clean water right out of the ground. in the late 1800’s, the farm had a 15-acre wine growing operation. in recent years, it has been a dairy and poultry farm, producing products for local processors, as well as a grain farm, producing some of the finest wheat for local use in nearby flour mills.

read more












nestled in shenandoah valley


we are nestled in the the shenandoah valley! surrounded by the blue ridge mountains and the shenandoah river, cave hill farms bed and breakfast offers a perfect backdrop for exploring local culture, nature, and artisan experiences. from visiting the stoney run artisans gallery, shopping at various farmers markets, and enjoying lavender products at white oak lavender, to discovering the virginia quilt museum and james madison university, there’s something for everyone. the area also boasts a thriving brewery and winery scene, with cave hill farms brewery just steps away. outdoor enthusiasts can enjoy shenandoah national park, skyline drive, and thrilling cavern adventures like luray caverns and grand caverns. virginia truly is for lovers of nature, history, and craft! 



our location
things to do














hold an event at cave hill farm bed and breakfast


as you enter our space, you’ll be captivated by the rich history that permeates every corner, adding depth and character to your special occasion. the sweeping views of the surrounding mountains create a picturesque backdrop, providing a timeless charm perfect for gatherings of all occasions.

packages and pricing













		proudly powered by wordpress	






























































































































































































