











eltonfan.net - hercules international elton john fan club



 










 eltonfan.net  













home  |  news  |  tour  |  charts  |  board  |  archive  |  shop  |  links  |  faq  |  contact  


 







 
      













 search

			 eltonfan.net


 powered by





  
 





 welcome
to eltonfan.net 







this is an archived version of eltonfan.net hosted on eltonfan.heimbecher.net.



the urls eltonfan.net and eltonfan.com are available for sale. if you are interested, please contact sh12 [at] mailbox.org.




dear
elton fans,
as previously announced,
i have decided to discontinue
updating eltonfan.net as of march 31, 2017...
for various reasons. this archived version of the website will remain
online, but it won't be updated anymore. so feel free to use
it as an archive
for news, tour
dates & reviews, charts and a lot more.
the orginal hercules message board
has been been shut down in the meantime, but was replaced by a new message board hosted on another server. 

apart from the official
website eltonjohn.com, most of
you get their elton news from various other sources these days,
including facebook, instagram and other elton (fan) sites.
you might also want to consider
subscribing to the excellent news service by devoted elton fan wayne
martin - just drop him an e-mail
if you are interested.
i have been running
hercules (formerly known as rocket fan) for almost 30 years now, that's
far more than half of my lifetime. it
all started with an old-fashioned (analog) printed fanzine in 1988
before we entered the digital domain by launching eltonfan.net back in
1997. it has been a wonderful journey and i am thankful that i was
allowed to experience it, but now it
is time to move on and to focus on other things.for now, i would like to thank you all for your
loyalty over all those years
and don't worry, i won't quit being an elton fan, so i might see you at
a concert or other kind of elton related event in the future.
take care,

p.s. my elton sale
is still running ...








 



 

©
1997-2017 by hercules international. hercules is not affiliated with
elton john`s management or the elton john aids foundation.  please note that this site has been discontinued on march 31, 2017 and will not be updated anymore.  







