












home - consumerman









































skip to content







consumerman





 






 







home
about
helpful links
get help
faqs
podcast archives




















				home			











consumerpedia, episode 79:tips for buying & sending flowers











identity theft and fraud:how to protect yourself









protect yourself from tax return identity theft – hundreds of thousands of americans become victims of tax-related identity theft each year. the average time for the irs to resolve tax-return-theft claims is 22 months.
it’s tax time! what you need to know – no new credits or deductions available this filing season. however, the irs did make inflation adjustments for more than 60 tax provisions, including tax rate schedules and standard deductions.
consumerpedia, episode 78: clothing rental subscriptions – clothing rental is an easy way to keep your wardrobe fresh without spending much money. in this episode, we’ll share tips on navigating the clothing rental world, including when and how to use fashion-for-hire sites.
consumerpedia, episode 77: amazon floods search results with ads – amazon is convenient, but too often it steers customers toward items it gets paid to promote. what’s the deal with all these ads and can you trust amazon to show you the best products and prices?
new federal rule bans hidden hotel & ticket junk fees – the federal trade commission’s (ftc) new junk fees rule, which was announced in mid-december and takes effect in mid-2025, requires all-in pricing for short-term lodging and live-event ticket sales.
government lawsuit alleges 3 big banks allowed ‘fraud to fester’ on zelle – the federal government accuses bank of america, chase, and wells fargo of “failing to protect consumers from widespread fraud” on zelle that resulted in losses of $870 million.
watch out: fake reviews are everywhere – the growing problem of deceptive reviews makes it challenging to get objective information about the products or services you plan to buy. here’s what you can do to spot dishonest reviews.
consumerpedia, episode 75: checkbook’s college of consumer knowledge – we’ve come up with a fun way to celebrate our 75th episode. it’s an old-fashioned radio quiz show, featuring the morning anchors at kiro newsradio in seattle. play along and test your consumer iq.
buying toys on overseas websites can be risky – cost-conscious consumers have discovered the crazy low prices offered by overseas sites, such as temu and shein, but the safety of these products is not guaranteed.
fraud alert: watch out for worthless gift cards – you’ve made your list and checked it twice. and when you go shopping, you want to get the most for your money and avoid trouble. checkbook’s tips will help you find the best deals and avoid a holiday debt hangover.


more stories








               













be a smart shopper
buying a car
credit vs. debit cards
identity theft
credit scores






charity tips
find a credit counselor
get free credit reports
be prepared for an emergency
car buying tips
10 tips to avoid scams





gov’t information & services
consumer product safety
consumer reports
credit-card opt-out
do not call registry
federal trade commission
identity theft
unclaimed funds





avoiding online scams
cramming: mystery phone charges
fbi: be crime smart
ftc: scam watch
internet crime prevention
mystery shopper scam
national fraud center
onguard online: computer security
scambusters
time share resale scams
urban legends & rumors






















home | 
			about | 
			helpful links | 
			get help | 
			faqs

knowledge is power. the consumerman gives you the information you need to be a smarter consumer.













			© 2025 herb weisbaum, the consumerman. all rights reserved.
			








			privacy policy: the consumerman site does not collect or keep personally identifiable information. third-party vendors and their ad networks (including google) use cookies, clear gifs, or web beacons to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to consumerman.com and other sites. you may opt out of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page. you may opt-out of many other third-party cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page.
		    











sign up for free newsletter
herb’s free weekly newsletter includes links to checkbook stories and podcasts, as well as other important consumer news.
we will never share or sell this information.





email address: (required)
first name: 
last name: 












			×			












