
















♡ beauty and advise ♡







































































♡ beauty and advise ♡



♡ just a girl with a blog and a strong obsession over american horror story♡ 

























































































wednesday, october 23, 2013








♡ my fall wishlist ♡











                                                                                                                                                       macbook ♡♡♡♡                                                                                                                                   omg i have been wanting one forever, i don't have a laptop or computer, well i've never had one so i deserve a macbook lol . i am a person who is really into editing stuff, like videos and pictures. i have heard that they are really good for editing stuff and i just needed it. it would just be the perfect thing for fall and just everything in general :)

♡ red cherry doc martens♡ 
i've been wanting to get my hands on red cherry doc martens since forever! they would be perfect for fall and all the fall outfits i plan to wear ♡
i do have black docs but that's only cause when i went to buy red cherry docs they only had size 8 in them and i'm a 5 :( so i got black docs lol

poleroid camera 300♡
i've also been wanting a poleroid camera 300. i first heard of them on tumblr and i started to get into poleroids ever since then and they have just always been something i want.

mary janes!♡ 
 i can not get over how cute they are! they aren't even expensive it's just they  sell them at urban outfitters and i live no where near one

brandy melville oriana cardigan ♡
 i personally do not like brandy melville it's just to many basic girls shop there and i'm really not into having the same clothes as people but, the oriana cardigan is just too darn cute! it is a little bit pricey but i'm willing to get it. it would most definally make fall more wonderful.

smash box bb cream♡ 
i tired it out at sephora and it was just wonderful! i fell in love. it is just too over priced, but maybe that's why it's so good. i'm trying save money up just for it and it would make my skin a little darker but still flawless :)

that's it for my wishlist ♡ a little short lol but yeah :) the day i get any of these things i will be extremely happy♡♡   also i will be posting blogs daily or every other day  and if you have any request just tell me♡
have beautiful wonderful day and don't forget today's wensday and that mean american horror story's on tonight :):):)♡



follow my twitter ♥ 





posted by



unknown




at

5:17 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2013

(1)





        ▼ 
      



october

(1)

♡ my fall wishlist ♡










about me




unknown



view my complete profile











































ethereal theme. powered by blogger.
























