

listen to the best podcasts & shows online, free | iheartyour librarypodcastsnewsstream top podcastsstream the best podcasts from your favorite stationsall topicsall topicstop overalltop true crimerelationshipscomedytrue crimecuriositysociety & culturesportsbusiness & financenewshealthlatinxpoliticsspiritualityentertainmentrewatch tv podcastsmusichistorylgbtqscience & technologyfictioninfluencers & hostsfoodgames & hobbieskids & familymindfulnessspookytalkbacktravelclimatepopular podcastson purpose with jay shettyi’m jay shetty host of on purpose the worlds #1 mental health podcast and i’m so grateful you found us. i started this podcast 5 years ago to invite you into conversations and workshops that are designed to help make you happier, healthier and more healed. i believe that when you (yes you) feel seen, heard and understood you’re able to deal with relationship struggles, work challenges and life’s ups and downs with more ease and grace.
i interview experts, celebrities, thought leaders and athletes so that we can grow our mindset, build better habits and uncover a side of them we’ve never seen before. new episodes every monday and friday. your support means the world to me and i don’t take it for granted — click the follow button and leave a review to help us spread the love with on purpose. i can’t wait for you to listen to your first or 500th episode!dateline nbccurrent and classic episodes, featuring compelling true-crime mysteries, powerful documentaries and in-depth investigations. follow now to get the latest episodes of dateline nbc completely free, or subscribe to dateline premium for ad-free listening and exclusive bonus content: datelinepremium.comthe breakfast clubthe world's most dangerous morning show, the breakfast club, with dj envy and charlamagne tha god!see allfeatured podcastscrook countyken tekiela was a celebrated chicago firefighter and a loving father of two who led a secret double life as a hitman for the chicago mafia. is it even possible to keep a life of crime hidden from your wife and kids for two decades? yes, it is. i know because ken is my father. in 2013, after a lifetime of deception, he broke down and told me everything, and our whole world changed…
crook county is the shocking true-crime podcast about my father's rise through the ranks of the legendary organized crime syndicate, the chicago outfit. from whorehouse doorman at the age of 17, to ruthless assassin in his 20's, and the many years that followed covering up crimes for the mafia and crooked cops alike while working as a firefighter/paramedic for the chicago fire department. to finally, moving to the suburbs with his new wife and kids and trying desperately to put it all behind him, until it all came crashing down. we explore in great depth and detail my father’s life of crime and its profound and lasting impact on my family to this very day.
from tenderfoot tv and iheartpodcasts, i’m kyle tekiela, welcome to crook county.la made: the other moonshot“la made” is a series exploring stories of bold californian innovators and how they forever changed the lives of millions all over the world. each season will unpack the untold and surprising stories behind some of the most exciting innovations that continue to influence our lives today.
season 3, "la made: the other moonshot," tells the story of three black aerospace engineers in los angeles, who played a crucial role in america’s race to space, amid the civil unrest of the 1960s. when joanne higgins was growing up in compton in los angeles, she heard her godfather, charlie cheathem, tell stories about his key role in the apollo mission to the moon. as an adult, she realized that his experiences — and those of other black engineers — had been left out of the history books. she set out to record for the first time the accounts of these men, now in their 90s, whose crucial contributions to the early days of the apollo mission have been overlooked — or taken credit for by others — despite their ingenuity and determination. 
season 2, “la made: the barbie tapes,” tells the backstory of the world’s most popular doll, barbie. barbie is a cultural icon but what do you really know about her? hear barbie's origin story from the people who created her. co-hosted by antonia cereijido and m.g. lord, author of forever barbie: the unauthorized biography of a real doll, hear the wild stories from never-before-heard tapes of interviews with barbie inventor ruth handler, her wardrobe designer and the sculptors and fabricators, and the innovative marketers who made her what she is today. this 3-part series premieres july 6, 2023.
season 1, “la made: blood, sweat & rockets,” tells the hidden story of the fearless, groundbreaking and ambitious crew who shaped our quest to outer space and ushered in the early days of space exploration at pasadena’s jet propulsion laboratory (jpl) at caltech. known as the “suicide squad,” the team’s road to triumph was fraught with controversies involving the occult, a suspected spy ring, unplanned explosions, and a suspicious death. join writer and life-long aerospace fanatic m.g. lord as she uncovers their story and reveals the shocking origins of rocket science in this 12 episode season.
support for this podcast is made possible by gordon and dona crawford, who believe that quality journalism makes los angeles a better place to live. this podcast was made possible with support from the committee for greater la in partnership with the weingart foundation.the g.o.t.e.seth curry and tray edwards break down the true g.o.t.e.s — greatest of their era.see alliheart podcast networks topics© 2025 iheartmedia, inc.helpprivacy policyterms of uselearn more
