












welcome to city of cameron, wv









 




[ home ] [ city hall ] [ businesses ] [ organizations ] [ location ]




[city

council] [landmarks] [parks

& recreation] [water/sewer]




 [cameron

library] [fire

department] [police department]









 please
conserve water...mine notification and map link below...water buffalo located in
cameron city parking lot has been shut down as of today, july 8th, 2024...monday
- sunday 24 hours a day...call 304-686-2213 to report suspicious activity or
need of assistance...reports will be kept confidential...take an active role in
your community... 










       

    



a small town with a

      population of 843 residents in 2019 according to city-data.com. cameron is

      located in the northern panhandle of scenic west virginia, cameron is a

      growing family-based community rich in religious values, heritage and

      history. the irish have

      played an important role in the development  and building of america.

      cameron was named for an irishman named samuel cameron after

      the finishing of the baltimore and ohio railroad in 1852. at this time the

      honor of naming the town was given to an irishman named david mcconaughey who christened it

      cameron in honor of his friend samuel cameron, a railroad official of

      prominence, who in 1853 took cholera at moundsville,

      died, and was taken to charles town, jefferson county, virginia, for

      burial. cameron is not only a community of unique architecture and scenic

      beauty but a safe place to raise a family. located in the tri state area of ohio, pennsylvania and west

      virginia cameron is seventeen miles east of moundsville,

      the county seat of  marshall

      county, twenty-seven miles east of wheeling

      and three hundred fifty miles west of baltimore, maryland




cameron

      is located in marshall county

      which is a county located in the u.s. state of west virginia. it is part

      of the wheeling, west virginia metropolitan statistical area. as of 2000,

      the population was 35,519. its county seat is moundsville. its southern

      border is the mason-dixon line. marshall county is home to the largest

      conical burial mound in north america, at moundsville. marshall county was

      formed in 1835 from ohio county by act of the virginia assembly. in 1852,

      on christmas eve, workers completed the baltimore & ohio railroad at

      rosby’s rock in marshall county. it is home to the new vrindaban

      community of hare krishnas, and prabhupada’s palace of gold.




monday - sunday 24 hours a

day
any resident needing assistance
or
witnesses anything that you feel needs to be reported
call

304-686-2213
always call this number even if

officer is on duty in cameron




boil
order lifted 01-30-2025
 
boil
order lifted
 
sewer
tariff form no.12
 
conserve
water notice
 
precautionary
water conservation
 
coal
mine letter
 
coal
mine map
 
department
of human services 
 
water
projects grant 2024
 
water
increase tariff form
 
unoccupied
building demolition grant letter
 
city
garage grant award letter

usda


we are not accepting payment for brick
        markers at this time. you may however submit your form.


when we receive 14 orders we will contact
        you for payment to order the bricks. brick markers $50.00 made payable to



         

      

the cameron landmarks commission


mail to: the city of cameron


44 main street


cameron, wv 26033


(304) 686-2366


print form for

        mailing

water notifications-wens
council meeting agendas


city

of cameron awarded work zone sign package to improve highway and worker safety










cameron water & sewer service

make your utility payment by clicking

      
www.cameronwaterpayments.com

or by calling

      
 

      
1-800-701-8560 

ncourt








 

    

 

    



web site last updated 02-14-2025

  designed by mmldesign 

