

cornucopia software, makers of practice magic









cornucopia software 
makers of practice magic
    psychotherapy billing software 


 
about
    magic/faq
pricing
    and 
    ordering
what's
    new
report
    a bug
place
    order
support
online
    manuals
about
    cornucopia
products
    and links
download
    demo
 

 welcome to cornucopia
    software, makers of practice magic, the billing and practice management software that
    counts for your psychotherapy practice. if you are looking for the website of philip
    manfield, ph.d., go to www.philipmanfield.com.
    cornucopia software offers reasonably priced psychotherapy billing software for both
    macintosh (all but lion os and later) and all windows operating systems. once you've tried
    magic, you'll understand why practice strategies cited practice magic as one
    of the two (out of 19) that were recommended as the best for solo practices. (the other
    recommended package costs eight times as much as magic) 
for questions about the  cms-1500 insurance form
    in use since april, 2014  or new cpt codes that came into use 1/1/13, or the npi#  and special instructions to accommodate these, please
    click on what's new. icd-10 diagnose codes are now integrated in practice magic software.
    and are currently displayed for diagnosis help.
please note: we regret to announce that
    practice magic does not work on the new mac operating system, lion, or subsequent mac native operating systems, and never will,
    other than in a windows environment on the same machine. the company that produced our
    compiler, has gone out of business, so the compiler is not being updated for lion and we
    will not be able to recompile to establish lion compatibility.
from this website you can:

find information about
        practice magic including pricing and ordering information.
download
 a working demo copy of the program with all the magic
        features. the demo will expire after approximately one month.  all data you have
        entered will be automatically imported into the full magic program.
those who already use magic
        can obtain enhanced support services. 
our on-line
        user's manual provides a detailed table of contents with hyperlinks for each entry and
        a trouble shooting section with detailed suggestions and hyperlinks to appropriate
        sections of the manual. 
there are also pages to help
        you report bugs and suggest improvements
        to our products and services. 

if you don't find what you
    are looking for here, you may contact us at:
    e-mail address: 
    postal address: p.o. box 6111, albany, ca 94706.
you are visitor number
  to this site.




