





bonnie brae deer farming







bonnie brae farms

    601 daniel webster highway
    plymouth, nh 03264-4314
    phone (603) 536-3880
    fax (603) 536-2649


who we are
what we do

sign the bonnie
brae guestbook!
you are the 1109670th person to visit since feb. 8, 1998
bonnie brae farms was featured on food finds on
the food network!

new! online directions to bonnie brae farms.






breeding stock



venison




velvet antler







working with bonnie brae farms - what do we offer?



breeding stock



venison



velvet antler and other co-products



consulting: pre- and post-sale:



starting your business: business plans



working with your state/local requirements



preparing your property: pasture, facilities, fencing requirements.



seminars



marketing



training




learn more about what we offer
- or -
go directly to our order form
- or -
have information mailed to you
top



bonnie brae - beginnings:
deer farming has been around a
long time. ever since the mesolithic era (40,000 to 10,000 bc), man
has farmed deer for venison. it is a relatively new industry in
north america, however, with its modern roots set in the 1980's.
bonnie brae farms began as a quest
for a farming endeavor that would bring over 200 acres of old
farmland, which had been family property for three generations,
back to life. the intent was to make the property productive, while
at the same time keeping it open. in late 1992, henry and bruce
ahern starting investigating options, including aquaculture,
ostriches, and llamas.
ultimately, the search led to
the new hampshire farm and forest expo in february of 1993 and a
scheduled seminar on fish farming. however, the two brothers
discovered a seminar on deer farming to be held that morning. that
piqued their curiosity. they attended it, and came back with a whole
new train of thought. although aquaculture was not out of the picture
at this point, deer farming soon became the focal point of their
activities.
they visited both fallow and red
deer farms in maine, new hampshire, and vermont.  they spent four
days on a red deer farm, feeding, working, and enjoying the deer.
after running numerous calculations, doing extensive reading,
checking regulations, and attending other deer farm related meetings,
they made their decision - red deer.
autumn of 1993 was spent ordering and putting in poles and fence. deer were
selected and ordered in december, and the first twenty-seven animals arrived on february
17, 1994. bonnie brae farms was a reality!
located in plymouth, nh - the gateway to both the white mountains and the
lakes region - bonnie brae farms enjoys the exposure of busy route 3 just off
interstate 93, and the quiet of a rural neighborhood. as the third deer farm in the
state of new hampshire, bonnie brae farms has been able to utilize its location to
generate interest in deer farming and to educate the general public regarding raising
deer and the health benefits of venison.

top

members of:



north american deer farmers association (nadefa)




northeast deer and elk farmers (formerly nnedfa)




nh farm bureau (national farm bureau page)




nfib




nh game farmers association






 denotes link
denotes mail address






view our site map for easy navigation



e-mail us: admin@bonniebraefarms.com























business nh ring 




 [ join now | ring hub | random | << prev | next >> ] 















navigation

opening page
velvet antler
information request form
directions
what we offer

venison order form
velvet order form
venison
recipes
photographs
upcoming events
order from our bookstore
links




visit hda technical services 



