



find online schools and campus degree programs fast




























home


area of interest

businessaccountingbusiness administrationbusiness mangementfinancegraduate business degreeshuman resourcesmarketingoffice administrationproject managementdesignart & graphic designeducationchildhood developmenteducationgraduate degrees in educationjournalism, communication & writingpsychology, sociology & counselinghealth, beauty & wellnessbeauty & cosmetologyfitness & nutritionhealthcarebachelor's degrees in nursing (bsn)certified nursing assistant (cna)dental assistantdental hygienedialysis technologyemt, paramedic & fire technologyhealthcare administrationmassage therapymedical assistantmedical billing & codingmedical transcriptionnursing programspatient care technologypharmacy technologyphlebotomy technologyphysical & occupational therapypractical & vocational nurse (lpn/lvn)respiratory therapysurgical technologyultrasound technologyveterinary technologyx-ray technologylegal studiescourt reportercriminal justiceparalegal & legal assistantpolitics & public administrationtechnology3d & game designaudio, photo & videocomputer science & programminginformation technologynetwork administrationsoftware designtechnologyweb designvocational & tradeautomotive technologyculinaryheating, ventilation, & a/c repair 


location
alabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawarefloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniapuerto ricorhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashington d.c.washingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyomingalbertabritish columbiamanitobanew brunswicknewfoundlandnorthwest territoriesnova scotianunavutontarioprince edward islandquebecsaskatchewanyukon 

about us














 
search programs here
select your degree options below:
school type:onlinecampusallarea of interest
all areas
business
design
education
health, beauty & wellness
healthcare
legal studies
technology
vocational & trade
program of interest
all programs

accounting
business administration
business mangement
finance
graduate business degrees
human resources
marketing
office administration
project management


art & graphic design


childhood development
graduate degrees in education
journalism, communication & writing
psychology, sociology & counseling


beauty & cosmetology
fitness & nutrition


bachelor's degrees in nursing (bsn)
certified nursing assistant (cna)
dental assistant
dental hygiene
dialysis technology
emt, paramedic & fire technology
healthcare administration
massage therapy
medical assistant
medical billing & coding
medical transcription
nursing programs
patient care technology
pharmacy technology
phlebotomy technology
physical & occupational therapy
practical & vocational nurse (lpn/lvn)
respiratory therapy
surgical technology
ultrasound technology
veterinary technology
x-ray technology


court reporter
criminal justice
paralegal & legal assistant
politics & public administration


3d & game design
audio, photo & video
computer science & programming
information technology
network administration
software design
web design


automotive technology
culinary
heating, ventilation, & a/c repair

degree level
all degrees
high school diploma
associates
bachelors
masters
doctorate
diploma
certificate
other
graduate certificate
zip/postalrequired* 
 







subscribe to our mailing list




email address  *
















home






							keiser university						


since 1977, keiser university has maintained a practical, hands-on approach to career-focused education to help our students achieve their personal and professional goals.  our student-centered approach remains at the foundation of the keiser university mission and continues to attract students who prefer a more personal learning experience. 
at keiser university, you will find a warm, friendly community with faculty and staff truly committed to your success.  our small class sizes, individualized attention, and one-class-at-a-time schedules create a positive learning environment where you can excel.  whether your goal is to prepare for a new career or to advance with your current employer, keiser university is designed around your needs. 
keiser university advantage

associate, bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degree programs
day, evening, and online classes
financial aid to those who qualify
job placement assistance available
military-friendly, scholarships for qualified active duty personnel, veterans, and dependants.  yellow ribbon program participant, approved for veterans training

programs and delivery format vary by campus. courses are subject to change.
we help you find your new career
our department of student services will support you in your job search and help you achieve your career goals with services including counseling, assisting you with resume preparation, building a cover letter, and developing your interviewing skills.  
although keiser university provides placement assistance, we cannot promise or guarantee employment.
keiser university’s programs and curriculum remain in-line with technology and workforce trends, helping you develop the skills and qualifications necessary to succeed in today’s job market.  our career-focused programs make it possible for you to graduate in less time than you may think.  
keiser university is a private, not-for-profit university.
accreditation
keiser university is accredited by the southern association of colleges and schools commission on colleges (sacscoc) to award associate, baccalaureate, masters, educational specialist, and doctorate degrees. keiser university also may offer credentials such as certificates and diplomas at approved degree levels. questions about the accreditation of keiser university may be directed in writing to the southern association of colleges and schools commission on colleges at 1866 southern lane, decatur, ga 30033-4097, by calling (404) 679-4500, or by using information available on sacscoc’s website (www.sacscoc.org). 

program(s)







										bachelor of arts in psychology (online only)									



										associate of science in crime scene technology									



										master of science in organizational leadership									



										associate of science in medical assisting									



										bachelor of arts in business administration, with a concentration in transportation and logistics									



										associate of science in nursing									



										master of science in occupational therapy - bridge program									



										associate of science in occupational therapy assistant									



										bachelor of arts in business administration									



										associate of science in physical therapy assistant									



										associate of arts in accounting (online only)									



										associate of science in radiologic technology									



										as in exercise and sport science									



										bachelor of arts in criminal justice									



										bachelor of science in health science (online only)									



										bachelor of science in management information systems (online only)									



										bachelor of arts in accounting (online only)									



										bachelor of science in nursing (online only)									



										bachelor of science in biomedical sciences									



										associate of science in information technology									



										associate of arts in criminal justice									



										bachelor of arts in legal studies									



										master of science in clinical mental health counseling									



										bachelor of arts in health services administration (online only)									



										bachelor of science in imaging sciences - imaging administration concentration									



										bachelor of science in information technology management (online only)									



										bs in exercise and sport science									



										associate of arts in health services administration (online only)									




campus





									jacksonville								











learn more









							uei college						


here at uei college, our vocational and trade school programs are built around you. we know life can get busy, that’s why we offer morning and evening classes that put you back in control of your time. the wide range of programs we offer gives you the opportunity to get real-world experience at a local employer through an externship opportunity. our instructors will know your name and your challenges and respect the discipline it takes to come to school every day and work for a better future. learn more by requesting information today and take a step towards a future you can be proud of!
please note:  classes are only taught in english 

program(s)







										dental administration									



										electrician technician									



										automotive technician									



										medical billing and insurance coding									



										heating, ventilation and air conditioning (hvac)									



										medical assistant									




campus





									mesa								











learn more









							platt college						


since our opening in 1985, platt college has been dedicated to the principle that education is the foundation for personal and professional growth, and that students should have the opportunity to develop to their full potential.
at platt college, our mission is to provide a balanced program of instruction for our students to help them acquire the specialized knowledge and skills they need to take advantage of exciting career opportunities in many of today’s in-demand fields. we at platt college continuously update our offerings to best serve the needs of students and employers in today’s dynamic southern california business environment.
platt college los angeles, llc and its educational programs are licensed to operate by the california bureau of private postsecondary education (www.bppe.ca.gov) and the u.s. department of education.
platt college los angeles, llc is accredited by accrediting commission of career schools and colleges (accsc), recognized by the us department of education to accredit institutions of higher education across the united states. the primary purpose of accsc and other accrediting agencies is to establish and maintain high educational standards and ethical business practices among its accredited institutions.
which of our programs are you interested in?

business management
certified nurse assistant
criminal justice
cybersecurity
diagnostic medial sonography (ultrasound)
graphic design
information technology
medical assistant/medical admin specialist
occupational therapy assistant
respiratory therapy
veterinary technology
vocational nursing

(not all programs are available at all campuses) 

program(s)







										medical administrative specialist (hybrid)									



										medical assisting									



										information technology									




campus





									anaheim								











learn more









							southern technical college						


whether you need to upgrade your skills or change careers, southern technical college has the right program to fit your needs. let us show you how to get the skills you need in a short amount of time so that you can get into a new career fast!
what makes southern technical college for you?

convenient locations
financial assistance for those who qualify
hands-on training
small classes/individualized attention
career placement assistance
morning or evening classes available

why choose southern technical college:

industry experienced instructors
accredited by the accrediting council for independent colleges and schools
licensed by the commission for independent education, florida department of education

financial assistance and availability 
the financial aid team at southern technical college is committed to helping you find ways to finance your education. our team is trained to help you overcome the financial obstacles that may be standing in the way of your education.
southern technical college participates in several of the u.s. department of education’s federal financial aid programs, which are generally available to those who qualify. visit www.studentaid.ed.gov for more information, learn more about the types of financial aid available, and consumer information, or contact your local campus to speak member of our financial aid team
career placement assistance
our career service advisors can help you with resume writing, interviewing skills, employer contacts, and the latest job search techniques. we have years of experience in helping graduates gain employment in great jobs with great companies, and we are ready to help you, too! we cannot guarantee your success, but stc has an excellent record of helping graduates find and keep jobs in their field of study. success after graduation depends on many factors, and we are here to help you along the way!
southern technical college is licensed by the state of florida and accredited by the accrediting commission of career schools and colleges (accsc). 

program(s)







										diploma - medical assistant									



										a.a.s. - welding technology									




campus





									southwest campuses: tampa								











learn more





1







an esn interactive product 
    	:: clients
    	:: privacy policy
©2025 edusearch network inc. all rights reserved.











