   the mackey house | georgia's premier wedding & event venue               
skip to contenttoggle navigationhomeweddingscorporate & socialabout usour historyphoto galleryinvestmentcontact912-234-7404
the mackey house 20232023-08-11t14:07:29-04:00
sorry, your browser doesn't support embedded videos.a southern estatejust a seven-minute drive from downtown savannahwelcome to the mackey house, savannah’s premier choice for couples wishing to marry in the most magical, serene setting of the south. established by the mackey family in 1997, the mackey house sits on 150 acres of pristine, private, lakeside land and features countless options for truly customized weddings. step into this world of extraordinary southern charm that caters to up to 250 guests. come see why beautiful couples from throughout the united states feel comfortable choosing this estate for their most exquisite wedding day.start your tourthe most perfect day of our lives all thanks to the mackey house staff. thank so much to all i have no words. everything was beyond my expectations.-stephanie alvarzexperience the mackey housethe experiencethe mackey family will guide you through everything you need for an extraordinary wedding day in a magical place.learn moreabout usthe elegant mackey house is set on 150 acres of low country land rich with deep family history and memorable eventslearn moreinvestmentstart planning your special day with fair, transparent wedding pricing for exclusive use of the mackey house estate.learn morequestions?of course we’re here to answer any questions you may have. check here for some of the common ones we’re asked.learn morethe experience/tour
about us
our history
photo gallerypricing
types of events
frequently asked questions
contact190 red gate farms trail
savannah, ga 31405
912-234-7404coming soon: wedding blog© copyright 2025 |   designed by mosaic design group in collaboration with  brian lawrence      |   all rights reserved
close sliding bar areaabout my workphasellus non ante ac dui sagittis volutpat. curabitur a quam nisl. nam est elit, congue et quam id, laoreet consequat erat. aenean porta placerat efficitur. vestibulum et dictum massa, ac finibus turpis.recent worksrecent posts
what’s included in your southern wedding venue fee
tips for planning corporate events
top wedding cake tips for savannah couples
meet the newly improved mackey house
do you really need wedding insurance?
page load linkhomeweddingscorporate & socialabout usour historyphoto galleryinvestmentcontact912-234-7404                                                                

