


















liberty savings federal credit union













































please be aware of fraud calling & presidents' day closing
please be aware that some members have been receiving fraudulent phone calls. our number is showing on the caller id and the person calling is stating that they are a liberty savings representative. if you receive a call, please do not share any personal or financial information pertaining to your liberty savings accounts. we will never ask you for your username, password for online banking or your atm or debit card pin number.

in honor of presidents' day, all liberty savings branches will be closed on monday, february 17th. we will reopen for normal business hours on tuesday, february 18th. 



























branches & hours
atm locator
contact us
 

                                                   routing number: 221276118                                                  join online













loans

loan rates
loans by phone
credit builder loan
debt consolidation
autos: new & used
boats & other vehicles
mortgages
home equity
share/certificate secured
back-2-school loans
unsecured signature loans
visa credit cards
overdraft line of credit


deposits

deposit rates
direct deposit
payroll deduction
checking accounts
primary savings accounts
individual retirement accounts
certificate of deposits
money market accounts
holiday & vacation clubs
youth accounts


benefits

insurance services & products
assureguard auto add-on
courtesy pay
best drive auto center
new member welcome kit
free credit check
free classes & seminars
scholarships
student loan marketplace


24 hour access

libertylink online banking
mobile banking
remote deposit capture
zelle
atm/debit card
tellerphone
shared branch & atm locator
online bill pay


about us

our heritage
credit unions vs. banks
membership eligibility
new member welcome kit
careers
liberty horizons newsletter
frequently asked questions


applications & forms
locations & hours

















 access online banking
            
*all fields are required.











username:





password:




language:

english
spanish







register | forgot 
user id or 
  password?














































































      take advantage of our member-only rates. click below to find out more:
    





auto loans
as low as
6.75% apr




unsecured loans
as low as
10.00% apr




visa rates
as low as
11.00% apr




home equity
as low as
8.00% apr










welcome to liberty savings federal credit union
from savings to loans, our goal is to provide the best rates and lowest fees for all your financial needs. as a federal credit union, we’re owned and democratically controlled by our members—not by stockholders. this gives us the power to return profits in the form of low interest loans and superior customer service. we’re ready to help you achieve the american dream—whatever that may be for you.







join liberty savings online today!
are you ready to enjoy all the benefits of being a credit union shareholder? signing up online is simple. just click the link below and you’ll be ready to take advantage of our money-saving, member-only rates and offers, competitive terms on our entire suite of lending options, plus savings options that put you in control of your financial future. it couldn’t be any easier to get started.
 join online
 
 












spend and save smarter with visa rates as low as 11.00% apr*
• fraud protection & zero fraud liability
• no cost travel insurance & emergency services
• cash advance for your entire available credit
• easy application process & low fees
• accepted worldwide
find out more
 












our mobile app puts banking in the palm of your hand
view multiple accounts, check balances, transfer funds, sign up for updates and alerts, deposit checks, and much more! find out more
download the app today































buy a car




buy a house




get a loan

















upcoming classes & seminars
our free financial wellness courses are available to all liberty savings members. they’re a great way to study up on your financial knowledge, prep for upcoming purchases, or strengthen your budgeting skills. find out more





 








.

we’re awarding every hudson county high school with a $500 scholarship!
don't wait! all applications are due by june 1, 2020. we are now accepting submissions via email.


find out more & apply

no thanksi've already applied
















loans



deposits



benefits



general information
about us locations & hours membership eligibility liberty horizons newsletter privacy statement  fee disclosure disclosurescareers applications & forms



telephone: (201) 659-3900
email: memberservices@lsfcu.org
routing number: 221276118
click here to find a branch or atm


our locations
five corners
666 newark avenue
jersey city, nj 07306
north hudson
108 48th street
union city, nj 07087
city line
1347 john f. kennedy blvd.
bayonne, nj 07002


 link to join us on facebook!
 link to join us on youtube!
 link to join us on instagram!
 link to join us on twitter!













liberty savings fcu is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience in accordance with ada standards and guidelines. we are actively working to increase the accessibility and usability of our website to all people. if you are using a screen reader or other auxiliary aid and are having problems using this website, please contact us at (201) 659-3900 for assistance. all products and services available on this website are available at all liberty savings fcu branches. all loan eligibility, rates and terms listed on the website are determined by liberty savings federal credit union and are based on the borrower’s credit worthiness. rates and terms are subject to change without notice. your savings is federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government and national credit union administration, a u.s. government agency. ©2025 liberty savings federal credit union. all rights reserved.
privacy policy
site map
fee disclosure
 




 designed and developed by prager creative



























.
third party disclaimer

    by accessing the noted link you will be leaving liberty savings federal credit union's website and entering a website hosted by another party. please be advised that you will no longer be subject to, or under the protection of, the privacy and security policies of liberty savings federal credit union's website. we encourage you to read and evaluate the privacy and security policies of the site you are entering, which may be different than those of liberty savings federal credit union.
  

continue
decline











<!-- end meta pixel code —>




