




















































death row, next in line speaking — livejournal







































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































smilingkitsune
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














smilingkitsune







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement







november 2009  
01
02
03
04
05
06
07
08
09
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30










navigation

recent entries
archive
friends
profile
memories



this page

previous 10



summary

2009.11.16 @ 18:51  writer's block: raincheck!
2008.03.15 @ 14:51  away with me but in the end i shall arise from the ashes born anew
2007.10.04 @ 15:08 (no subject)
2007.09.27 @ 14:49  ?1?
2007.05.14 @ 00:47  updates and doodads
2007.03.28 @ 12:25  the path to hell is often paved in good intentions
2007.01.17 @ 10:23  college is the devil!
2007.01.01 @ 00:42  happy new year ya'll!!
2006.12.12 @ 17:56  i'm back....
2006.06.18 @ 13:34 (no subject)



livejournal






death row, next in line speaking
this is my silent requiem








writer's block: raincheck! 
posted  on 2009.11.16 at 18:51

current location: room

current mood: contemplative

current music: ... whatever my roommate is playing
tags: writer's block 

            it really isn't my place to forgive or forget unless i was specifically affected by it as well in which case i'd just pat my best friend on the back and tell him i think he's making a huge mistake but if it's what he wants i'll do my best to support him.
          


link  leave a comment
share   flag 






away with me but in the end i shall arise from the ashes born anew 
posted  on 2008.03.15 at 14:51


            bad news!so here's what's going on. for everyone that's anyone whose been close to me or is at least interested in the stuff that i've posted online i've got some news. i received a call on wednesday about possible deployment. i say possible because it may not happen but the "possibility" of that is very very little... as in like .0001% little. i've decided it's within my best interest then to at least put this much up. if for any reason someone decides to look at this site because a) you've been directed here from my fanfiction site and or fictionpress b)deviantart or c) you know me and thought you'd check to see how i was doing there is a very specific reason why i may not be on anything for awhile and i have a very legitimate excuse this time other than sheer laziness. as it is i still don't have confirmed news but i'd like to say thanks to anyone whose been with me. you're the best.
          


link  leave a comment
share   flag 






posted  on 2007.10.04 at 15:08

current location: sci-fi lit class.

current mood: thoughtful

current music: existence- l'arc-en-ciel (stuck in my head)


            isn't it interesting that in life we go for so long thinking about what it is we want to do that we tend to loose focus on what it is we can currently do in the meantime? i mean think about it... or not. it makes no difference to me. i'm just pointing something out or maybe i'm being too thoughtful. i feel so lost right now lol. maybe it applies to me more than anyone else. i need to spend more time finishing my stories and less time at school and work... especially work. oh well. i'm almost finished with the first chapter of my redone darkness fanfic. i hope it turns out better then it had been going. hope.as it is if anyone ever pops by and reads this stuff let me know what you think about life.
          


link  leave a comment
share   flag 






?1? 
posted  on 2007.09.27 at 14:49

current location: wsu

current mood: busy

current music: none


            and after a long time i'm back. i'm currently working on a rewrite of my last couple fanfics. i hope to get through about halfway of darkness before the end of the year so i should probably get my ass going. i've been really busy with the guards, work, and classes. i look forward to people contacting me and letting me know what it is they want to see.
          


link  leave a comment
share   flag 






updates and doodads 
posted  on 2007.05.14 at 00:47

current location: living room

current mood: complacent
tags: kawaii, updates 

            its been awhile since i've been on. i hope everyone is doing well. i have recently begun updating my fanfictions again and i'll do my best to keep up on them as best as i can but ya gotta understand that fanfiction isn't my life. i will of course do my best to meet all of your expectations so please be kind to me but there are times where i go for long periods with no ideas and times where i suddenly become completely uninterested in writing. i know it's not fair to you guys that that happens and i'm doing my best but that is just the way i am so please don't be upset when i go for long periods without updating.and now for some fun stuff      which loveless character are you?  your ritsuka. your very loved, but you find yourself questioning why. there is someone in your life, whether or not you know it, that would die for you.take this quiz!quizilla | join | make a quiz | more quizzes | grab codekawaii! i'm a total loveless fan *huggles ritsuka* and i just love the poor little emo kitty.your japanese name is...miya saionjiwhat's your japanese name?now that is an interesting name. i could come to like it :dthis is my life, ratedlife: 7.2mind: 7body: 8.4spirit: 6.5friends/family: 6.3love: 2finance: 6.6take the rate my life quizmy love life sucks ne?your heart is greenlove completes you, but that doesn't mean you seek it out.when love comes your way, you integrate it peacefully into the rest of you life.your flirting style: laid backyour lucky first date: walking around aimlessly and talkingyour dream lover: is both enthusiastic and calmwhat you bring to relationships: balancewhat color heart do you have?so it says but is it really that easy?you are the high priestessyou represent mystery - secrets that are yet to be revealed.you find yourself sitting between two worlds: one dark, one light.you tend to hold these two worlds in balance, reconciling the two.open and welcoming, you invite others to learn your secrets.your fortune:something hidden, or latent, in your life is about to come forward.you need to pay more attention to your dreams, thoughts, intuition, and imagination.and if that involves tapping into your dark side, it will all balance out in the end.you have a lot of potential dying to be unleashed, so let those gates open!what tarot card are you?kawaii! i'm a tarot card.okay that's all for today, but look for me again soon. i'll try to have a new update this next week... try.ja ne



link  leave a comment
share   flag 






the path to hell is often paved in good intentions 
posted  on 2007.03.28 at 12:25

current location: purple rooms

current mood: blah

current music: colors of the heart-uverworld


            and so i reach my limit and wonder what it is that i'm supposed to do from here. isn't it sad that as kids we can't wait to grow-up and as adults we wish we could go back? there are times when i wonder what was on my mind so long ago to wish for such foolish things, and yet not all of it has turned out to be quite horrible.there is something about life and living that is just one whole mystery that will never really be solved. that's good i think, to have something that can't be solved in life, that can't be answered with numbers or science. at the same time it's also really frustrating because i know that i'd really love to have those answers whether they were in numbers or some extra-long scientific answer that in the end could have been summarized in 2-3 very plain english sentences.it is my belief that finding a career is one of the saddest things in life that a person can go through. there are so many things that can be done, that we want to do, and yet we are limited by our short life span as humans. that is not to say that i wish i could live forever because i think that would be an even more sad thing. seeing the world as it is today, i don't think i'd want to live long enough to see the end of it by the hands of people. that would be intolerable i believe. besides eternity is too long and as a person goes through so much hell as it is in even one single life-time i can't even begin to imagine what they'd go through as a person with a never-ending existence.that's a lie though. i can't imagine what they'd go through but i have an idea which i'm currently working on in a story of mine while putting everything else on the backburner. it's akward as of right now but it's the story of a race of beings that can live forever provided some circumstances and one that will never see the end. i'm currently attached to one of my characters, victor, because he's so admant about living life with a singular purpose and that is to find "the one", the beginning of his kind. there are times while working on it that i have to stop and find happier things to fill my mind with and better times because as far as i'm concerned living forever isn't all sun and joy. the thing about victor though is he still takes the time to meet new people and forge relationships which most of his kind avoid knowing that the normal humans life-span is but the blink of an eye to their very long lived lives. he of course knows this, yet at the same time it's like he's trying to deny his true existence and play make-believe. at the spot i'm at right now he has in fact been playing make-believe for almost 10 years now after he meets a young man, meich, who has a weak constitution. his life expectancy is about another 5 yrs if he's lucky. despite his denial of who he is, victor for the most part has a large understanding of humans, himself (though he hates that very much), and the natural order of the world. he also realizes that his kind is breaking this natural order. sad isn't it? your existence is a taboo. you are hunted day after day, year after year, by those who recognize who you are and what your existence could possibly mean for them. the chance at immortality.immortality itself though is something that should never be tried. if god wanted us to live forever he would have extended our life-spans. things such as cloning, immortality, etc. should be left untouched. that is gods domain. there was something i was watching awhile back. an anime if you will where they are researching immortality. one of the characters is reluctant of the study and her superior says to her that if god is omnipotent he should have realized that people would one day search for this. i do not agree. i think that god, be he real or fake, thought as i do. that immortality isn't worth the suffering and everything else you go through. our lives, short as they may be, help us focus on what it is that makes us happy and live how we should. that is the way it is and that is the way it should stay....unless you're a vampire. then by all means please continue to live on for awhile. i have an appreciation for the mythology of those beautiful creatures after all. so i'm biased but aren't we all?
          


link  leave a comment
share   flag 






college is the devil! 
posted  on 2007.01.17 at 10:23

current location: wsu

current mood: content

current music: none right now


            i had my first college experience yesterday and while the class itself wasn't too bad i found the worst thing was the books. the books man the books! how expensive can you get? if i didn't have my job plus my army drill pay i'm more than willing to bet i would have had to drop out the very first day. it was totally ridiculous. i mean come on now, what do they expect of some of us? we're only humans.... well some of us.to say that this experience sux so far would be something of a lie. like i said so far it hasn't been too bad, two out of my four professors so far have proven to be not too bad and although i have yet to meet my other two professors i don't think it'll get too much worse....i'll be meeting my one professor on monday because she is currently away so i didn't have that class today and i won't have it on friday. my other professor which is my next class later this evening hopefully won't be too bad either. it is after all a math class. how bad could it get?i do have to say though that the best thing so far is the laptops and the super high-speed internet connections they get here. it's fantastic. well ja ne.o.o--------------------------------------------"we had a falling out of sorts.""what kind of falling out?""the kind that happens from a the top of a five story building.""oh....ouch!"
          


link  leave a comment
share   flag 






happy new year ya'll!! 
posted  on 2007.01.01 at 00:42

current location: home

current mood: ecstatic

current music: dir en gray- merciless cult


            happy new year everyone! this year has been so exciting, between graduating from high school, leaving this summer for basic and ait and everything else in between it's been one hectic but quite enjoyable mess. without this mess i wouldn't have made some of the friends i have such as my two brothers from training, my crazy but extremely lovable stuffing friend, and everyone else who made training survivable. i wish everyone the best and hope that 2006 was as good for you as it was for me and 2007 will be just as good. take care all.o.o--------------------------------------------"we had a falling out of sorts.""what kind of falling out?""the kind that happens from a the top of a five story building.""oh....ouch!"
          


link  leave a comment
share   flag 






i'm back.... 
posted  on 2006.12.12 at 17:56

current location: office space

current mood: content

current music: incubus-anna molly


            hey everyone! i'm back and causing everyone within close vicinity to suffer... it's a good thing i swear...actually i've been back for a month now but just finally sat myself down to update my journal. man i've been gone for a long time. it's kinda sad, since i've returned home i've learned a lot of my friends are engaged, pregnant or leaving. it was a bit of a depressing return.since my return home though i've been busy, my sister has been helping me set up a myspace which is taking me a bit of time cuz i can't say i like it anywhere near as much as i like my journal here.what can i say? i'm back although i can't say i'm happy about it all the time i'm still happy but oddly enough i miss the people i was training with and having a set schedule... for the most part...to live off of. i guess since i've been home i'm a bit more unsociable but well i just don't know what to do with myself. i've been drowing myself in work and stay in my room a lot. my best friend left last week for her own basic and ait so now i'm more bored than usual. thankfully school starts on jan. 16 for me as long as i can get the classes i can get. i'm kinda annoyed because registration for freshmen isn't until the 12... four days before classes begin! how dumb can they be?i'm so annoyed it's amazing. anyway i'd like to thank those of you who sent me letters while i was away to cheer me up because they did tons of good by the way "fyreflies" i'm a fan of your work. you're the greatest. thanx for dropping a line. :dby the way i had such a fantastic day today you wouldn't believe it. i got all my christmas shopping done and even climbed a bluff at the end of it lol. it was a good day for me.
          


link  leave a comment
share   flag 






posted  on 2006.06.18 at 13:34

current location: stuck in hell

current mood: busy

current music: white destiny-youko ishida


            heyla, i'm leaving wednesday so this is most likely my last post until i return sometime in november.  i'm sorry to all of my fanfiction readers that i won't be posting for a while but this time i really do have a good excuse, i'm going off to boot camp. also for my fictionpress from which i have no readers or anyone interested in my stuff currently if any of you do stumble into my stuff and wonder why there is nothing else this is why. i'm gone. sorry about that but i'm sure you'll find it in yourselves to forgive me.  i promise after i return that i will sit down in front of my computer for days if i have to so that i can get new updates up for you guys. i swear it, but just please give me some time.  take care all and enjoy your summer.
          


2 comments  leave a comment
share   flag previous 10  






























