






 
o’connell landscape – sonoma & marin county design-build landscape contractors






































































skip to content



serving marin and sonoma counties since 1987
(415) 462-9729 | (707) 313-5320 ocl@oclandscape.com3028 petaluma blvd n, petaluma, cafacebook page opens in new windowyoutube page opens in new window
ca c27 lic. # 745046



o’connell landscape
sonoma & marin county design-build landscape contractors

home consultation portfoliosproject portfolio element portfolio houzz portfolio project videos  our blogour blog client testimonials our reviews awards work in progress design examples blog articles archive  servicesconstruction services design services our process  about usabout us contact youtube now hiring- application  



 
home consultation portfoliosproject portfolio element portfolio houzz portfolio project videos  our blogour blog client testimonials our reviews awards work in progress design examples blog articles archive  servicesconstruction services design services our process  about usabout us contact youtube now hiring- application  









 


 


 


 

get a free detailed proposal 
 consultation











featured projects







westside petaluma










tiburon mediterranean garden










cotati country garden










kent woodlands landscape


full portfolio
new on our blog






completed project novato




our favorite japanese maples




modular outdoor bbq options




can you pour “dry” concrete?




selecting the right bark mulch








read moreabout o'connell landscape


o’connell landscape is a full service design/build landscape contractor firm with offices in marin and sonoma counties. we specialize in the design and construction of beautiful residential gardens.
we are family owned and pride ourselves on the quality and craftsmanship of our work and our customer oriented service. our design-build projects incorporate high quality stonework, concrete, carpentry and woodwork, and beautifully designed drought- and deer-resistant plantings that thrive in even the toughest areas of marin and sonoma counties. we offer a wide variety of landscape services that are integrated in our easy turn-key process. our landscape designers on staff facilitate a simple process to take your project from concept to completion. we specialize in working with clients to create beautiful and practical landscapes with the best return on their landscape investment.
all our gardens and installations are set apart by their high degree of craftsmanship, attention to detail and quality. at the same time, we provide personalized and prompt customer service.


see more
what our clients are saying


to say that the finished product exceeded our wildest hopes would be an understatement—an absolutely remarkable transformation of our backyard and an absolutely wonderful experience with o’connell landscape.


--jim and amy schwappachpetaluma


it was an absolute delight to work with michael and his team. he was always available and very knowledgeable about all aspects of landscaping our front yard. deadlines were always met and the workers were always on time and left everything neat when they left for the day.


--carol sikorapetaluma


o’connell landscape just completed a landscape project for our front and back yards.  the design, quality of workmanship, plant selection and his crew exceeded our expectations.  his attention to detail is reflected in how his crew approached each phase of our landscape project.


--lorelei and larry farmersonoma


michael is very knowledgeable in all aspects of landscape construction, and very experienced in suggesting ways to economize but not cut quality. i would highly recommend o’connell landscape and look forward to many more collaborations.


-jim bradaninibradanini & associates


it is a rare pleasure to work with a new vendor on a property improvement and have the process and end result surpass every expectation. our recent landscaping project with o’connell landscape provided us with exactly this experience.


--mike cosby, marin community foundationmcf property holdings, inc. 
read more testimonials
services

preparation 
drainage systems, site work, excavation and grading.
hardscape installation
retaining walls, walkways, patios, custom stone work and flagstone, walkway and access systems.


carpentry & woodwork
perimeter and accent fencing, decks and railings, shade structures, arbors and entrance gates.


planting & softscape
lawns, themed landscape plantings, screening and large tree installation and plant relocation.


accents & special features
low voltage outdoor lighting, fountains and waterfalls, outdoor kitchens and more…



design servicesconstruction servicesrecent awards


year after year, o’connell landscape is honored for its innovative design work and high quality installation services. the local california landscape contractors association awards are a competition of some of the best landscape contractors in the north bay. we have won numerous awards in the design-build categories, as well as the prestigious judges award!










clca judges award-kentfield










clca judges award-tiburon


learn more











 






 





 





 



 







© copyright o'connell landscape.  all rights reserved. - terms of use









go to top


































































