





catering by uptown – venues catering planning


















































































 skip to content


















  


search for:








aboutour familycareersweddingswedding blogvenuesmd wedding venuesvirginia wedding venuesdc wedding venuesvenue galleriescorporatecateringcontactsample catering menusclassic brunchwaterfront elegancesouthern charmcity weddingcocktail receptionindian celebrationcaribbean blissdessert weddingnigerian celebrationplanningfaqawards & reviewscontact 


search for:








aboutour familycareersweddingswedding blogvenuesmd wedding venuesvirginia wedding venuesdc wedding venuesvenue galleriescorporatecateringcontactsample catering menusclassic brunchwaterfront elegancesouthern charmcity weddingcocktail receptionindian celebrationcaribbean blissdessert weddingnigerian celebrationplanningfaqawards & reviewscontact 















homechris hansen2024-05-28t11:01:33-04:00 
catering to perfectionweddings by
catering by uptown
whether at one of our beautiful  maryland, dc or va wedding venues, or your own- our wedding catering and planning services are here to make your wedding beautiful, and fun!
the greatest privilege we know is helping make the wedding of your dreams come true.
catering
at catering by uptown, we promise to deliver not just delicious food of the highest quality, but also a flawless and memorable experience tailored to your special day. our team is dedicated to meeting your every need with elegance and precision.
renowned for our exceptional service, exquisite cuisine, and unwavering reliability, catering by uptown is a top choice for couples in maryland, washington dc, and northern virginia.
ready to indulge in some mouth-watering delights on your big day?
events
measuring milestones and honoring others. this is what it means to “celebrate”!
whether a birthday, anniversary, retirement or charity gala, at catering by uptown we understand that special events deserve to be celebrated in style. we take care of every detail so you can enjoy the day!




 
 





contact info

4060 powder mill road, beltsville, md 20705
phone: 301.572.7744
email: info@cateringbyuptown.com

  

get social









 

our properties 
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2024- catering by uptown | all rights reserved | view our privacy policy 



 
 
 
 


 
 



















go to top




