



































 


 










 


 



home
space saver sprayers
skid type sprayers
multi-tank sprayers
contact us

about us


menu 







 




 









turf sprayers for landscape professionals



turbo technologies manufactures turf sprayers and tree sprayers for the landscape professional.  sprayers are manufactured in single tank models from 50 gallon to 1000 gallon sizes, and in multi tank units with up to 4 tanks.  these units are designed to handle any chemicals used by the landscaper in usual landscape applications. products such as fertilizers, herbicides, insecticides, fungicides, and more.
turf sprayers are available in a wide range of models designed for long life and easy service. all tanks are seamless polyethylene with a 3 year manufacturer’s guarantee. all sprayers are equipped with 30 mesh strainers to filter out debris and a clear bowl for easy servicing. the tanks on the 50, 100, and 200 gallon tanks are rectangular, and have an 8″ fill well. the tank on the 300 gallon models and larger are a low profile elliptical design for added convenience and have a 16″ fill well..
turbo turf sprayers come standard with a honda 5.5 h.p. engine.  turf sprayers come standard with a comet aps-41 pump which offers more pressure and flow than other units on the market. larger pumps and engines are also available. the standard turbo gun may be easily adjusted from a cone spray to a straight stream. a green guard jd-9 gun is available as an option.
all plumbing on turbo turf sprayers is rustproof. all units are equipped with a tank shut off and a tank drain at the front of the sprayer to make tank clean out easy.  frames are fabricated from heavy duty welded steel. turbo turf sprayers (lawn sprayers) are  available single tank designs or in  multi tank units with any combination of up to 4 tanks, pumps and reels.















contact usemailturboturf@hotmail.comphone1-800-822-3437fax724-846-3470addressturbo technologies, inc.
1500 first ave.
beaver falls, pa 15010 
a siteorigin theme


 



