













loeb & loeb llp 




































skip to content



                pause
            



















en


中文








                                        people
                                    



                                        insights
                                    



                                        services
                                    



                                        about
                                    




close


















people
insights
services
about


news & events
locations
diversity
pro bono
alumni
careers
contact us





industries

advertising & media
entertainment, music & sports
financial services
life sciences
nonprofits & tax-exempt organizations
private client
real estate
technology



practices

corporate & finance
employment & labor
intellectual property
investigations & compliance
litigation
privacy, security & data innovations
restructuring & bankruptcy
tax




view all practices & industries 















 





































name

{{emailform.nameerror}}


email

{{emailform.emailerror}}


message

{{emailform.messageerror}}


submit









email has been submitted successfully. thanks!
error sending the email. please try again later.




















vcard download


by clicking on the submit button below, you are downloading the loeb contact's vcard




submit






























loeb achieves pro bono asylum victory for turkish refugee after eight-year journey
in partnership with human rights first, we represented a former turkish police officer who was wrongly placed on a government “blacklist.” 






la times’ 2024 top law firms and top 25 corporate and litigation practices lists
loeb & loeb is proud to be ranked among the top 10 largest law firms in los angeles county by the los angeles times.






loeb & loeb earns equality 100 award in human rights campaign foundation’s 2025 corporate equality index
for the sixth consecutive year, the firm is proud to receive a perfect score on the nation’s foremost benchmarking survey and report measuring corporate policies and practices related to lgbtq+ workplace equality. 






loeb & loeb expands real estate investments & transactions practice in los angeles
the firm is proud to welcome real estate investments & transactions partner phil lerch.






2025 best law firms: “law firm of the year” entertainment law—music award
for the eighth time, loeb & loeb has been honored as “law firm of the year” in the entertainment law—music category by best lawyers.






loeb & loeb boosts entertainment practice with john kulback in los angeles
we’re thrilled to announce the arrival of entertainment partner john kulback to the firm.






2025 “best law firms” by best lawyers
loeb & loeb ranked in 28 practice areas, including earning 12 national first-tier rankings and 41 metropolitan first-tier rankings.






bankruptcy court looks to "totality of the circumstances" regarding payment of post-petition rent
loeb lawyers bethany simmons and noah weingarten examine a pennsylvania court’s application of the test, focusing on its impact on immediate post-petition rent payments in mixed-use cases.



































connect with loeb




















announcements/press releases
takeaways from loeb & loeb’s 2025 ip/entertainment cle conference in new york








announcements/press releases
loeb & loeb continues to grow its real estate practice with addition of gillian kessler








awards and accolades
nine loeb lawyers recognized in 2025 edition of world trademark review 1000








announcements/press releases
loeb partner megan stombock selected as a 2025 leadership council on legal diversity fellow








media mentions
navigating privacy and ai under the trump administration: a q&a with privacy expert, jessica lee








media mentions
how loeb & loeb helped china team secure new opportunities








announcements/press releases
loeb associate avi gholian honored as 2025 leadership council on legal diversity pathfinder








media mentions
experts see long road to la rebuild despite ceqa freeze








let's stay connected. sign up for our alerts here.
                
























                        the importance of our pro bono efforts
                    

                            get to know: the importance of our pro bono efforts with partners bethany simmons and ann chen
                        



share






























                        what it's like working at loeb
                    

                            get to know: what it’s like working at loeb with our office managing partners with alyse pelavin, doug masters, and laurie ruckel
                        



share

































































los angeles
new york
chicago
nashville
washington, dc
san francisco
beijing
hong kong


washington, dc
san francisco
beijing
hong kong




linkedin
x
facebook
contact us
privacy policy
terms of use
subscription center

cookie settings



contact us
privacy policy
terms of use
subscription center

cookie settings










© 2025 loeb & loeb llp


this web site may constitute “attorney advertising” under the new york rules of professional conduct and under the law of other jurisdictions. your use of our web site or its facilities constitutes your acceptance of the terms of use and privacy policy.

































