





klamath, smith, and chetco river fishing guides | kutzkey guide service














location_onnorthern california & southern oregon rivers fishing










explore


          third generation guide
• family owned & operated •





phone
(530) 941-3474

emailmake a reservation




fishing
        
smith & chetco rivers
klamath river
lower klamath river
nushagak river


about
gallery



scenery
links
contact



fishing
          
smith & chetco rivers
klamath river
lower klamath river
nushagak river


about
gallery



scenery
links
contact





location_onnorthern california & southern oregon rivers fishing







keyboard_arrow_left
keyboard_arrow_right






smith & chetco
        the biggest salmon & steelhead in ca.
      

klamath river
        the "steelhead capital of the world".
      

lower klamath
        hard-fighting salmon in all sizes.
      

nushagak river
        fishing in southwest alaska.
      





“
”




            best fishing guide ever! i would recommend this trip to anyone that likes to fish, and especially for salmon or steelhead. we will be fishing again this year with the same people and staying at the same place. this in itself says a lot about our experience!
          
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
jane doe
chula vista, ca.





            my son and i had a great experience fishing. we caught 3 fish. the guide was professional and courteous. he new the river and placed us where the fish were. i highly recommend him.
          
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
thomas yockey
washington state





            totally awesome!!! highway 96 is a very remote road through some spectacular wilderness. we started off i-5 and the road kept getting more and more windy and wild as it curved along the klamath river until we eventually wound up in willow creek, maybe 6 hours later. fantastic trip  gorgeous scenery.
          
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
john doe
somewhere, ca.





            this amazing river has so many interesting places to stop. unfortunately most have people camping already or panning for gold in the summer months. nice to visit in other times of the year before it gets too crowed.
          
★ ★ ★ ★ ★
jack doe
san diego, ca.







klamath, smith, and chetco river fishing guides
enjoy the thrill and challenge of world-class steelhead, trout and
salmon fishing on northern california and southern oregon rivers.
i am a third generation guide with over 30 years experience. my grandfather al kutzkey
was one of the first guides in california. he started his fishing lodge on the upper
klamath river in hornbrook near the california and oregon borders. the river was said
to be the steelhead capital of the world. my grandfather is now in the fishing hall of
fame.
my father, tim kutzkey was known for being one of the best fishermen around. it was
said, " if there were fish in the water, he could catch them". he developed many of the
fishing techniques that are still widely used by fishermen today. tim will always have it
in his heart to keep fishing, as he is today on the klamath river, where he originally
began.
smith & chetco river fishing guide
the chetco river and smith river are short coastal streams that are referred to as "sister
rivers". the scenic smith river is located in the redwoods about 10 miles north of
crescent city in northern california. it produces some of the largest salmon and
steelhead in california. the smith river holds the california state record steelhead,
which is 28.5 pounds. the chetco river is located just a few miles further north near
brookings oregon and also produces large fish. both rivers fluctuate in volume with the
coming of winter & spring rains. chetco & smith rivers are known for producing
trophy fish, chinook salmon ranging up to 50 lbs. and steelhead from 10 to 20 lbs.
klamath river fishing guide
more steelhead are caught on the klamath river than on any other river on the west
coast due to its reliable year round fishing conditions. an average sized klamath river
steelhead is 3 1/2 to 5 pounds. there are a variety of fishing methods i use to catch
steelhead, from fly-fishing in the fall to drifting bait in the winter. i use light tackle
because it makes for an excellent fight! steelhead on this river run from late september
through january. give me a call too book your next northern california fishing guide &
southern oregon fishing trips.

monthfishriverstate
januarysteelheadsmith riverchetco rivercaor
februarysteelheadsmith riverchetco rivercaor
marchsteelheadsmith riverchetco riverumpqua caor
apriltroutklamath riverca
maytroutklamath riverca
junesalmonalaskaak
julyking salmonsockeyealaskaak
augustsalmonalaskaak
septembersalmonlower klamath riverca
octobersalmonsteelheadupper klamathca
novembersteelheadupper klamathca
decembersteelheadupper klamathca




            book today!
            make a reservation



cell: 530-941-3474
email: albert@kutzkeyfishing.com
            












 non-performance--i reserve the right to cancel for unsafe water conditions, unsafe weather conditions, or circumstances beyond our control.  if i choose to cancel a trip, i will give a full refund.   i work under permit from the us forest service which the permit area is located in the rogue river - siskiyou national forest, gold beach ranger district, klamath national forest and a equal opportunity service provider. 





kutzkey guide service
        4038 river ct.
        hornbrook, ca 96044
      


copyright © 2019.





















