


pag - pegasus art gallery










































 























































 

welcome fellow surfer, artist, art lover... to the

pag, a 100%
non-profit virtual art gallery devoted to showcasing the art of 229 international artists...please do come in and enjoy our artistic delights! i have added
a new section, the 
  pegasus news 'n views  where news, interviews, announcements and honors received by our members are featured. as well, view the artists who have won my 


 pick of the week

award. these are pag members whose work shows fine form, expression and that special something that has caught my eye.



my main goal is to help artists display their work in an aesthetic online environment and to promote art in general. here
i exhibit various art works submitted to me by artists from around the globe. if you are an artist, would you like to submit your artwork to gain world-wide
exposure? if so, this is the place to be!


if this is your first visit to the pag allow me to give
you a little overview of the gallery. 
 galleria   is the place where
you can find detailed information about the programs. it was
designed to serve the fellow artist - there are pieces of
information others might find useful too. the 
 thumbnail gallery   - an eclectic assortment of artwork from independent artists, is the first gallery
-  there you will find art from all over the globe.
the 
  virtual gallery    -  offers a professionally designed cyber-space to artists looking for a complete webpage on a well-trafficked server.
 the 
  ring gallery  resembles a web ring, only the ring is formed from artists' pages. artists can apply to join the ring and showcase
their work in a nicely designed web ring environment.  the 
  millennium gallery    offers a vision of the new millennium for your viewing pleasure. artists who have created work that reflects the energy
and promise of the new millennium may showcase their work in this new gallery. 




please select from the menu below to find out more about pag services.







 
. millennium gallery
. ring gallery
. thumbnail gallery
. virtual gallery
  
. our trophy case
. pegasus art awards (retired)
. link to us
. news 'n views
  
. news blog
. need your own site?
. pick of the week
. join the gallery 






| news'nviews

| millennium gallery

| thumbnail gallery  |



virtual gallery  |
ring gallery
| my gallery

| cyberart
|  


 












site is optimized for java enabled browsers - for screen resolution 800x600 -
for 16 bit or better color.

copyright
© pegasus art gallery 1998 - 2010 - june kaminski all rights reserved.
 
break the frames 







 pegasus art gallery is a 21st century womyn site






















