









catfish edge | how to catch catfish















































































 

 





catfish edge: cutting edge catfishingcatfishing tips, techniques and information from professional catfish guides anglers. 





menu

home
products
about
catfish guide service
blog

catfish rigs
catfish bait
catfishing tips
catfishing gear
catfish boats
techniques
podcast
news


videos
contact
 


 [click here to learn more]



[click here to learn more]



[click here to learn more]



fish finder mistakes: the top 5 mistakes (most anglers make)
by chad ferguson .i’ve learned over the years that most anglers make a lot of fish finder mistakes when looking for fish. i get tons of questions from people both on social media and on my guide boat about fish finders and have a ton of anglers that come to me to better learn how to use and… 
continue reading

filed under: catfishing tips tagged with: down imaging, fish finder, humminbird, side imaging, sonarbest catfish bait: the top 5 catfish baits made simple
by chad ferguson catfish baits don’t have to be complicated and they don’t have to stink. here’s a quick and simple guide to choosing the best catfish bait. you’ve come to the right place!  catfish is not a catfish is not a catfish what does this mean? the approach to fishing for blue cats is very different than… 
continue reading

filed under: catfish bait tagged with: blue catfish, catfish bait, catfish baits, channel catfish, flathead catfishhow to hold a catfish (and do catfish sting)?
by chad ferguson . catfish don’t “sting”, let’s go ahead and get that out of the way now. catfish whiskers don’t sting. their barbels or fins don’t either. they can cause some discomfort though (if you’re not careful) so let’s cover what you need to know. there’s a common misconception that catfish will “sting”. this is nothing more… 
continue reading

filed under: catfishing tips tagged with: catfishing tips, do catfish sting, how to handle a catfish, how to hold a catfishshad for catfish bait: the essential guide for catfishing
by chad ferguson using shad for catfish bait is always a hot topic among catfish anglers. it seems that for some reason the whole idea of finding and catching shad and using it for bait creates a whole bunch of questions for anglers of all experience levels though. i touched on this recently in the winter catfishing tips article (get… 
continue reading

filed under: catfish bait tagged with: blue catfish, cast net shad, catch shad, catching shad, catfish bait, catfish baits, channel catfish, fishing, fresh bait, frozen bait, frozen shad, gizzard shad, shad trawl, threadfin shadslip bobber rig for catfish: how, when and why
by chad ferguson the slip bobber rig is a staple catfish rig for many anglers for a variety of different species of catfish. they’re especially popular for those who target channel catfish. slip bobbers can be effective for blue catfish and flathead catfish also in some applications but for channel catfish, they’re the “go-to” catfish rig for many… 
continue reading

filed under: catfish rigs tagged with: bobber, catfish rig, catfish rigs, catfishing rigs, channel catfish, floatcatfish rods: the ultimate guide to catfish rods
by chad ferguson catfish rods are a segment of catfishing gear that i wasted a lot of money on over the years. i’ve wasted more money on catfish rods that weren’t a good “fit” than any other area of catfish gear so i created this guide, the ultimate guide to catfish rods. some of this was due to… 
continue reading

filed under: catfishing gear tagged with: blue catfish, catfish, catfish gear, catfish rods, catfish tackle, catfishing rods, catfishing tackle, channel catfish, fishing rod, flathead catfishfour fishing knots every catfish angler should know
by chad ferguson the internet is littered with instructions on how to tie fishing knots. there’s entire books and even iphone apps dedicated to fishing knot instructions. most of these resources are full of “clutter”, teaching you a lot of information that you don’t need. what’s the point of learning tons of fishing knots you’re not ever going… 
continue reading

filed under: catfish rigs tagged with: catfish rigs, catfishing rigs, fishing knots1
2
3
…
15
next page »

 


products


 secret catfish rig [ebook]

rated 4.87 out of 5
$19.99



 catching shad: how to catch shad [ebook]

rated 4.94 out of 5
$24.99



 summer channel catfish [ebook]

rated 4.68 out of 5
$39.00



 drift fishing for catfish [ebook]

rated 4.77 out of 5
$27.99



 spring blue catfish [ebook]

rated 5.00 out of 5
$57.00




site search



 

copyright 1999-2024 - catfish edge
find us on facebook, youtube, and instagram
legal stuff (super boring)
privacy policy
terms of service
search





 
 




















