



montelupo fiorentino tourist information




montelupo fiorentino tourist 
information
the town of  “montelupo
fiorentino” near florence in tuscany, italy
home of painted tuscan ceramics and tuscan majolica





home


italian majolica


accommodation


map of montelupo


la storia di montelupo


villa ambrogiana


















antique
        examples of italian majolica from montelupo fiorentino

















         
        




campanile
                of s. lorenzo






ceramics museum
                (former palazzo pretorio)







  frescobaldi tower














montelupo

         has undergone a significant revival as a town and as a manufactory of
        high-quality painted ceramics during the past ten years. there is a now fine majolica
        museum as well as an archaeological museum, and, of course, numerous
        workshops and outlets producing and selling hand-painted ceramics in both
        traditional and modern styles. the main reason for a visit to montelupo
        is to admire and perhaps buy hand-painted majolica.
        

        in antiquity, the territory of montelupo, situated between montalbano and the middle course of the
        arno near where the
 river pesa
        flows into the arno, was already an important crossroads on the communication route between the florentine area, the apennines and the tyrrhenian coast. its location on the old roman road that joined florence and pisa and the presence of waterways led to the development of numerous manufacturing activities, including ceramics. 

        montelupo was probably founded with the construction of a castle at the end of the early middle ages. the florentine republic, which took over the territory in 1204, rebuilt and enlarged the original military settlement. in the
        14 c (1333-36) a new circle of walls, still
        visible in part, was constructed to protect the town that had developed at the foot of the hill on which the
         priory of s. lorenzo, built in the 13 c, still stands. during the
        15 c and 16 c, the ceramics of montelupo were particularly splendid.

        at the end of the 16 c, the medici built a large villa on the left bank of the arno in the neighboring locality of the
         ambrogiana. in the
        19 c it was turned into a prison asylum, the ospedale psichiatrico giudiziario,  but it is now being restored. 

        the disastrous epidemics of the 17 c that reduced the population of
        italy as a whole had devastating effects on montelupo, virtually
        destroying it as a centre of ceramic production. there was a modest
        revival during the second half of the 18 c along with the growth in glass
        production. with the construction of the railway line from florence to
        pisa, there was a revival of ceramic production in nearby capraia, and
        in the early 20 c the centre of production was once more montelupo.

 every year the town relives its history with a show of its ceramics in a festival that takes place
        approximately from 22 to 30 june (be sure to check the dates). the town's inhabitants dress in period costumes to recreate the ancient
        atmosphere with minstrels,
        merchants and artisans.
        things to see in montelupo fiorentino
the castle of montelupo
on top of the hill which overlooks  montelupo, “il castello”
        is the remains of the first florentine military settlement of 1204-06, where there
        had previously been a small “castellare”, probably belonging to the counts
        alberti. in the area above, there is the first church in montelupo, the old priory of san lorenzo, dated 1260, whose present
        appearance goes back to the 15 c. inside there is a series of frescoes by corso di buono (1282) and two small gothic tabernacles painted by piero di chellino (the life of san nicola). the bell tower was built using the existing tower of the keep.
the palazzo pretorio
in the village at the foot of the castle you can see the palazzo
        pretorio, present home of the ceramic museum. the coat of arms of the “podestà” who governed the town on behalf of the city of florence are set into the façade. inside there are frescoes from the
        15 c and remains of the original decorations.
priory of s. giovanni evangelista
the present priory, originally an almshouse run by dominican monks, acquired its present appearance in 1796.
        it houses some notable works of art: a fresco of 1340-50 which has been detached from the wall, a
        14 c wooden cross, a large altar-piece and a painting on wood, both attributed to the
        school of botticelli.
casa sinibaldi at montelupo
this house belonged to the family of bartolomeo sinibaldi, known also as “baccio da montelupo”, a famous sculptor and architect, friend and colleague of michelangelo
        buonarroti.
the frescobaldi tower of montelupo
the impressive torre de’ frescobaldi was built at the beginning of the
        14 c to control the river traffic and guard against the depredations of castrucci castracani.
        formerly a mill, the tower was later sold by the medici to the frescobaldi family. it now houses the museo del vetro impagliato (raffia covered flasks), a craft which was practiced by the people of montelupo from the
        18 c.






















looking
                        for accommodation in tuscany?





        stay in a chianti farm house apartment for less than the price of a
        small hotel room. click
        here  for a large selection of beautiful farm house apartment and room
        vacation rentals in chianti, plus all you need to know about chianti.


















interested in the ceramics of deruta?


introduction to the ceramic styles and the history of deruta in umbria.



      










interested in wines as well as ceramics?


gallo nero, symbol of
      the chianti classico wine zone and of increasingly excellent wines. map and wine towns.












 montelupo fiorentino 
  copyright © ammonet infotech 2000 - 2020. all rights reserved.

web hosting, web design, database development by ammonet

