




sailor moon center | eternal light

































sailor moon center

ホームhome
掲示板forum
トラッカーtracker
プロジェクトprojects
音楽music
ｓｍｃの概要about smc
御問ひ合はせcontact



welcome to sailor moon center!






important!
all smc releases are on tokyo tosho!










sailor moon eternal albums
sep 19 2021




hello, moonies! it has been a while since our last update! i hope everyone is safe, healthy, and overall doing great! today, we have released three sailor moon eternal albums: tsukiiro chainon (eternal edition & momoclo z edition) and the character song collection: eternal collection. check our music section to download the albums!


comment on forum comment 1


how to contact us!
aug 29 2020




hello, everyone! the best way to reach out to us is via our twitter page or facebook page! we currently do not have a working e-mail address and many apologies for the inconvenience.


comment on forum comment 0


pretty guardain sailor moon the super live: original soundtrack
nov 23 2019




today we bring you the new pretty guardian sailor moon the super live: original soundtrack [instrumental] on torrent! you may download it via torrent or from our music section. as always, you can grab the torrent from the link that is available under our latest releases section, nyaa torrents, tokyo toshokan, or from our music section


comment on forum comment 0


pretty guardian sailor moon - bmo club: orgel collection
nov 17 2019




today we have a new music cd release for you all! the orgel collection is a seramyu special edition cd that was released exclusively for the bmo club (seramyu’s official fanclub back in the day), and it was released after the marinamoon final stage! you may grab the files from our music section or download the torrent from our tracker or the nyaa website!


comment on forum comment 0


the super live (original soundtrack) [instrumental]
oct 2 2019




“pretty guardian sailor moon” the super live (original soundtrack) [instrumental] is out!


comment on forum comment 1


news archive






latest releases


the super live (original soundtrack)
torrent go to music section



pretty guardian sailor moon - bmo club: orgel collection
torrent go to music section



sailor moon classic concert album 2018
go to music section



sailor moon the 25th anniversary memorial tribute
go to music section



sailor moon 25th anniversary classic concert album 2017
go to music section

earlier releases




main center
home default page
archive older news & releases
projects our works
about smc our history
staff meet smc members
our affiliates links to other sites
community center
forum official smc discussion board
irc channel official smc irc channel
tracker official smc torrent tracker
info center
about sailor moon basic info
main characters character profiles
episode guide list of episode titles
magic attacks & transformations
media center
torrents sm related torrents
xdcc list pack lists from our bots
watch episodes streamed on yt
music files mp3 & flac downloads
video clips various clips in hq
other anime card captor sakura &c.
support center
video playback recommended codecs
bittorrent faq & guide
mirc tutorials on using mirc






about smc
we strive to bring you all things sailor moon including episode downloads, episode information, music, and much more! why not join our community forum or come to the irc channel and support us in our continuous efforts to bring you high quality sailor moon content. for more information, please visit the about smc link.
about layout
渾沌の天使 konton no tenshi presents layout 「久遠の光」 ‛kuon no hikari’ (eternal light) — sailor moon center interactive xhtml, css, php and jquery website.
				the design is best viewed in 1024×768 or higher resolution. please use firefox 3+ or opera 10+ in order to get maximum experience of this website.
valid xhtml 1.0 valid css 3.0


newsletter
subscribe to our newsletter, and we will deliver you information about our newest releases.

e-mail:

 subscribe to unsubscribe from


you may as well wish to subscribe to our rss feeds.
our affiliates






view more…


latest topics
check out the latest topics on our community forum.
﻿[search] japanese translator…last post by animegirlon mar 18 2015, 11:02sm crystal - 52 episodes in…last post by toni_jupiteron jan 18 2015, 8:13sailor jupiter - blu-ray vs.…last post by toni_jupiteron jan 17 2015, 19:40watch all episodeslast post by mooniepoweron dec 30 2014, 6:47update: sailor moon torrentslast post by alchemiston dec 19 2014, 3:40


contact
if you would like to ask a question or leave a comment, just complete and submit this form, and we will get back to you as soon as possible.
				you can also come to chat with us on our community forum, irc channel, facebook page or via skype.

name:

e-mail:

subject:

message:
enter your message here






contents © 2001–2019 sailor moon center. design © 2010 渾沌の天使 konton no tenshi only for sailor moon center. all rights reserved. the materials on this website are not to be sold, traded or given away. any copying, manipluation, publishing or other transfer of these materials, except as specifically provided in the terms and conditions of use is strictly prohitibted.
『美少女戦士セーラームーン』 “bishōjo senshi sailor moon” copyright note: original © 1992 竹内直子 takeuchi naoko, 講談社 kōdansha, 東映アニメーション tōei animation, バンダイ bandai; english language adaptation © 1995 dic entertainment, cloverway, geneon entertainment, adv films. all series are owned by their respective creators and are not for sale, rent or profit.












