







chris golde home page






chris m. 
    golde


welcome to my web 
  page.  i am a researcher and scholar in american higher education, with an emphasis on doctoral 
  education.  i am employed as associate vice provost for graduate education at stanford university.  from 2001-2006 i worked on the 
  carnegie initiative on the doctorate  project at the carnegie foundation for the advancement of teaching.


contact information
office phone: (650) 736-9795 
  
email address:  golde@stanford.edu





professional links:
    













curriculum 
        vita, including publications 
    (includes downloadable versions) and presentations
        


 


 
 






        the 
        survey on doctoral edu

cation and career preparation, including the "at cross purposes" 
    report.



 






syllabi 
    for courses i have taught.



 






college 
        movie syllabus, and information related to "about campus" 
    article.



 

 






  
my friend, ken nitz, is running for re-election for the midpeninsula regional open space district board of directors. 






in the news
the 
    chronicle of higher education 
    quotes dr. golde about a new initiative launched by oberlin college and the 
    university of michigan.  the oberlin 
    college press release also cites the "at cross purposes" report.
the 
    survey on doctoral education and career preparation 
    has released its summary report, "at cross purposes:  what the experiences 
    of doctoral students reveal about doctoral education," to some acclaim. 
in 
    the 2000 edition of its annual special issue ranking graduate schools, u.s. news 
    & world report quotes dr. golde in an article on the realities of 
    pursuing a ph.d.
dr. 
    golde's research is highlighted in the chronicle of higher education's coverage 
    of the april, 2000 "re-envisioning the ph.d." conference.


 
 

 



more about me

research and scholarly interests


my research and scholarly interests fall 
    into two areas: doctoral education and faculty and staff involvement in undergraduate 
    student life. the connection between these two interests is my concern with 
    improving the educational experiences of students. i believe that the way 
    we both structure and enact our colleges and universities can be a powerful 
    force, usually for the benefit of students. occasionally however, students 
    do not have positive experiences as a consequence (usually unintended) of 
    particular policies or administrative decisions. it is one of my (more ambitious) 
    goals to help ferret out and change such situations. i believe in doing this 
    both at the individual level—such as through my teaching and advising—and 
    at broader institutional or systemic levels—through research and writing. 
    
first, i am interested in the reshaping 
    and improvement of graduate education, particularly at the doctoral level. 
    ten years of research and writing in this area led me to the carnegie foundation, 
    where i am working with the carnegie 
    initiative on the doctorate initiative.  over the next five years, 
    the project goal is to support and study new experiments in doctoral education 
    with leading graduate programs, to document and analyze the character of those 
    initiatives, and ultimately to offer specific recommendations to educators 
    and policy makers about the continued vigor of doctoral education. 
my initial work in doctoral education 
    started in graduate school, and led to my dissertation, which focused on doctoral 
    student attrition. between 1998 and 2001 i was the principal investigator 
    of the national survey on doctoral education 
    and career preparation, funded by the pew charitable trusts. we administered 
    this survey at 27 universities, surveying currently enrolled doctoral students 
    in 11 disciplines. we seek to learn more about the different ways doctoral 
    education is carried out in different fields and institutions. the survey 
    focus in detail on the experiences and perceptions of students. in addition, 
    we are trying to learn how well students are prepared to responsibly carry 
    out the range of faculty roles and challenges. this study is also examining 
    the ethical aspects of the life of faculty and graduate students, and how 
    well students are explicitly introduced to those issues. the project report, 
    "at cross purposes:  what 
    the experiences of today's doctoral students reveal about doctoral education," 
    was released in january, 2001. 
during my time at wisconsin i also explored 
    inter- and multi-disciplinary graduate education as the project evaluator 
    for wisconsin's social aquatic interactions igert 
    program. this interdisciplinary training program included students in 
    the center for limnology and the department of rural sociology and is funded 
    by the national science foundation. 
    
second, i am interested in how to foster 
    faculty and staff involvement in undergraduate student life. this interest 
    stems from my personal experiences: i have always enjoyed spending time with 
    undergraduates. i enjoy the energy and sense of wonder and possibility they 
    exhibit. i found structured and unstructured activities to be really rewarding, 
    both when i was a staff member and a graduate student. as a faculty member 
    i continued to do this. i was a fellow at the chadbourne residential college 
    at the university of wisconsin. this project aims to create a living-learning 
    center in an existing high rise residence hall. the theme of the community 
    is "engagement with the life of the mind." 


personal information



i 
    was born and raised in seattle, washington. my mother is an environmental 
    activist and my father was a computer science professor at the university of washington. i attended 
    brown university, and majored in linguistics. 
    i also worked with the office of residential life, both serving on the policy 
    board and in a programming position. following that, i worked as an assistant 
    hall director at north adams state college for one year. thereafter, i spent 
    a year getting an m.a. in student personnel administration at teacher's college, columbia university. 
    this led to a job as director of the campus center and student activities 
    at beloit college, in beloit, wisconsin. four 
    years later i packed again and moved to l.a., where i worked for the college bowl company. two years later 
    i went to get my ph.d. in higher education at stanford university. upon completion of 
    my degree in 1996, i accepted a position as assistant professor of educational 
    administration at the university of wisconsin-madison. in the fall 
    of 2001 i moved to the carnegie foundation for the advancement 
    of teaching, near stanford in northern california.
when i was in college, 
    i was on the fencing team. now i am 
    a passionate fan of women's basketball. i am on the the board of the 
    northwest fund for the environment.




 

personal links:





  



 my dog, 
        sir liam sneaky-leaner



   
  



revised 
    08/22/08
       



