





home | alt







































































  +352 28 56 151
 info@alt.lu



home
products

downhole probes
telemetry systems
logging winches
wellcad


services

rental
training
support & repair


resource

download
news and events


about
contact














 
slideralt - advanced logic technology
provides high end wireline logging solutions and software to the geoscience industry since 1993.
slider - copyalt is the leading provider of borehole
imaging tools and data acquisition systems
with patents and experience spanning 25 years.
slider - copy - copyalt is home of the industry standard
wellcad software.
 
























read cased hole successfully uses alt’s ql43 acoustic probe

read cased hole is using alt’s ql43 cutting-edge ultrasonic solution for well casing evaluation. visit read cased hole page to learn about their services.

more info










wellcad 5.8 is available

we’re excited to share that wellcad 5.8 is now available, bringing a range of significant enhancements to improve your user experience and streamline workflows. visit our dedicated wellcad website for more information.

more info










2025 conferences

meet us at geotherm and pdac.

more info


















downloads









rentals









support & repair









innovative technologies




















alt - a trusted source in borehole imaging











obi40optical borehole imager 

abi40acoustic borehole imager 70°c / 200bar

abi43acoustic borehole imager 125°c (170°c) / 700bar

abi85acoustic borehole imagerfor geothermal applications 300°c / 1400bar
































the borehole data toolbox





















 


 

geothermalgeotechnicalmining-exploration-productionshallow-oil-and-gasgroundwater 













 alt europe

advanced logic technology
 

30h rue de niederpallen

zoning de solupla

l-8506 redange

luxembourg


t.  +352 28 56 151
info@alt.lu



 alt asia

advanced logic technology
 

36th floor, menara maxis kuala lumpur city centre 50088

kuala lumpur

malaysia


t. +60 3 2615 7261
info@alt.lu



 msi

mount sopris instruments
 

4975 east 41st avenue

denver, co 80216

usa



t. +1 303 279 3211

www.mountsopris.com


 newsletter
be the first to learn about new products, events and industry news
 

















this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.acceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 







 

homeproducts▼downhole probestelemetry systemslogging wincheswellcadservices▼rentaltrainingsupport & repairresource▼downloadnews and eventsaboutcontact 






















