







georgetown house tour – the georgetown house tour is an historic event organized by st. john's episcopal church georgetown.  the 2014 event will feature 8-10 of georgetown's most beautiful homes and their impressive gardens.





























































responsive menu


georgetown house tour
the georgetown house tour is an historic event organized by st. john's episcopal church georgetown.  the 2014 event will feature 8-10 of georgetown's most beautiful homes and their impressive gardens.



home
the tour

see the houses
tea
st. john’s
getting here
press


purchase tickets
patrons’ party
faqs
sponsorship & advertising

become a sponsor
buy an ad


contact us

at st. john’s













we are thrilled to announce that the 92nd georgetown house tour will take place on saturday, april 26, 11 a.m. – 5 p.m. 
early-bird tickets are available now until midnight the night before the tour.  tickets purchased in advance online are $60 each, and tickets purchased the day of the tour are $65.

since 1931, st. john’s episcopal church has organized and hosted the georgetown house tour to raise funds for ministry and outreach. from day one, the house tour has been an important part of enabling the mission of st john’s in the greater georgetown community.
each year the georgetown house tour features a number of georgetown’s most beautiful homes–learn about the 2022 tour from abc 7 (wjla). houses are within easy walking distance and can be visited at your own pace and in your preferred order. the tour price includes a house tour brochure full of useful information that serves also as your admission to each home, and includes a map of the houses along with historic information and background on each house.
also included in your ticket price is a not-to-be-missed parish tea.
the parish tea is held in blake hall at historic st. john’s church, 3240 o st. nw. this lovely tea tradition features homemade tea sandwiches and sweets. you may walk in at any time between 1:30 pm and 4:30 pm to delight in what the parish volunteers are serving! 
the patrons’ party, held the wednesday before the house tour, is another annual georgetown tradition. our very own frida burling created the patron’s party sixteen years ago to raise additional funds for st. john’s ministries. the first patron’s party was hosted by author kitty kelley and since then many of our wonderful georgetowners have opened their homes to host this wonderful party.
you can become a corporate sponsor, be an advertiser in the house tour magazine, inquire about our patrons party, or get additional information by emailing georgetownhousetour@gmail.com or calling st. john’s church at (202) 338-1796.  we look forward to seeing you at the house tour!




buy tickets

house tour - saturday, april 26, 11 a.m. - 5 p.m.

patrons party - wednesday, april 23, 6:30 p.m.








copyright © 2025 georgetown house tour | theme by: theme horse |  powered by: wordpress 






