
















summer camps in california | yosemite sierra summer camp


















































                discover yssc
              


                current families
              


                resources
              


                contact us
              

 parent sign in

            
enroll now

















two weeks that last a lifetime
welcome to so much more than a california summer camp.
now accepting applications for children ages 8-16.
enroll now






where kids grow in all the right ways
high above the stress and chatter of our plugged-in and fast-paced world, a different kind of a summer camp experience awaits your child: a christian adventure camp where kids spend two weeks having the time of their lives, feeling perfectly at home away from home, and grow in character, skills, relationships, and faith.
welcome to yosemite sierra summer camp.
since 1973, yosemite sierra summer camp has been partnering with parents in fostering their child’s growth. our deep commitment to whole-child development through unplugged play and outdoor adventure provides the unique environment for kids to explore the beauty of the sierras, try new activities, and discover a deeper sense of self and faith. it’s no wonder that just two weeks at yssc surrounded by supportive staff and new and old friends alike become a springboard for life.  





the yosemite sierra summer camp difference





              worthy role models            

              we recruit an exemplary team and keep a staff-to-camper ratio of 1:2. in every role, every staff member’s goal is to give kids inspiration for what mature and healthy growth looks like.             
meet the team




              life skill development            

              we help young people develop the skills to navigate the modern world, from friend-keeping to communication to problem solving.            
download e-book




              old-fashioned fun & adventure            

              we schedule a range of outdoor activities that encourage collaboration, imagination, and a healthy dose of whimsy and play.

explore activities




              discovering god’s love            

              we create an atmosphere where all are accepted and encouraged to take the next step on their personal journey with god.            
learn more












    a parent’s perspective: dear yssc  





we know where you’re coming from. we understand the challenges as well as the joys and blessings of helping kids develop into the best version of themselves. it’s what we live for. we’re confident you’ll notice and appreciate the intentionality and support we’ve offered families since 1973. you’ll soon discover why families like yours call us the “home of the world’s greatest campers!”






ready to take the next step?
where you send your child to camp is an important decision. we’re here to help you make it with confidence.




let’s connect
schedule a call with us so we can help you make the best decision for your child.
schedule a call



pick a session & enroll
find a two-week camp session that fits your family’s schedule and see our rates.
view dates and rates



prep for camp
download our family handbook
to learn more and get excited
about camp.
2024 family handbook












the yosemite sierra summer camp family
looks forward to welcoming your child!
enroll now






download our free ebook on 5 key ways your child will grow at yssc.




name* your.email@gmail.com*

captcha
 
















join our email list for more information on summer camp.



name* your.email@gmail.com*

captcha
  


















join our live zoom conversations with directors!
learn more about our mornings on the porch conversation series.


register now












            location          

39515 road 274,
bass lake, ca 93604

phone: (800) 775-9772
fax: (949) 369-9819
email: info@yssc.com




            mailing address          

summer:
p.o. box 449
bass lake, ca 93604
winter:
p.o. box 1027
san clemente, ca 92674




            learn more          


                faq's        
              


                activities        
              


                join our staff        
              


                dates & rates        
              


                terms & privacy policy        
              


                schedule a call        
              


















operated under special use permit in the sierra national forest and is operated on a
non-discriminatory basis. copyright yosemite sierra summer camp, all rights reserved 2021





x
s
m
l






















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset











