







welcome aboard! | catalina 36/375 international association





















catalina 36/375 international association






navigation

home
communityforumswebsite forumsgeneral
technical
sailing
cruising
racing
website support

e-mail list

classified ads
fleet directory
photo galleries
adventures
boat names
boat brochures

ship's storemembership

abouthelp
membershipjoin/renew

history
officers
bylaws

log in / register
my accountanonymous

shopping cart
 












 
 





 


 





 
welcome aboard! 




 




welcome aboard!
welcome to the catalina 36/375 international association, the world's leading source of information on the catalina c36 and c375 sailboats, manufactured by catalina yachts of southern california and largo, florida. we are an organization of catalina 36 and 375 owners and others interested in the most popular cruising sailing boats ever made. 
the association has members throughout the world, and more than a dozen fleets scattered throughout the us and canada.
viewing most of the content on this site is free to anyone. we have made viewing our rich owner-to-owner forums accessible to everyone, but you must be a registered user to comment or ask questions. viewing manuals and articles in our technical library, and other sections, and adding content to the site, is only available to members of the c36/375ia.
if you are already a registered user, please log in using the login boxes to the right. if you are a member of the association, be sure to log in with your user id to get access to all the members-only sections of the site. if you are not yet a member, feel free to browse the site and check the membership section to learn more about joining our organization.
 



 


 





user login


username *



password *


request new password


 
 



search form

search 





 
 

recent forum posts








            topic          





who is heading south on the icw or outside this 2024 season? 



hot water heater anode removal- caution with drain and corrosion 



rotten egg smell from hot water side 



pulling hard to the left under power 



fresh water filters 



exhaust hose replacement 







    more  

 
 


 







copyright © 2025, catalina 36/375 international association   theme by  zymphonies




 


