


prague hotels with charm - romantic hotels in prague 














brought to you by
interacta travel

+420 233 920 118
+420 608 057 057



info@hotelsprague.cz


about us
contacts






 
praguecesky krumlovtelckarlovy varybrnoother placesunesco cities 

prague is charming historical citywhy stay in impersonal hotel then? experience the old prague atmospherein our selected historical hotels, pensions, apartments and residences.search historical hotelshotels with special discounts

 by
hotel name

 

 by
specific options

category: *****
hotels **** hotels *** hotels ** hotels
apartments pensions
hostels

location: historic
centre 15 minutes walking distance near
underground others hotels

restaurationbarminibarliftfitnesssaunaswimming poolparkingtelevisionair conditiondisabled entryinternet in hotelinternet in roompetskitchencoffe and tea


more options: locationservices



hotel adalbertdouble room hotel adalbert is located in the unique environment of the 1 000 year old brevnov monastery, near the prague castle and not far from the historic centre of prag...hotel aidadouble room aida (formerly apollo) hotel is situated in a quiet residential area in the north of prague close to the exhibition areas in holesovice and letnany and to the u...hotel florentina boatdouble room florentina is cosy river ship which would like to invite you to a romantic stay on the river in the centre of prague. it is located nearby parizska street (star...hotel golden city double room hotel golden city is situated in the street taboritska, within easy reach of the historical centre of prague. the centre can be easily reached by trams no. 5, 9...apartments u cisaredouble room these private apartments are situated on the ground floor of an apartment house in the residential quarter prague-vinohrady. it is located 50 metres from the un...hotel old time double room the old time hotel is located in prague's quarter new town in a neo-renaissance building with art nouveau elements, a mere 13 minute walk from the famous wences...



×

submit your individual or group booking request »








these fields are mandatory


date of your arrival:
day12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031
month123456789101112

202520262027 

   


e-mail: *
phone: 






 individuals
     adult group
     student group


number of persons:
number of nights:specific request or questions:
request location:

budget person/night: *
wished category:


















václav růžek
interacta travel
recommended hotels and apartments
these hotels are really sincerely recommended by us either for their exclusivity or for the exceptional ratio price/quality. all these hotels are located directly in the prague's historic centre.all of the hotels 

hotel dominicanexceptional value - recommended by many guestshotel grandthe best location on old town squareresidence malostranskathe best location on the kings roadhotel alchymistexclusive accommodation with spahotel albatroshotel on the boat in the centre for good price peter's tower apartmentsapartmentcentre nearby old townapartments vorsilskaapartmentnearby national theatreapartments at i.p.pavlovaapartmenthuge apartments nearby wenceslas squareapartments na kozacce 6apartmentnice location in vinohradyapartments u cisareapartmentbudget apart.2 stops from wenceslas square hotel at the golden wheelnerudova streethotel green lobsterstylish historical hotelhotel paris pragueart nouveau gemhotel antik250 metres from the old town squarehotel elitefor 4 nights 25% discount! hotel golden agenear old town squarehotel kampa gardennext to the charles bridgehotel u pavaview of the prague castlehotel klarovprague castle exceptional viewhotel at the three ostrichesdirectly at the charles bridge hotel old praguenear old town squarehotel at the three storksmix of contemporary design and historical elementshotel bishop housenext to the charles bridgehotel golden starjust below the prague castle
 

more recommended hotels all above prices include breakfast (except alchymist) and all taxes.


 
prague hotels on map



show prague map in fullscreen




why book with us


no cancellation fee
no cancellation fee until 48 hours before scheduled arrival
	(n/a for groups).


no payment in advance
you will pay after your arrival to the hotel.


swift reply from our operators
write us and we call
	you back as soon as posible.
	



lower prices
our prices are often lower than directly
	with the hotel and never higher!


comprehensive descriptions
we have visited and checked all hotels.


local company with long tradition
on czech market. you will benefit from our expertise.

learn more








testimonials on tripadvisor
	"if you visit cesky krumlov, rafting is definitely a must... booked our hotel through interacta travel...." read more prague accommodation
testimonials on interacta travel services


accommodation in prague

historic
	centre
walking
	distance from historic centre
near
	underground station
by
	public transport in less than 15 minutes
others
	hotels in prague
hotels
hotels
hotels
hotels 
hostels
with special discounts
apartments
pensions

fast booking forms

individual request
group request


live webcams in prague





selected historical hotels

hotel elitehotel adalberthotel albatroshotel alchymisthotel antikhotel at the red lionhotel at the three storkshotel bishop househotel black eaglehotel caesar palacehotel cerny slonhotel old praguehotel first republichouse in vinohradyhotel golden agehotel golden starhotel grandhotel green lobsterhotel iron gatehotel kampa gardenhotel klarovhotel lundborghotel nebozizekhotel paris praguehotel romahotel tylhotel u pavahotel at the three ostricheshotel at the golden wheelhotel retezovahotel dominicanmore hotels

 city guide
trips in prague and czech republic by experienced guide

 airport transport
transport from the airport and more

 car rental
choice from many cars


the best of opera
the opera program

 classical concerts
the concerts in interesting place

 wow
the black theatre


certificates of competency

association of czech travel agents


partners and other operators

prague webcam
other useful travel websites
hotels in budapest
hotels in vienna


company details

about interacta travel 
contacts





copyright © 1997-2021 vaclav ruzek, interacta travel. all rights reserved. all unauthorized copying of any part of this page strictly prohibited!
home | developed: websitez.cz
















