



















































la lingua bella — livejournal





































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































lalinguabella
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














lalinguabella







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





 
la lingua bella

about
the beautiful language


profile
lalinguabellaborn in marietta, ga, usa. used to live in regensburg, germany. now i live in northern california where it's warmer and sunnier than it's been for me in a long, long time.


page summary
 [#] movies: judgment at nuremberg ****  [#] travel: carmel-by-the-sea, california  [#] homes: salvaging historical housing  [#] news: the human supercomputer  [#] news: more white than red, white & blue  [#] news: the sony reader  [#] thoughts: for the dogs...  [#] news: google gets video  [#] humor: encounter with a barrel  [#] sites: craig's list *** 


navigation
recent entriesarchivefriendsprofile previous page


links
dant's gridbloginstapunditdana's lj blogheidi's (apparently defunct) lj blog


blurb
welcome to la lingua bella, a place to discuss languages and concerns and interests of the global community. your comments are welcomed!


october 2006
12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031





movies: judgment at nuremberg ****

oct. 22nd, 2006 @ 08:12 pm 





wow. i just watched the 1961 oscar-winning classic judgment at nuremberg. i am not surprised that i never watched it before moving to germany because it has largely become a forgotten masterpiece. but, if nothing else, my time living in germany has given me an appreciation for the oft-distorted american-centric view of europe, and this bizarre fascination brought me to tivo this fine film. after this three-hour docu-drama was left unwatched for months, it became endangered as the oldest item left on my tivo. so, my husband and i finally sat down this weekend to dedicate the time needed to "watch it and free up some space on the tivo". but, oh, it was so much more than that. the movie centers around an obscure retired american judge who is summoned to nuremberg war trials to head a tribunal investigating german judges who were complicit with the nazis. but what it accomplishes is much more than a painful trip down wwii memory lane. instead, it explains in a very consumer-friendly manner how to avoid the slippery slope logical fallcy--especially when it comes to forcing permanent and deadly acts on others. i would hate to spoil the ending, because it is a nail-biter, but let me assure you that at the end of three hours watching this magnificently written, acted, filmed, and directed masterpiece, you will have a better understanding of how a whole country could "stand by" and let hitler's madness be enacted. indeed, you may even find some abstract concepts that can be applied in modern times.tags: movies

(1 comment | leave a comment)



travel: carmel-by-the-sea, california

jun. 16th, 2006 @ 10:00 pm 





“the pacific ocean is cold. really cold. all the time. don't go in without a wetsuit unless you're a sea lion.”by stroke of luck, my hubby and i had friday afternoon off, and so we decided to see some of the sites near our new home. we live about 25 miles from the ocean, and, though we have lived here since october, we had yet to see it. that all changed on friday when we made our trek down to carmel-by-the-sea. carmel is about 90 miles from our house, and maybe a third of that is at highway speed. we took the scenic route, down through santa cruz and around monterey bay. we stopped off at lovely and quiet moss landing beach [ view hybrid map ] for an hour or so. this beach was in the center of monterey bay, with santa cruz at the end of the arc to our north, and monterey and carmel jutting out at the opposite end. the gritty sand was hot, but the ocean breeze was absolutely perfect. we discovered something all the locals already knew: the pacific ocean is cold. really cold. all the time. don't go in without a wetsuit unless you're a sea lion. (more on that in my next post.) we hung out on the beach for an hour or so, called some folks back home to gloat, watched the brown pelicans skim the wavetops, and stared at the oversized surf splashing around before us. when it started to get hot, we moved on down highway 1 to our final destination.carmel-by-the-sea is a charming little resort town just a hair south of pebble beach. [ view hybrid map. ] we drove around past the little cottages perched on the cliffs overlooking the quiet, sheltered beach, before finding a parking space near the cute downtown. there were some better-than-average shops, but the overall shopping experience was off the mark for me. maybe if i were in the market for art, i would have been pleased with the dozens upon dozens of galleries. as it was, i rapidly grew disinterested in downtown, and the beach was calling. when we got to the beach, i was surprised that all the people there were regular people, families, just enjoying the scenery. folks were walking their dogs, playing catch, and reading books. it wasn't a fashion show by any means, as few folks were even wearing bathing suits. most, like us, were just wearing shorts and t-shirts or sundresses. it was charming. the beach itself was steep as it transitioned from the rocky cliff down to the ocean, where it tapered off somewhat, but the sand was extremely fine and pleasant to walk on. down the beach from us, some brave young souls were surfing. surprisingly, some were even good at it. up the beach a bit was a grass-covered cliff, manicured to perfection, that i can only presume was one of the world-famous pebble beach golf courses right on the ocean. how nice. as the sun started its descent, we packed up our beach chairs and headed down the coast about 10 more miles. i'd heard of a restaurant called rocky point that is situated on a cliff and where every table has a stunning view of the ocean. they weren't lying. the view was amazing. the food wasn't too bad, either, and that's good, since it was on the pricey side. still, it was the perfect way to end our first day at the beach in california.tags: travel, unitedstates

(2 comments | leave a comment)



homes: salvaging historical housing

apr. 9th, 2006 @ 05:52 pm 





“we immediately turned to follow the ["salvage sale"] sign, only to be confronted with this beautiful home in a historic neighborhood. strangely, the home was being gutted right before our eyes.”one of my favorite hobbies is fixing up my house. hubby and i did that a lot when we lived in atlanta, but not so much in german because we were renting. now that we're back in our own home, the building bug has bitten us once again, and we couldn't be more excited about it. this weekend, we were driving around palo alto, and noticed a sign that said "salvage sale". we immediately turned to follow the sign, only to be confronted with this beautiful home in a historic neighborhood. strangely, the home was being gutted right before our eyes. we approached, greeted by a worker from a local salvage company, who explained that we entered at our own risk, but anything we saw was for sale. anything.we toured the 100+ year old home with inlaid hardwood flooring, arched doorways with custom redwood trim, built-in shelving units, antique ceiling fixtures, authentic windows with wavy glass... all you could possibly want in a beautiful historic home. but the tragic thing was, it was being torn down. well, first torn apart, then torn down. what a shame. heartbroken, i searched for a reason for all of this. i asked the salvage worker what the story was, and she didn't know, but said that the others who had toured the site were ready to lynch the owners for doing such a...crime? i thought surely it would be a crime, because almost every town has historic zoning commissions. i asked about that, and the worker said that palo alto used to have some pretty strict ones, but they got sued a year or so ago, and dropped all historic building codes. all of them. what a shame.
(3 comments | leave a comment)



news: the human supercomputer

mar. 27th, 2006 @ 08:09 pm 





“if the agency waited for its employees to translate this (unusual) volume of documents, it would take years. but, if we learned nothing else from memogate, we learned that there are massive numbers of people out there on the 'net who are willing to give their time and energy to the cause of investigative journalism.”my husband works in the specialty of grid computing. the basic idea behind it is that processing needs come in peaks and valleys. sometimes you need more computing power than you currently have, but there are times when you don't use much of your compute power. the idea of grid computing says that there's a benefit to trading one computer's "slow usage time" with another computer during it's "high usage time". your unused cycles can be shared out, and when you need more cycles than you can do by yourself, you get them from others in your network. seti@home is a popular example of this style of "poor-man's supercomputing". well, imagine my surprise today to read that this concept has spread beyond machine computing. i read an article entitled u.s. makes seized iraqi documents public that explained that the us intelligence directorate has abstracted the idea to document processing. you see, the government has millions of pages that need translation, but a limited number of people whose sole job is translating them. if the agency waited for its employees to translate this (unusual) volume of documents, it would take years. but, if we learned nothing else from memogate, we learned that there are massive numbers of people out there on the 'net who are willing to give their time and energy to the cause of investigative journalism. the mainstream bloggers urged congress to make the documents available to the internet community  and see what would happen. the hope being that documents of interest would receive the most commentary, helping the government prioritize. essentially, they want people with down time to donate a portion of that time to the massively time-intensive project of translating 1+ million documents--a project that the government can't (and shouldn't) hire enough people to perform in a timely manner. it's a human super-computer! and it's brilliant!tags: news

(leave a comment)



news: more white than red, white & blue

feb. 10th, 2006 @ 12:15 pm 





“i've never been so glad to have moved away [from bavaria] as when i saw these pictures”well, that's the equivalent phrase for us enlgish speakers. because the bavarian state flag is white and blue, the german headline for the story is bayern: mehr weiss als weiss-blau. apparently, the eastern part of the state, the bavarian forest, is buried in an unthinkable amount of snow. many buildings are reported to be in danger of collapse due to the weight of the snow. this is in a place where the roofs are angled so steep that the snow is supposed to fall off. unfortunately, the snow is piled so high, there's nowhere for it to go! i've never been so glad to have moved away as when i saw these pictures!meanwhile, here in the bay area, we're having record highs. i can't remember the last time i've seen the 80's during february! yay! tags: german, news

(leave a comment)


other entries


» news: the sony reader

how would you like to take 10 paperbacks with you on your beach vacation, but you don't want to carry a shoebox's worth of extra space? it sounds like a dream, but we've all heard the promise of ebooks, and the resulting technology was just an electronic version readable on your normal computer screen. not exactly portable, unless you had a laptop, in which case it was impossible to read at the beach. the bright light made the screen too hard to read, plus who would dare risk their laptop at such a venue? and reading from the computer screen was too tiring to the eyes, anyway. the technology never seemed to live up to its promise. “well, if we believe [sony's] hype, 'the digital book has come of age.'”well, if we believe their hype, "the digital book has come of age." it appears that the early forms of ebooks will be a distant memory when sony unveils its new "reader". i first heard about this product only today on instapundit, but it has already captured my interest. the sony reader is smaller than a laptop, and it's readable in direct sunlight and at angles. this is all made possible, it seems, by a miraculous invention, e ink. i hear it reads just like paper, except that it's electronic. i can't wait to see it. list of features:paper-like displaysmall and lightcontains enough memory for at least 80 average-sized books...available memory upgrades, plays music, displays graphics, and more!wired magazine's article on it says it went over well at the consumer electronics show in las vegas in january. it's scheduled to be available for $300-$400 this spring. according to wired, sony's plan for success with this product is based on integration with their online music sales store. a one-stop shop to get music and books? sign me up!
feb. 6th, 2006 @ 07:04 pm

(3 comments | leave a comment)

» thoughts: for the dogs...

“if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you; that is the principal difference between a dog and a man. -mark twain ”today, i was forwarded one of those humor emails that we all get from our friends. today, though, i read it because it was about dogs, and dogs are cute; meaning i hoped the email would also be cute. i wasn't terribly disappointed, but there were a couple of great quotes in there that i thought might be worth posting here. here they are in my order of preference:women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea. -robert a. heinlein if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you; that is the principal difference between a dog and a man. -mark twain if you think dogs can't count, try putting three dog biscuits in your pocket and then give him only two of them. -phil pastoret dogs love their friends and bite their enemies, quite unlike people, who are incapable of pure love and always have to mix love and hate. -sigmund freud there is no psychiatrist in the world like a puppy licking your face. -ben williams a dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than he loves himself. -josh billings i wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult. -rita rudner 
jan. 26th, 2006 @ 11:36 am

(3 comments | leave a comment)

» news: google gets video

“it seems that someone [google] finally convinced the broadcasters that there's a huge demand for downloadable on-demand video of their tv shows.”i was wowed this week to hear about the new google video services. it seems that someone finally convinced the broadcasters that there's a huge demand for downloadable on-demand video of their tv shows. for those who missed the broadcast, for those who spend more time in planes than in front of their television, or for those who have better quality laptop monitors than tv screens, for those outside the broadcast range. for whatever reason, people want this service. i certainly do.for years now, this has only been available by peer-to-peer networks and other not-so-legitimate methods. i have always said that broadcast networks could make a mint by charging $1 or $2 per show if they would just make available some legal way to download the shows. well, finally, google has helped make that a reality. you can visit http://video.google.com/ and search for that episode of csi you missed last week because your kid's ballgame ran late, or you can watch the basketball game from your hometown, or you can search for that video everyone's been talking about at work. some of the premium content--like recent tv shows, copyrighted work, etc.--costs money, but not much--between $1 and $5 is what i've seen so far. but there's lots of free stuff on there, too. stuff like my favorite: octopus eats shark. check it out for yourself, and let me know what you think about the idea. will it catch on? do you think you'll use it? 
jan. 12th, 2006 @ 12:35 am

(2 comments | leave a comment)

» humor: encounter with a barrel

one of my favorite humor pieces is this increasingly tragic accident report. i have looked on the web for attribution, and the best i can surmise is that its original form is part of gerard hoffnung's 1959 speech to oxford union, entitled "bricklayer's lament". the original version isn't available to us here online, but i first heard it as this joke version, so i thought i'd share. the sentiment comes through loud and clear. you'll no doubt enjoy reading "encounter with a barrel":dear sir,i am writing in response to your request for additional information in block #3 of the accident reporting form.  i put "trying to do the job alone" as the cause of my accident.  you stated, in your letter, that i should explain more fully, and i trust the following details will be sufficient.i am a bricklayer by trade.  on the day of the accident i was working on the roof of a new six-story building.  when i completed my work, i discovered that i had about 500 pounds of bricks left over.  rather than carry the bricks down by hand, i decided to lower them in a barrel by using a pulley, which fortunately, was attached to the side of the building, at the sixth floor.securing the rope at ground level, i went up to the roof, swung the barrel out and loaded the bricks into it.  then i went back to the ground and untied the rope, holding it tightly to insure a slow descent of the 500 pounds of bricks. you will note in block #11 of the accident reporting form that my weight is 135 pounds.due to my surprise at being jerked off the ground so suddenly, i lost my presence of mind and didn't think to let go of the rope.  needless to say, i proceeded at a rather rapid rate up the side of the building.in the vicinity of the third floor, i met the barrel that was now proceeding in a downward direction at an equally impressive rate of speed.  this explains the fractured skull, minor abrasions and the broken collarbone, as listed in section iii of the accident reporting form.slowed only slightly, i continued my rapid ascent, not stopping until the fingers of my right hand were two knuckles deep into the pulley that i mentioned in paragraph #2 of this correspondence.fortunately, by this time, i had regained my presence of mind and was able to hold tightly to the rope, in spite of the excruciating pain i was now beginning to experience.at approximately the same time, however, the barrel of bricks hit the ground and the bottom fell out of the barrel.  now devoid of the weight of the bricks the barrel now weighed approximately 50 pounds.i refer you again to my weight in block #11.  as you might imagine, i began a rapid descent down the side of the building.  in the vicinity of the third floor, i met the barrel coming up.  this accounts for the two fractured ankles, broken teeth, and the severe lacerations of my legs and lower body.here my luck began to change slightly.  the encounter with the barrel seemed to slow me enough to lessen my injuries when i fell into the pile of broken bricks, and fortunately, only three vertebrae were cracked.i am sorry to report, however, that as i lay there on the pile of bricks in pain, unable to move and looking up at the empty barrel, six stories above me, i once again lost my presence of mind and i let go of the rope.
jan. 10th, 2006 @ 05:08 pm

(3 comments | leave a comment)

» sites: craig's list ***

&#8220craig's list is [...] more akin to an american-style garage sale or a european-style flea market, but that's what i love about it.”i've just gotten back from my first successful craig's list buying adventure. craig's list is sort of a listing of classified advertisements, but extremely real-time, as opposed to waiting for publication in a newspaper. it's like ebay, except that you list your "asking price" for items. maybe it's more akin to an american-style garage sale or a european-style flea market, but that's what i love about it.i've tried twice before, unsuccessfully, to get some furniture, but either the quality was too poor or the asking price was too high. i am pleased that it finally worked out this time. craig's list has several sections, not just furniture. before we moved out here, we tried to find an apartment or rental house using the ads on craig's list, but we didn't get a lot of responses. most of them were cookie-cutter replies asking us to stop by on the weekend to look at the open house and submit applications. since we were out of town--way out of town--we never were able to participate. now that we live here, craig's list is much more useful. it does still have the strong limitation that you have to be within driving distance of whatever you're transacting about, and you have to do a lot of work yourself (like pick up items). so, it's not quite like ebay because on ebay, you usually have the chance to have an item shipped to you.all in all, i think craig's list is a great resource. you could outfit an entire house or apartment with little to no money--which would have been incredibly useful to us when we moved to germany. or, you could liquidate everything you own much easier than we did when we left germany. oh, how i wish we'd had this resource while we were there! in the mean time, check out the craig's list in your area, because there's a "local" version for nearly every city in the us and for many countries in the world!
jan. 7th, 2006 @ 05:57 pm

(5 comments | leave a comment)

top of page
powered by livejournal.com






























