









            gerg - texas a&m university
            
        












skip to content
                toggle navigation
              menu arts & sciencesdirectorygivingnews &
                  events
                toggle navigation
              menu 
              
							
							
							
							
							
							
							
                toggle navigation
              aboutabout gergleadership & missionaffiliated programsquality assurancesafetyemployment opportunitieshistorycontact usacademicsacademics at gergfacilities & resourcesopportunitiesresearchocean observingenvironmental sciencesresource geosciencesprojectspublicationspartners in sciencepeopleteam leadersscience teamsupport teamfacilitiescollege
                        news & events








 
 
 



  




ocean observing




ocean observing

  




autonomous glider research




autonomous glider research

  




cutting edge lab analysis




cutting edge lab analysis

  previous    next 





who we are
the geochemical and environmental research group (gerg) is a center of excellence in applied geosciences within the college of geosciences of texas a&m university. gerg, founded in 1981, focuses on applied interdisciplinary research in the ocean and environmental sciences. as part of gerg's mission in education, graduate and undergraduate students are encouraged to interact with gerg's scientists and staff in their study and research. students at gerg are mentored and advised in their study and research in many areas by the staff and scientists at gerg. gerg benefits from the leadership developed by the students and the dynamic and diversity of student activities.

learn more about gerg
what we do
the geochemical and environmental research group (gerg) provides research and education to the public. scientists at gerg conduct basic and applied research for both private and government entities in the fields of ocean science, environmental sciences, and resource geosciences. the combination of private and government research activities at gerg has led to a unique combination of service, education, and research expertise.
gerg is organized as three interrelated core competencies working together to provide capabilities including field data acquisition, data analyses, and data interpretation. current research projects conducted at gerg encompass chemistry, biology, oceanography, geology, geochemsitry, meteorology, and toxicology.

check out gerg research



newsautonomous glider withstands two hurricanes while transmitting continuous ocean dataa texas a&m liquid robotics waveglider is collecting and transmitting water quality data from above the flower garden banks national marine sanctuary.texas a&m gerg data fuels storm prediction efforts in the gulfthe tabs off-shore system of buoys run by gerg and funded by the texas general land office provides life-saving data during hurricane season. texas a&m scientists develop crucial, multiscale oil spill modelsupported by the bp-funded gulf of mexico research initiative, new computer model covers scales from droplets to oceans, to predict how future oil spills would travel in the gulf. geosciences 2019 hurricane experts guidetexas a&m geoscientists are available to offer scientific analysis and expertise to media during the 2019 hurricane season.texas a&m experts reflect on oceanographic lessons learned from hurricane harveyoceanography researchers presented new studies on how the unusual ocean condition contributed to hurricane harvey at recent ocean sciences meeting. oceanography reu to include glider research cruiseundergrads can apply by feb. 16 to get at-sea training and do graduate-level research with aggie oceanographers.more geosciences news














geochemical and environmental research grouptexas a&m university833 graham roadcollege station, texas 77845
 gerg
 (979) 862-2323




 facebook
 twitter
 youtube








© college of arts & sciences
texas a&m university
webmaster
emergency protocol
accessibility
policies
state of texas
texas veterans portal
risk, fraud & misconduct hotline
statewide search
state link policy
open records
notice of nondiscrimination
institutional resumes
accountability
course schedules & syllabus, faculty cv
texas crews
texas a&m university is a member of the texas a&m university system
















