


california cowboys


















































































home




meet the band






california cowboys





r.w. smith





gary potterton





hal atkinson





bill mooney








schedule




store




media




email us!


























































the official home of the california cowboys




california's hottest country band!




call us: 707-474-5823
















































































































































































































































































































































































the california cowboys











r. w. smith and the california cowboys deliver a powerful sound, with the clear punch of tight three-part harmonies. and such rowdy, foot stompin' original songs as "we ride' em we rope' em" and "double shot of hank", it's easy to see this band will always go over in a big way with any audience. as lead singer and song-writer, r.w. is the polished showman. he dances and jokes with the audience while delivering top billing entertainment. together with drummer hal atkinson (ccma’s drummer of the year, 1994), guitar player gary potterton ( producer of "grandma got run over by a reindeer". bass player, bill mooney and legendary steel guitarist, bobby black. these fine musicians form one of california's most successful country-western bands. with a solid draw and non-stop show, promoters and sponsors know the cowboys can fill the seats with cheering audiences.the cowboys have appeared on concert billings with such country favorites as alabama, the judds, dwight yoakam, merle haggard, ronnie milsap, george jones, joe diffe, willie nelson, waylon jennings, the bellamy brothers, pam tillis, travis tritt, doug stone, alan jackson, george strait, and many other country stars. they have appeared frequently at many of nevada's top casino's, including harvey's south lake tahoe, the peppermill & john asquaga's nugget. they have also appeared at many of california's largest fairs, cal expo (sacramento), the sonoma-marin county fair & the stanislaus county fair, to name a few. no strangers to large crowds, the cowboys have performed at at&t park, the oakland coliseum, the cow palace, the shoreline amphitheater, the concord pavilion, and the gilroy garlic festival. if you have a special event, the cowboys can help make it a successful & memorable one!



























































california cowboys calendar


















































google email 


title 

print 

tabs 

calendars 

timezone 
background color 

* to share your google calendar, first make sure it is public
































































current albums










































purchase here! 



















































purchase here!



















































purchase here!


































































































































california cowboys




p.o. box 3276fairfield, ca 94533707-474-5823














































