







ecentral stores

















toggle navigation










about


testimonials


policies


contact















our stores
                    













patio lane

1,000s of outdoor performance fabrics and textile supplies that cater to the awning, marine, automotive and contract/hospitality industries. in addition, we feature interior dã©cor fabrics, outdoor living products such as rugs and heaters, custom cushion and finished goods manufacturing and dozens of awning and shade solutions to help complete any outdoor space.














outdoor fabric central
specializing in sunbrella fabrics
indoors and outdoors, sunbrella© fabrics are versatile. whether you need fabric for your awning, outdoor furniture or umbrella, the bimini on your boat or your casual furniture in your home, sunbrella© fabrics can go anywhere. sunbrella© fabrics are tough enough to withstand the extremes of mother nature along with all the little accidents that come from everyday living. sunbrella fabrics will remain beautiful summer after summer.












outdoor textiles

our products include furniture fabrics, marine fabrics of all kinds, clear vinyl, grommets, zippers, and threads. our selection includes such name brands as ferrari, nautolex, sunbrella, outdura, topgun, strataglass, stamoid, and others. as a family-owned firm, we know what consistency is all about. we know what a difference quality can make. and we know that a smile, a handshake, and a purchase that feels really good will guarantee our success. therefore, we're committed to three main features. 













haven and harmony

haven and harmony luxury swing bed company, handcrafted, lightweight aluminum hanging porch swings with optional sunbrella cushion bundles. all of the swing beds and cushions are personally designed and handcrafted in clearwater, florida by haven and harmony.













pillow my fancy
at pillow my fancy we have a few promises. we promise that our throw pillows are always made with the best materials available to us. whether it's the fabric, the heavy-duty zipper, or the extra strong thread, our pillow covers are made to last.
we promise that our throw pillows are made by a person, and not mass produced by a machine. we promise that our throw pillows are all made in the u.s.a. we promise that our throw pillows are as unique as you.












showoff canopy

the showoff canopy has been the most reliable and customizable art show booth for professional artists since 1990. made with a 100% aluminum frame, it leads the market with its lightweight design, portable art show display walls, and ease of assembly. unlike other canopies, it sheds rain water off to the sides, away from the entrance, and with only 16 major frame components, it is by far the easiest to put together. 




















© ecentral stores 2016-2021











