







welcome to nnin | national nanotechnology infrastructure network






















skip to main content



  
national nanotechnology infrastructure network
serving nanoscale science, engineering & technology






search form

search 





 












home
about us
reu
education & training













       

nnin facilities feature over 1100 modern nanotechnology instruments such as these reactive ion etch systems at the nnin facility at georgia tech.  all are available to users on an open basis


 the national nanotechnology infrastructure network (nnin) research experience for undergraduates (reu) program. click on the picture above to learn more.


nnin provides the national user community with advanced fabrication facilities such as this ald system located at the  stanford nanofabrication facility, one of the 14 nnin nodes.


nnin facilities are located at 14 major universities around the country. each offers an array of advanced nanotechnology resouroces to users on an open basis.


dr. subra  suresch, director of the national science foundation, meeting with nnin ireu students in japan, june 2012


nnin offers access to advanced fabrication facilities such as this cvd furnace at the cornell facility.


student using one of the scanning electron microscopes at the howard university nnin facility. this is one of over 1100 major instruments available through nnin.

 
 







quick links

nanooze magazine












news





nnci award 


nnin reu students awarded goldwater scholarships 


nnin reu students awarded nsf fellowships 

 




home
welcome to nnin






important notice:
nnci announcement september 16.2015: nsf has announced awards to support the formation of the national nanotechnology coordinated infrastructure, a network that will build upon the base formed by the former nnin.   nnci will consist of 16 primary sites, with a total of 27 institutional partners involved. eight former nnin sites are part of the new network. like nnin, nnci will offer open access to advanced nanotechnology resources across a broad range of nanotechnology areas.
nnci was formed as 16 separate awards.  a competition will be held during 1q2016 to establish the coordinating office of nnci. a central web site for nnci will not be available until then. details of networked programs such as reu will not be available until later.
more detailed information on nnci is available here , including links to the nsf press release, individual site press releases, and individual site web sites. 
the   web site of nnci is located here. please consult it for more information.
important notice:
funding for nnin came to end end on sept 1, 2014 after almost 12 years. sites will be rapidly winding down their efforts under nnin.   this web site will no longer be updated. content will gradually be deleted, become obsolete, or be transferred to the new (pending) nnci web site. see above for important nsf announcement about the successor nanotechnology network.
 

	 
 





















about this site
contact nnin
nnin sites
cornell university
national science foundation





 









the national nanotechnology infrastructure network is supported by national science foundation cooperative agreement eecs-0335765 and by support from the member institutions.
any opinions, findings, conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the national science foundation.






login 




