






























































phone: (706) 781-3030
             physical address:
             168 rogers street - blairsville, ga 30512
contact us



            email: negboard@gmail.com
            mailing address:
            p.o. box 310 - blairsville, ga 30512












toggle navigation




main menu





become a member 

join the negbor
navica mls



member information 

membership benefits
by-laws
education
board of directors
circle of excellence
ga/nc mountains & lakes regional guide

nar links
national association of realtorsâ®
house logic
code of ethics and professional standard
broker involvement
realtorâ® party

gar links
georgia association of realtorsâ®
rpac-realtorâ® political action committee
invest in rpac online

georgia real estate commission
realtorsâ® property resource
register to vote
mls billing schedule
realtor safety
committee information



consumer information 

consumer information
why live here
area photos
how to file an ethics complaint



mls search


our members 

search members
search offices



our affiliate partners 

join today
our affiliate partners



upcoming events 

2024 calendar of events
past event photos


































































welcome to the official site of the northeast georgia board of realtors® (negbor®). the negbor® serves as the leading advocate for the real estate industry in the georgia/north carolina mountains and lakes region.  our board serves as a central source of information for our members and affiliate partners with our main focus being (1) real estate education, (2) promoting the highest ethical and professional business practices in the real estate industry, and (3) promoting private real estate property rights and issues that affect our members, affiliates and communities.

the northeast georgia board of realtors® proudly serves the following counties in georgia: towns, union, fannin & gilmer as well as clay and cherokee county in north carolina.

our members are experts in the real estate profession, including specialties like residential, commercial, investment, industrial, land development, rental property management, and strata management.

the board advances and promotes the interests of those engaged in the business of real estate. we provide our members with the tools and education they need to give their clients the best possible service. we represent our members’ and the public’s concerns on issues involving legislation and the vitality of our communities at all levels of government. 

the northeast georgia board of realtors® is a mark of quality having celebrated an industry of real estate professionals for over 40 years.  negbor® is an active member of the national association of realtors®. (nar) has nearly 1 million members nationwide specializing in all facets of the real estate arena - residential sales, auctioneers, business brokers, commercial & industrial sales and leasing and residential property managers.  

negbor® members enjoy recent statistics, with out online platform for real estate forms, advisory tips, advocacy, continuing education, national events and much more.  if you're not a negbor® member, why not join today?

negbor serves as the leading advocate for the real estate industry in the mountains and lakes region
promoting private real property rights and issues that affect our members, affiliates and communities
promoting the highest ethical land professional business practices in the real estate industry
real estate education

 
 
 



















contact us
home
site map
privacy policy









© systems engineering, inc.


















