



  




madaan & co. attorneys at law, international law firm, madaan law firm

















madaan & co.attorneys at law





home
services
articles
testimonials
contact us








madaan & co. - profile

                                  we are a 
								  new york law
                firm which concentrates in corporate law, business law, 
                outsourcing, joint ventures, e-commerce, 
                business transactions, international investments and regulatory laws in almost all sectors of 
                business.

                                  india practice

                                  our lawyers have decades of experience with 
								  the us clients in taking them to india or 
								  growing their business in india. our team has 
								  comprehensive knowledge of indian laws, 
								  regulations and business environment as well 
								  as cultural insights which is effective in 
								  commercial and solutions oriented advice on 
								  high stakes matters and landmark transactions 
								  across various states of india.

                                   by advising on many of the landmark 
								  transactions in various sectors, we bring a 
								  deep understanding of the commercial and 
								  regulatory dynamics including in media sector, 
								  information and technology sector, financial 
								  sector, energy and infrastructure, outsourcing 
								  services, healthcare and pharmaceuticals and 
								  industrial manufacturing.

                                  we have also advised on licensing, agency and 
								  marketing in the fast growing market in india.our 
								  advice on cultural aspect of doing business in 
								  india has helped many clients succeed in their 
								  business endeavors in india. 
                click here to learn more about our services.
with a
                committed international corporate and commercial
                practice, our lawyers have assisted many clients
                to make a smooth and cost-effective passage into
                the indian market. we have assisted clients
                entering the indian market, advising them on the
                most efficient market entry strategy and tax
                efficient structure. 
our lawyers
                have represented various usa companies doing business in india, 
				from big to small businesses. we
                counsel them in structuring and documentation of
                a wide range of corporate and commercial
                transactions and marketing strategies. our lawyers have considerable
                experience in dealing with regulatory and
                government authorities and constantly advise on
                all aspects of doing business. 

                                  among others, our team of 
                lawyers has dealt with matters ranging from business 
                transactions, joint ventures, tax planning, corporate structuring and 
                				  trademark filings and outsourcing agreements. 
our professional team of 
                attorneys-at-law include those educated at harvard law school, 
                harvard university in the usa.
our attorneys and 
                professionals are committed to providing quality legal services 
                with a client centered and result-oriented 
                approach to the practice and are committed to follow the highest 
                standards of fair practice and ethics.
                       
our attorneys strive to 
                continuously update their knowledge and legal skills, which 
                keeps them abreast of the latest developments in laws, culture 
                and business standards of various countries which helps us in 
                providing our clients with creative legal solutions. 
our dedication to the 
                client's interests means that we strive for legal excellence as 
                well as appreciate the commercial environment in which our 
                clients operate. we combine a personal approach with high 
                professional standards and aim to provide a comprehensive legal 
                service to our corporate, financial and commercial clients. 
our lawyers are frequently 
                invited to deliver lectures and talks throughout the united states of america 
				and india in panels organized by international chamber of 
				commerce, american bar association, american 
                arbitration association, us-india business council and harvard 
				institute for international development and other prestigious 
				organizations.
in the fast-paced legal and 
                business environment, we quickly provide our clients with clear 
                and practical advice to facilitate their commercial activities.
we are of
                the belief that in the context of the age of globalization, the legal profession plays
                a valuable and constructive role. the changes in
                the economic climate in the world have brought
                about a change in the traditional role of the
                lawyer. the development of the transnational law
                practitioner has occurred in response to clients
                conducting business on an international level.
                the need for specialist services has emerged and
                is especially needed in addressing issues of
                international trade and international corporate
                matters. 





articles


doing business in india

incorporating company in india 
procedure for formation of company in india 
 formation of subsidiary in india
starting a business in india 
opening branch in india 
government approvals for investing in india for foreign investors
entry strategies & tax planning in india for foreign investors 
forming llp in india
foreign investment in india sector wise guide
doing business in india - free guide for foreign companies doing business with india
registering trademarks in india
registering patent in india
tax rates in india
process serving in india
outsourcing
outsourcing to india
outsourcing agreements
outsourcing successfully
legal outsourcing
 joint ventures
joint venture agreements
international joint venture agreements
joint venture successfully
joint ventures in india
 dispute resolution
arbitration in india
litigation in india
dispute resolution in india
arbitration in usa
international commercial arbitration
drafting international arbitration agreements
 contracts
international joint venture agreements
outsourcing agreements











madaan & co. p.c.,   attorneys at law  
 email us

                â© 2015 madaan & co. 
                disclaimer






