









sacramento tree foundation

































































 
















skip to content



























 
homeabout staff board of directors job openings financialsour work free trees community plantings native tree reforestation neighborwoods urban wood rescue cherry blossom park activities for kids & teachers acorn harvest monitoring elmseventsshop buy merch buy woodblogcontact











facebook





youtube





flickr





instagram






































 
get trees free trees for smud customers free trees for community spaces currently available trees recommended trees for the sacramento regionget involved events calendar volunteer lead a project get free trees for your community buy merch buy wood make a gift donate to the hanami line job listingsfind resources languages español на русском hmoob tiếng việt 中文 tagalog learn about trees native trees tree identification activities for kids tree tours tree care tips recommended trees how to plant a tree watering trees mulching trees pruning trees hiring an arboristdonate












search














 














rooting for sacramentotrees are our love note to sacramentans. from seed to slab, we're growing the urban forest that makes this region livable and lovable.
together, we are cultivating beautiful green spaces that nurture our health, uplift our spirits, and continue our legacy as the city of trees.


help us grow


 
















 
name

please enter your name.


email address

please enter a valid email address.




get updates




please check the captcha to verify you are not a robot.


thanks for subscribing! monthly newsletters are usually sent the first tuesday of each month. feel free to reply to them if you have questions or stories to share!
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.

















with your help, we are stewarding the urban forest from seed to slab



















harvestinggathering the seeds that will reforest the region
 

















sowingplanting a seed to inspire the next generation of tree stewards
 

















plantinggrowing a livable and lovable sacramento region
 

















tendingcultivating thriving communities through stewardship
 

















reclaiminggiving a second life to sacramento's fallen trees
 

















helpful tips
















how to plant a treeget detailed instructions or watch our video to learn how to get your tree off to a healthy start.


get planting


 

















choose the right tree for your spacebrowse 80+ trees that grow best in our region and find ones you love.


browse trees


 

















find tree care advicelearn what your trees need to thrive and keep them healthy with these simple tips.


get tips


 




















how would you like to get involved?



















plantget free trees to plant at your home or business.
 

















volunteerplant and care for trees in parks, schools, and open spaces.
 

















learnfind tips to plant and care for your trees.
 

















givemake a gift to bring lasting change to our region.
 

















why trees?






trees are intertwined with our lives in ways we cannot always quantify — we can't measure concepts like beauty, serenity, or a sense of place. when it comes to the benefits we can calculate, trees pack a powerful punch in addressing some of the biggest issues we face in the 21st century.















climate resiliencetrees are powerful stalwarts in the fight against climate change, and they shield our neighborhoods from the harmful effects of rising temperatures and irregular rainfall.
 













social equitytrees are a cornerstone of environmental justice and can offset negative impacts from decades of discriminatory planning practices in marginalized communities.
 













public healthour health is directly linked to the tree canopy where we live. places with dense canopy have lower rates of asthma, high blood pressure, obesity, and more.
 


















read the latest from the urban forest














 

 



a blossoming legacy: the hanami line comes to life 






 

 



planting climate-ready trees in sacramento: part 1 of 2






 

 



summer tree tips: keeping your trees healthy in the heat 






 

 



volun-cheers for a successful 2023-24 planting season! 












blog archive


















growing thriving communities through stewardship of our urban forest










 
name

please enter your name.


email address

please enter a valid email address.




get updates




please check the captcha to verify you are not a robot.


thanks for subscribing! monthly newsletters are usually sent the first tuesday of each month. feel free to reply to them if you have questions or stories to share!
something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.









 


























sacramento tree foundation
6011 midway street
sacramento, ca 95828
916-924-8733









privacy policy














instagram





flickr





youtube








© 2024 sacramento tree foundation.
all rights reserved.









 


 
 






















