


mythopedia - introducing plasma mythology























 
                         



                          objective


  transient 
                        events


  'the 
                        age of myth'


  books


  bibliography


  tpods


 


  
                         !! 
                        funding needed !!


 
                          contact
                         







objective



"the correct analyses of myths and of 
                          mythical thought, of symbols and primordial images, 
                          especially the religious creations that emerge from 
                          oriental and 'primitive' cultures, are, in my opinion, 
                          the only way to open the western mind and to introduce 
                          a new, planetary humanism." 
- mircea eliade (1976) 
 

my research interests are diverse, but 
                          the dominant theme is the history of cosmology, 
                          with 'cosmology' defined in the widest sense: knowledge 
                          about the origin, structure and workings of the natural 
                          world on all levels, from subatomic particles to galaxies.
 this includes the history of science 
                          proper, but also of traditional cosmology: 
                          prescientific conceptions of the world defined more 
                          by cultural tradition than by repeated observation, 
                          logic and restraint. of special interest to me 
                          are the earlier or more archaic belief systems 
                          and the potential evidence they contain of transient 
                          natural events. the latter range from objectively 
                          innocuous spectacles such as aurorae and solar eclipses 
                          through potentially more harmful events like meteorite 
                          falls and localised earthquakes to much more impactful 
                          phenomena on even larger scales, traditionally the preserve 
                          of catastrophist thinkers.
one long-term project concerns the 
                          emergence of planetary astronomy, primarily in the 
                          ancient near east and the graeco-roman world. another 
                          is the reconstruction of a global template of 'creation 
                          mythology', with possible physical explanations 
                          for its origins.
character
 these subjects are of an interdisciplinary 
                          character, combining aspects of humanities such as the 
                          history of science, the history of religions, art history, 
                          comparative mythology, archaeology and anthropology 
                          with geology, palaeontology, geophysics, astronomy and 
                          other natural sciences.
 they are also sensitive on both 
                          sides of an ideological divide. on one hand, specialists 
                          are often wary of any combination of catastrophism and 
                          myth or 'recent', due to a history of pseudoscience 
                          in this area. at the other end are those who feel my 
                          approach is too timid as long as i omit alien visitations, 
                          numerology and sacred geometry, a young, hollow or flat 
                          earth, divinely revealed scriptures, technologically 
                          advanced civilisations in the ice age and so on. it 
                          is a fine line to tread, but the principle is simple: 
                          a courageous, dispassionate use of the scientific method, 
                          relying solely on adequate evidence and logic.
  sources
 tradition refers to anything passed 
                          on collectively within one or more societies, often 
                          imbued with a sense of sacrality and truth. myths and 
                          legends, rituals, designs of portable objects (such 
                          as pottery, statuary and costumes), of architectural 
                          monuments (such as pyramids, stūpas and 
                          cathedrals) and on the ground, rocks or natural walls 
                          (such as stone circles, geoglyphs and petroglyphs), 
                          in all their myriad combinations, are replete with references 
                          to the natural world and its past. some of this information 
                          is still available to us in the mute form of 
                          ruins and artefacts or in oral tradition. another 
                          repository is the written record of history. 
                          all frequently incorporate observations of the sky or 
                          the landscape and interpretations thereof.

                          as far as the celestial aspect is concerned, such traditional 
                          information has been the ambit of disciplines labelled 
                          'archaeoastronomy', 'cultural astronomy', the 'history 
                          of astronomy' and the 'history of ideas' or 'of religion', 
                          depending on geographical and chronological scope. geomythology 
                          addresses any geological and indeed palaeontological 
                          implications and applications of myth in particular.

utility

the study of historical information about 
                          the natural environment is useful in a variety of ways. 
                          it is of interest in its own right, facilitating our 
                          understanding of past societies and their outlook on 
                          the world, not least their religions. this is especially 
                          felt in cases where recent discoveries in science shed 
                          fresh light on historical data that had previously been 
                          inscrutable.
 conversely, historical sources have much 
                          to contribute to science. they can broaden our perspective 
                          on what is possible in nature and can complement the 
                          scientific reconstruction of the past 10,000 to 20,000 
                          years. areas that stand to gain much from historical 
                          input include: solar cycles and aurorae; eclipses; comets, 
                          meteor showers, meteorites and the zodiacal light; extreme 
                          weather events and climate change; earthquakes and volcanic 
                          eruptions; biodiversity; and the development of human 
                          consciousness, conduct and society.
 
marinus anthony van der sluijs
                          2000-2024
 
















