







home - nz marine industry association































































 






 skip to main content skip to header right navigation skip to site footernz marine industry associationcommitted to developing the marine industry in new zealandmenuhome
directory
membership

list of members
look for nz marine logo
join nz marine
nz marine sector groups
friends of nz marine


exporters

directory


training
events

nz marine one-day conference – 8 august 2024
nz marine industry conference 2023
our 2023 conference speakers


events booking

nz marine events
my account
cart


contact us

nz marine governance
publications




looking for a marine company?
whether you are looking to buy a boat, get a boat built, buy some new accessories or research professional services, the nz marine directory has your needs covered.
browse our directory



nz marine exporters
taking new zealand companies and products to the world
learn more



nz marine commercial vessels group
world leading in design, build, refit and maintenance of commercial vessels up to 160m in length.
visit our site


our mission statement:
‘to grow the nz marine industry through the profiling and collaboration of member companies, advocacy, industry training and promotion of safe boating as a recreational activity.’
can we help you find a marine product or service?



ready to take the dip?
whether you are considering getting into boating, or have already completed three circumnavigations, discover boating will have something for you.
discover boating


thinking of visiting?
destination & cruising new zealand is your guide to the best experiences for visiting superyachts and cruising yachts to our pacific nation.
read more


up to standard?
the cpc plate is your guarantee that the boat you are buying meets the coastguard new zealand-approved and audited boat building standard.
read more

jobs in our industry
looking for work in the marine industry? view current vacancies here!
view vacanciesnews stories h2ocean: king watercraft and fabrum collaborate on high performance hydrogen-powered rib boatjanuary 13, 2025no commentschristchurch companies fabrum and king watercraft create world-leading zero-emission high-performance hydrogen-powered rib boat h2ocean inraymarine honours l&b at mets: ‘50 years of great service’january 13, 2025no commentsraymarine, the global leader in high performance marine electronics, has honoured lusty & blundell ltd, new zealand’s leading distributor ofsurtees boats launches the 770 game fisher: a new era of premium design and comfortdecember 17, 2024no commentssurtees boats is proud to unveil the all-new 770 game fisher, a vessel that redefines modern boating by combining cutting-edge design, exceptionalnew zealand’s 2025 superyacht season underway with a bang, after opening event last nightdecember 5, 2024no commentsauckland’s annual superyacht welcome function took place last night with the largest crew turn out to-date for the event, which marks the opening of

industry training



discover boating



auckland boat show



© 2023 nz marine industry associationpo box 90 448, victoria street west, auckland 1142+64 (0)9 360 0056 • info@nzmarine.com • www.nzmarine.com
facebook
 



 

























