







esteem
























































0








        skip to content
      



























        contact
      



        parent access
      
















open menu
close menu




























        contact
      



        parent access
      
















open menu
close menu
























                  contact
                





                  parent access
                






















5th edition is here!






























a primary prevention curriculum for optimal health



esteem takes students on a journey to develop their goals and dreams. our curriculum adheres to 100% of the health texas education knowledge and skills (teks) and was created through the collaborative efforts of texas educators, counselors, coaches, and nurses - as well as parents and teens. esteem has been utilized in many texas schools since 2004. experience a program that is evidence-based, medically accurate, and proven effective to help students reduce risky behaviors.choosing the right curriculum for your school or community organization is a challenging job. we make it easier by assisting you through each approval step, supply sample documents to modify, and provide your administrators, teachers, shac members, and parents access to view the workbooks through the website.































easy to implement



each workbook contains 14 lessons that can be taught by a trained teacher. many districts opt to teach one lesson per week for 14 weeks while others offer two lessons per week for seven weeks. some divide the lessons into smaller sections, utilize homework assignments, quizzes, and games to fill a semester-long class. lessons can be delivered by one trained staff person, or we can show you implementation plans in which counselors, nurses, sros, and coaches share the responsibilities based on the topics.you may also contact us to request an in-person presentation, conference call or web demonstration with our staff.



























workbook a5th through high school



click on the sample 7th grade book below to review the 9 lessons in workbook a. if you would like to view the other grade levels, please click here and complete the form.



















workbook b5th through high school



the five lessons in workbook b are sensitive topics and are separated to make implementation more flexible. click on the sample 7th grade book below to review the content.if you would like to view the other grade levels, please click here and complete the form.









    contact us
  





























what educators are saying“i believe the jh grades are the most vulnerable times for students. this is a time when the students are wanting to make grown up decisions without grown up experiences and judgment. risky behavior can be curbed with the appropriate type of education and by giving students the knowledge that not every student does or participates in all the activities they may say they do.” – dr. bobby rice






























our missionour mission is to empower students, with the help of their families, to practice informed and healthy personal decision making. we accomplish this by providing age appropriate, relevant, factual, and interactive educational workbooks/journals for students in 5th grade through high school. our curriculum addresses 12 risky behaviors and 9 character-building skills as well as many other risk avoidance topics.esteem helps students learn life skills to: aid in setting goals, understand health eating habits and exercise routines, help them assess modern-day media influences, increase understanding and awareness of the risks and consequences of sexual activity such as teen pregnancy and disease, strengthen communication skills, and understand risky situations to increase their awareness of hazardous distractions to help them achieve their potential as positive, productive members of society.































presentation documents








            does esteem meet all texas teks standards?
          










this alignment chart details how esteem fully meets all tx teks standards for 5th grade through high school.








            which texas legislation requirements are addressed by the curriculum?
          










review the list of requirements in the tx education code and senate / house bills. contact us if you would like a presentation on the code or specific bills.








            what lesson topics are addressed in esteem?
          










all the lesson topics are organized concisely by grade in this pdf for your reference.








            how should districts best implement the esteem lessons?
          










this document details the recommended steps to help your school successfully implement our program.








            what is the state guidance to school health advisory council members?
          










click here for a document highlighting how our program follows shac guidance for curriculum. 

































