







the oak house tavern | upper fall river









































the oak house tavern
        thank you for your interest in oak house tavern.  due to the covid-19
        pandemic, we have ceased operators as a restuarant, bar, and lodging.
        we are looking to reorganize as a club where members may rent out the
        entire lodge grounds a week at a time.  please contact us at the email
        below if you are interested in membership.









the oak house tavern










home
contact













the tavern  












eat
the tavern is your perfect setting for happy hour, dinner, or sunday brunch.   our dining room overlooks the fall river and with a commercial-style kitchen availble for your party's use.











drink
the dining room includes a bar configuration.  bring your own and stock it up when you arrive.











stay
seven rooms in the lodge are adjacent to the restaurant and can accommodate up to 14 overnight guests. the rooms are cozy with creature comforts including a keurig coffee maker, a small fridge, and updated bedding and linens. each room has a queen bed and a euro lounger, suitable for a couple, a couple with child, or two friends.
















preserving the legacy...
building on the metzger's pioneering vision for a simple, rustic lodge in this equisite setting on the upper fall river, we are embracing a few modern touches, a new variety of tastes to our food and beverage menus, and the highest level of service offered by your hosts melissa and quentin.
we are dedicated to preserving and conserving our special spot on the fall river.







preservation
the upper fall river has very limited access requiring self-powered or electric-powered river travel.  with a farm-to-table philosophy, we are featuring hat creek grown grass-fed beef and partnering with shasta land trust and cal trout to preserve this special place.









a modern touch
the new owners don't want to change much but we think you should be able to book with opentable and have an eco-friendly, modern experience.  still the best fly fishing in california, but there is much more to enjoy.

















 fun 










bags
try your luck at "bags" but don't dare call it "cornhole".  check out the blog for tournament date.









horse shoes
throw horse shoes just out back.  the world-record high score for an 11-point game has been attained on our grounds many times.









lawn games
enjoy the large beuatiful backyard lawn.  we can provide a football to toss, frisbees, croquet, or bocci balls.









burney falls
go see burney falls.  the 8th wonder of the world according to teddy roosevelt.









golf
according to local legend, the fall river golf course is rated 3rd in the world.









ahjumawi
hire a guide for fishing or a tour, or muscle it on your own in kayaks...









hiking
soldier mountain lookout, mt shasta, mt lassen, subway cave, hat creek, ahjumawi... ask us for ideas.









swimming
while fall river isn't swimmer friendly, there are nice spots nearby on fall river lake and lake briton.  ask us about the secret hot springs.









rafting
don't try this alone.  we're here to help!














  peek-a-boo  








all
lodge
water
fishing
hiking









burney falls
hike down into burney falls and do the loop back up and around...







mt shasta
on a clear day, the valley has a stunning view of mt shasta...







ahjumawi
pristine springs abound.  a wonderful spot for kayaking and hiking.  boat-only acess.







downtown fall river
if you get tired of the serenity of the upper fall river, you can always hang out in town...







photo workshop
ask us about the annual fall river photo workshop held by world-reknown photogopher val atkinson.







green drakes
an epic battle with a monster trout that swallowed a green drake in front of oak house...







the oak house
if you need more room, rent the house next door!  between the tavern and the oak house, we can handle large groups.







the water wheel
our whimsical water wheel waters the lawn...







whitewater rafting
travis will take you down pit river safe and sound







pit river
float and fish pit river with our expert guides







fall river
fly fishing the fall at the best time of day







hat creek
the world-famous hat creek is around the corner























matt n
software artisan from sf


this place is amazing!  i can't wait come back.













mike s
teacher living in bali


i come for the fishing, but i stay for the beer.













rick h
retired tech executive


the hatches on the upper fall river are spectacular... i’ve caught many beautiful rainbow trout within a hundred yards of the oakhouse tavern.
















 contact  








 we are currently closed.  please reach out to info@oakhousetavern.com to enquite about the club. 








28076 metzger rd, fall river mills, ca




phone: +530-336-5300



email: info@oakhousetavern.com



























































