












gracie humaita st. louis











































toggle navigation





 gracie humaita st. louis




home
about
schedule
pricing

instructor

contact
location
academies











good people.
		





great jiujitsu!
		








about us



			 brazilian jiujitsu - self defense - fitness
		


		 highly influential in the development of gracie jiu jitsu was helio gracie. all the gracie were slight of frame, but helio was particularly small and frail. because of his small stature, helio could not use many of the japanese moves that were based on power and speed, so he developed new leverages and new ways of doing moves. helio turned out to be a brilliant innovator, and the style he developed proved to be victorious against all others, regardless of size. for the next seventy-five years the gracie family dedicated themselves to the preservation and dissemination of this great fighting style - gracie jiu jitsu. 

our owner and head instructor professor jw wright has been training with helio's son, master royler gracie and master david adiv since 1999. he earned his black belt in 2008 and has been teaching the art of gracie jiujitsu in this area since 2002. his passion for teaching good people great jiujitsu is demonstrated across the nation in his seminars and lessons on self defense, training of law enforcement, and the many pan american and world champions who have trained with him through the years.

at our academy you are welcomed as family and as part of a team mentality that supports and furthers the development of skills in one another. "no one person is greater than the other on the mat. with this ideology, we together as a group are unstoppable." 
	



gracie humaita st. louis is an approved training facility with the we defy foundation, helping to provide brazilian jiujitsu training to veterans. for more information, click the image below.








schedule










classes



			 find out about the classes we offer.
		

jiujitsu learned one on one in a private lesson setting gives you the ability to ask questions and fine tune the moves in a manner that is perfect for your learning style. several of the male and female instructors at our academy offer private lessons to both youth and adults.















































































open mat



							 open mat is an opportunity to ask questions, drill, and free spar.
						
  close


















all belts



							all belts class further mentors students in specific training of positions, submissions and other aspects of jiu-jitsu. we emphasize the basic helio gracie concepts while starting to introduce more complex techniques. after the techniques, the students will spar to build endurance, and apply the techniques to real-life situations. even if you are already a higher belt, the best way to elevate your game is to attend an all belts class. we have world class athletes that train here on a daily basis. there are no prerequisites prior to attending this class.
						
  close


















youth jiujitsu































							brazilian jiu-jitsu is a self-defense system that enables the people who practice it to defend themselves by using leverage to submit opponents. this is done without throwing punches or kicks. using our proven techniques your child will be able to defend themselves from bullies, even though we do not teach them how to strike.  jiu-jitsu is great exercise, and it will improve your child's body mechanics, focus  and agility to provide a strong foundation for our future champions. our kids and teen class has a main focus on helping your child develop better listening and obedience, self-control, respect and discipline.
						
  close


















gracie fundamentals


our fundamentals and adult classes are open to all skill levels and are always taught by jw wright. gracie fundamentals classes are dedicated to teaching the curriculum that master royler gracie has set for the basic understanding of jiu-jitsu concepts. these classes are designed to prepare students for both self-defense, and sport jiu jitsu while at the same time improving cardiovascular endurance, balance, and coordination. the fundamentals class is designed for anyone, male or female, or any body type. the class gives students a sturdy base of knowledge that they will put to practice throughout their jiu-jitsu study. there are no prerequisites prior to attending this class.
						
  close


















teen jiujitsu





















							 brazilian jiu-jitsu is a self-defense system that enables the people who practice it to defend themselves by using leverage to submit opponents. this is done without throwing punches or kicks. using our proven techniques your child will be able to defend themselves from bullies, even though we do not teach them how to strike.  jiu-jitsu is great exercise, and it will improve your child's body mechanics, focus  and agility to provide a strong foundation for our future champions. our kids and teen class has a main focus on helping your child develop better listening and obedience, self-control, respect and discipline.
						
  close


















women's class










this class is available for women of all shapes, sizes, skills and abilities. this class focuses on elements of self-defense, sport jiu-jitsu, and personal development. the women’s class will enable you to feel in control of potentially threatening situations by learning to overpower or escape even when your opponent is much larger in size. we will help you to build self-confidence, technique, strength and conditioning so that you reach all of the goals you have set for yourself.
						
  close











instructor










professor jw wright
- 4th degree black belt -

						 head instructor
						 student of royler gracie and david adiv
					

					    email: [turn on javascript to see the email address]
					    phone: (636) 477-6541













contact



for questions about pricing, click here
			 want to schedule a free introductory class? fill out this form below:
		






name
 




email
 




phone
 



comments
 









submit button





  		submit
  



    please check the required fields.  









location





st. peters, missouri academy
                        1039 wolfrum rd. 
weldon spring, mo. 63304
phone: 636-477-6541
fax: 636-477-6582
email: [turn on javascript to see the email address]








approved academies


				below are approved academies under me and my blackbelts. missouri, nebraska, illinois, texas, arizona.  you will be treated like family at any of these schools! please visit them and tell them jw sent you.
   



gracie humaita st louis-weldon spring - mo
www.graciestlouis.com

jw wright - 4th degree blackbelt
tim condren - blackbelt
stephen wyatt - blackbelt
ann kneib - blackbelt

gracie humaita columbia - mo
www.graciehumaitacolumbia.com

shawn woods - 2nd degree blackbelt
andy bell - blackbelt
mark thompson - blackbelt

gracie humaita springfield - il
www.graciehumaitaspringfieldil.com

mark commean - 2nd degree blackbelt

gracie humaita semo - jackson mo
www.graciesemo.com

brian imholz - 1st degree blackbelt

gracie humaita conroe - conroe texas
www.graciehumaitaconroe.com

andy yount - 2nd degree blackbelt
steve yount - 3rd degree blackbelt

huntsville jiujitsu club - huntsville texas
www.huntsvillejiujitsu.com

andy yount 2nd degree blackbelt

lake area gracie jiujitsu - lake of the ozarks mo
gracie humaita loto

dave vinson - blackbelt

gracie humaita eureka - mo
www.gracieeureka.com

phil lampe - blackbelt
brian imholz - blackbelt 1st degree

gracie humaita joplin mo
www.matclubjoplin.com

david lopez - blackbelt

wolves den mma - o'fallon mo
www.wolvesdentc.com

andrew ebers - blackbelt

gracie ozark mo
www.gracieozark.com

ronnie page - blackbelt

leake bjj - nixa mo
www.leakebjj.com

mike leake - blackbelt

midwest jiujitsu academy - quincy il
www.mwjja.com

scott altgilbers - brownbelt

papillion jiujitsu - papillion nebraska
www.agogeomaha.com

rob luhrs - brownbelt
daren miller - brownbelt

anzelone bjj - brownsville texas 
jiu-jitsu.anzelone.com

vince anzelone - blackbelt
juan cardenas - brownbelt

gracie humaita willis texas 
www.graciehumaitawillis.com

vince anzelone - blackbelt
john contreras - brownbelt

carrillo's martial arts - dexter mo
www.carrillosmartialarts.com

ray carrillo - brownbelt

sikeston bjj -sikeston mo
www.sikestonbjj.com

coty kelison - blackbelt 
ray carrillo - brownbelt

herron bjj - jeff city mo
www.herronbjj.com

clay herron - brownbelt 

geyston's martial arts - springfield il
www.jgpma.com

john geyston - brownbelt 

bridge city combat - lake havasu az
bridge city combat facebook page

barry sullins - brownbelt

hollister bjj - hollister mo
https://www.orymca.org/ozark-mountain-jiujitsu

jeremy adams - purplebelt
skyler horton - brownbelt

ozark mountain brazilian jiu jitsu - marshfield mo
www.ozarkmountainbjj.com

josh keeler - purplebelt










 


 


 


				 copyright 2020, gracie humaita st. louis
			



















