







lackawanna heritage valley - where america's story lives
































(570) 963-6730 x8200





















home


about us


about lhv


our partners


heritage areas


history of the valley


community updates




heritage trail


 trails / greenways 


visitor information


trails app


submit your photos




news


programs & events


programs


get involved


free bikeshare program




grants


grant information


partnership grants




resources


tourism


library & archives
















 







 







 
















the lackawanna heritage valley 







about us (lhv)
the lackawanna heritage valley national and state heritage area is a partnership of government, business, civic organizations, and individuals dedicated to the development of the region's historic, cultural, economic, and natural resources through preservation, education, and promotion of our heritage. 
read more






about the lrht
this storied route stretches more than 70 miles, passing through the heart of the lackawanna heritage valley national and state heritage area. the lackawanna heritage valley is located amid the mountains of northeastern pennsylvania where the waters of the lackawanna river flow.
read more










 quick links 







                trails app
            



                partnership grants
            



                visitor information
            



                lackawanna river heritage trail
            



                news & events
            



                get involved
            



                partner sites
            



                join our mailing list
            



 





explore lhv














latest news


get the latest news about our trails, partners, events, projects and happenings that impact the lackawanna heritage valley national and state heritage area.

read more 












what is a heritage area?


a national heritage area (nha) is a geographic area that is designated by the united states congress as significant in the history of the nation due to its unique...

read more 












our trails & greenways


the lackawanna river heritage trail (lrht) is part of a seventy mile multi-purpose trail system that follows the lackawanna river. the lrht begins at the confluence of the lackawanna... 

read more 












plan your visit


now is the time to plan your trip to the lackawanna heritage valley – a wonderful place to visit and an easy day drive from every major city in the northeast.

read more 








lackawanna heritage valley's mission
the mission of the lackawanna heritage valley is to facilitate community action in the preservation, promotion and development of the region's history, cultural heritage, and natural resources.






community programs & projects







1
2
3
4



 community programs and projects 


											lackawanna valley's thriving industries were a magnet for immigration from 1880 to 1920. dozens of ethnic groups made this valley their home and their rich traditions still continue. connecting the community to its cultural heritage is a vital part of the mission of the lackawanna heritage valley authority (lhva).  it sponsors a variety of community outreach initiatives.
											


heritage valley roundtable


												a unique collaborative venture led by lhv, the heritage valley roundtable is a monthly breakfast meeting of regional heritage site managers and other partners to share ideas and best practices. it includes the albright memorial library, electric city trolley museum, the everhart museum of natural history, science, & art, lackawanna coal mine, lackawanna county convention and visitors bureau, lackawanna historical society, pa anthracite heritage museum, scranton cultural center, steamtown national historic site, scranton tomorrow, lackawanna college, the university of scranton, wvia public media, and other key community organizations.
											


 nepa trails forum 


											the northeastern pennsylvania (nepa) trails forum is a loose alliance of organizations, government entities, and individuals who are involved with trail development in the region. these include recreational, mountain biking, snowmobile, park, municipal, and water trails, on both public and private lands.
											

											the trails forum focuses on addressing issues in the trail building community. representatives from trail user groups, municipalities and government agencies, civic organizations, professional firms, trail managers, and interested individuals attended the events to meet fellow trail groups, learn more about projects in the region, and share ideas and best practices. the trails forum meets on a quarterly basis.
										


ambassadors in action


											ambassadors in action is a wonderful way to use your talents, to develop skills, to meet new people, and to give back to the community.the lackawanna heritage valley national and state heritage area (lhv) invite you to join “ambassadors in action,” the heritage valley's hands-on volunteer corps! volunteers are needed to help with trail clean-ups, heritage events, office support, and more! there are opportunities for everyone. all tasks offer flexibility in scheduling and consideration of any physical limitations.
										








 guidebooks 







 click here to sign up for our email list to help you get around 






									a history set in stone: 
									
									a guide to downtown scranton architecture
								



								download guide
							


								published by lhva and lackawanna historical society. 
							












contact us


                                lackawanna heritage valley 
                                
                                national & state heritage area
                            

213 railroad avenue

scranton
pennsylvania, 18505

(570) 963-6730 x8200

arogato@lhva.org


login







quick links



                                explore & learn
                            



                                partner sites
                            



                                visitor information
                            



                                heritage trail
                            






get involved



                                get involved
                            



                                news & events
                            



                                join our mailing list 
                            











































copyright ©2018-2025. all rights reserved.  
                





                    lackawanna heritage valley 
                    - national & state heritage area
                






