












































center for design research















          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford
engineering

 
center for design research





search this site

submit search



menu
homeresearcharmbdmlcharmdelfeig lablarson labshapeother peopleaffiliate programsfees and benefitsmember companiesother opportunitiesresources information for visiting scholarsinformation for cdr visitorsvisiting student application processvisiting scholar application processvisiting faculty application processphd dissertationsprinting at sucovid-19 related resourcesnewsevents



     center for design research
    



















 



























main content start



 



center for design research (cdr)
is a community of scholars focused on understanding and augmenting engineering design innovation and design education.
founded in 1984, cdr is a nexus for phd students and researchers collaborating in the realm of design thinking, robotics, rehabilitative technologies, engineering design education, stem education, neurodesign and business innovation.





 








 







arm
the broad research objective of the assistive robotics and manipulation lab, directed by professor monroe kennedy, is to develop robots that improve everyday life by anticipating and acting on the needs of human counterparts.  our primary focus is collaborative robotic assistants (often mobile manipulators and humanoids) with the goal of deployment for service tasks that may be highly dynamic and require dexterity, situational awareness, and human-robot collaboration.


            visit arm lab
          











bdml
the biomimetics and dexterous manipulation lab (bdml), led by professor mark cutkosky, conducts research activities that include modeling and control of dextrous manipulation with robotic and teleoperated hands; force and tactile feedback in telemanipulation and virtual environments; and design and control of compliant "biomimetic" robots with embedded sensors and actuators. towards our goal of more human centered computing, we believe that interaction must be grounded in the physical world and leverage our innate abilities for spatial cognition and dexterous manipulation with our hands.


            visit bdml lab
          








 







charm
researchers in the collaborative haptics and robotics in medicine lab (charm lab), led by professor allison okamura, design and study haptic systems using both analytical and experimental approaches. this research has applications in robot-assisted surgery, simulation and training, rehabilitation, exploration of hazardous or remote environments, enabling technologies, manufacturing, design, mobile computing, and education. 


            visit charm lab
          











del
the designing education lab (del), led by professor emerita sheri sheppard, investigates a broad range of engineering education topics, from the persistence of students and alumni in engineering fields to the impact of exposure to entrepreneurship on engineering students' career interests.


            visit del lab
          











shape
the stanford shape lab, directed by professor sean follmer, develops advanced technologies in robotics, mechatronics, and sensing to create interactive, dynamic physical 3d displays and haptic interfaces that allow 3d information to be touched as well as seen. we are specifically interested in using these novel interfaces to support richer remote collaboration, computer-aided design, education, and interfaces for people with visual impairments.


            visit shape lab
          








 







feig lab
the feig lab, led by professor vivian feig, aims to develop low-cost, noninvasive, and widely-accessible technologies that integrate seamlessly with the human body. we accomplish this by developing functional materials and devices with dynamic mechanical properties, leveraging chemistry and physics insights to engineer novel systems at multiple length scales. 


            visit feig lab
          











larson lab
the larson lab, led by professor natalie larson, develops hybrid manufacturing methods (e.g., multimaterial 3d printing with subvoxel control) and applies in-situ characterization techniques (e.g., 4d x-ray computed tomography) to investigate new classes of hierarchical architected materials.


            visit larson lab
          








 








 




learn about our research











 




find out how to become an affiliate











 




meet our team







 








 





sheri sheppard
professor, emeritus

“




            how do we educate a new kind of engineer?
      ... ”

how do we educate a new kind of engineer?








 






 













 













 



















    back to top
  










stanford

 
engineering




        web login
      



address

center for design research
424 panama mall
stanford, ca 94305
united states



visit


campus map


contact us






stanford facebook





stanford instagram





twitter





linkedin





youtube





pinterest



find us on the web



get involved


study with us


learn about our research 


become cdr affiliate


other opportunities




resources


covid-19 updates


stanford news


stanford events


intranet


resources for international visitors with stanford appointments













stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






