



gas, wood burning and electric fireplaces, wood stoves, fire pits, and inserts




















home
sitemap 
   contact



























  home
 
  fireplace accessory
    fireplace accessories
    fireplace accessories store
    gas fireplace accessories
    fireplace tools and accessories
    wood fireplace accessories
    electric fireplace accessories
    fireplace parts
    fireplace replacement parts
    fireplace paint
    fireplace pictures

    fireplace 
  tips 
        keep 
  your fireplace clean and safe - easy tips
        how to add value to your home by adding a fireplace
      how 
  to put a fireplace in any room
      how 
  to brighten your home - ten tips 
      how 
  to decorate your fireplace mantel 
      prevent 
  house fires with these safety tips 
      avoid 
  potential fireplace dangers
        fireplace 
  styles - the latest and greatest
      improve 
  old fireplace tips
      antique 
  fireplace tools
        rustic stone fireplaces

  electric fireplaces
    free standing electric fireplace
    electric fireplace log
    corner electric fireplace
    electraflame electric fireplace
    charmglow electric fireplace
    electric fireplace stove
    dimplex electric fireplace
    electric fireplace heater
    discount electric fireplace
    electric fireplace reviews

  ventless fireplaces
    direct-vent fireplace
    vent free gas fireplace
    ventless fireplace
    ventless gas fireplace
    freestanding ventless fireplace
    ventless propane fireplace
    ventless gel fireplace
      
  fireplace screens and doors
    fireplace door
    fireplace glass door
    fireplace glass screen
    fireplace door replacement glass

  fireplace chimneys and repair 
    fireplace chimney contractor
    pre fabricated fireplace unit repair

  fireplace inserts
    fireplace insert
    wood burning fireplace insert
    wood fireplace insert
    pellet fireplace insert
    gas fireplace insert
    gas fireplace log insert
    electric fireplace insert


  remodel your fireplace
    fireplace makeover
    fireplace remodel
    fireplace remodeling

  stone fireplaces
    cultured stone fireplaces
    faux stone fireplace

  gas fireplaces
    fireplace gas log
    gas fireplace log
    gas fireplace accessory
    corner gas fireplace

  free standing fireplaces
    free standing fireplace
    free standing gas fireplace

  fireplace mantels
    wood fireplace mantel
    stone fireplace mantel
    fireplace mantel kit
    portable fireplace
    fireplace mantel surround
    fireplace mantel shelf
    fireplace mantel design

   fake fireplaces
    faux fireplace
    fake fireplace

    majestic fireplaces
    majestic fireplace
    majestic gas fireplace
    majestic fireplace door
    majestic fireplace part

  contemporary fireplace and fireplace ideas
    fireplace idea
    contemporary fireplace
    fireplace in washington, d.c.

  gel fuel fireplaces
    fireplace gel fuel
    gel fuel fireplace
  

  outdoor fireplaces and wood stoves
    outdoor wood stove
    outdoor wood burning stove
      outdoor 
  firepits at discounted prices

  napoleon fireplaces
    napoleon fireplaces

      
  fireplace blowers
    fireplace blower
    fireplace insert blower
    fireplace grate blower
    fireplace blower kit
      fireplace 
  grate

    corner fireplaces
    corner fireplace
    corner fireplace mantel

    wood stoves
    wood stove accessory
    ashley wood stove
    wood stove fan

    fire pits
    backyard fire pit
    fire pit table
    chicago fireplace











  welcome to fireplace accessories 
                  and fuel where we give you, our user, access to deals and information 
                  that will help you in your purchasing decisions. we are thrilled 
                  you came and want to invite you to peruse our new fireplace 
                  screens and doors section below. you can get a good idea 
                  about just what kinds of screens are available for your fireplace 
                  and how much they cost by reading the articles and clicking 
                  on the ads, etc. if you have any comments or questions, please 
                  click the link above that says contact us and we will do our 
                  best to address them. 

                  thanks for coming, 
                  the fireplace accessories and fuel team


fireplace 
                  accessory 
a 
                  fireplace is more than just another home accessory. it represents 
                  love, friendship, and hope. the flames can be mesmerizing; the 
                  sound of the crackling fire can be quite soothing. the fireplace 
                  in itself can become an important part of any home.
electric 
                  fireplaces  
initially, you might have some qualms 
                  about purchasing a freestanding electric fireplace. you might 
                  worry, for instance, that a portable wood electric fireplace 
                  is a bit too artificial-looking. you might also wonder whether 
                  it will really fit in with the décor of the rest of your 
                  home. 









ventless 
                  fireplaces 
a 
                  ventless fireplace provides you with all of the advantages of 
                  a traditional fireplace, without having to spend money on a 
                  contractor. since it’s a free-standing unit that is not 
                  tied to a chimney, you can actually move it from room to room. 
                  this portability makes a ventless fireplace a highly attractive 
                  household investment.  
fireplace screens and doors 

if your fireplace came with your house, 
                  you might have given little thought to the doors that accompanied 
                  it. however, once you’ve lived with your fireplace for 
                  quite some time, you might want an updated look—and fireplace 
                  doors can certainly help to create a dramatic, eye-catching 
                  effect.





fireplace chimneys and repair 
as 
                  a homebuyer, at some point you might need the services of a 
                  fireplace chimney contractor. this is because you might need 
                  a qualified person to conduct a chimney clean fireplace inspection. 
                  for instance, you’ll want an individual who can look over 
                  the fireplace chimney exhaust fan and the fireplace chimney 
                  cap. 
fireplace inserts 

whether you’re considering a propane 
                  gas fireplace insert or a natural gas one, whether you’re 
                  in the market for a lennox gas fireplace insert or some other 
                  brand, you should be aware of the fact that gas fireplaces are 
                  definitely gaining in popularity. 








remodel your fireplace 
you’ve 
                  decided it’s finally time to remodel your brick fireplace. 
                  you want a look that’s new, yet classic; fun, yet traditional. 
                  or perhaps you’ve come to a determination that a stone 
                  fireplace remodel job is long overdue. you’ve seen a fireplace 
                  picture remodel shot that seems to be just what you’re 
                  looking for. 
stone fireplaces 

if you’re in the market for cultured 
                  stone, you might consider giving owens corning a try. the company 
                  is considered an industry leader in the manufacture of stone 
                  veneer. owen corning’s cultured stone brand is often preferred 
                  by both architects and builders, who view it as offering the 
                  best quality on the market today. 





gas fireplaces 
gas 
                  fireplaces have been called the ideal choice for those who want 
                  to enjoy an indoor blaze without having to worry about chopping 
                  wood and cleaning up ashes. because of the widespread popularity 
                  of gas models, you’ll find there’s a growing selection 
                  of gas fireplaces available today. 
free standing fireplaces 

a free standing gas stove fireplace is 
                  a wonderful way to add a touch of nostalgia to your home. in 
                  addition, a free standing ventless gas fireplace is a fuel-efficient 
                  way to heat your house. it can also be a clean alternative to 
                  a free standing wood fireplace.










fireplace mantels 

once you decide to add a mantel piece 
                  to your fireplace, it’s important to make it your own. 
                  that means choosing a model that reflects your individual style. 
                  you’ll want a mantel piece that captures your spirit—and 
                  the spirit of the room. you’ll also want one that is likely 
                  to complement the rest of your room décor.
fake fireplaces 

there was a time when a faux finish fireplace 
                  was considered gaudy. it was meant for those who were too lazy 
                  or too ill-refined to construct a regular wood-burning fireplace. 
                  but those days are no longer. whether you have a faux rock fireplace, 
                  a faux electric fireplace, or a faux fireplace mantel, you would 
                  now be considered right in style. 





majestic fireplaces 

fortunately, it’s easy to find a 
                  majestic fireplace dealer on the internet. one in particular 
                  that has received rave reviews is vermont casting. a majestic 
                  fireplace from vermont casting can be installed where there 
                  is no existing fireplace, in a new home or as part of a remodeling 
                  project. 
contemporary fireplace and fireplace ideas 

you may have a number of fireplace ideas 
                  percolating through your brain right now. you may be thinking 
                  of adding a contemporary electric fireplace to your home, or 
                  perhaps a contemporary gas fireplace for a more authentic feel.





gel fuel fireplaces 

you may or may not be aware of an interesting 
                  trend in the fireplace industry. a number of individuals are 
                  getting rid of their old-fashioned wood-burning fireplaces and 
                  replacing them with devices fueled by fireplace gel. in fact, 
                  fuel fireplaces are even preferred to those that operate on 
                  electricity or gas. 
outdoor fireplaces and wood stoves 

if you’re ambitious, you might consider 
                  a plan to build your own outdoor wood stove. a homemade outdoor 
                  wood stove can provide you with a great deal of heat—and 
                  a conversation piece as well. obviously, your outdoor wood stove 
                  plan must be carefully crafted. 





napoleon 
                  fireplace 

a 
                    napoleon gas fireplace insert can produce a great deal of 
                    firepower. you can easily heat a room with a napoleon, thanks 
                    to its 17,000 btus. it is also a highly reliable piece of 
                    equipment, since it requires no electricity to light or operate. 
                    

fireplace 
                  blowers 

it 
                    is important for you to determine if the fireplace blower 
                    is in working condition. this is especially true if you are 
                    buying an older home with a fireplace that is already installed.








corner 
                        fireplaces


a taylor fireplace is considered to be 
                  particularly stunning. it features birch framing with resin 
                  decorative trim. the particle board has birch veneer and a solid 
                  birch band/resin edge. this amazing piece is also characterized 
                  by an ivory finish with gold-tipped accents. 

wood 
                    stoves


you’re 
                      likely to discover a number of intriguing wood stove accessories 
                      at hart’s hearth. the company specializes in fireplace, 
                      wood stove, and chimney supplies that are well-made and 
                      pleasing to the eye. some of the more popular accessories 
                      include chimney caps, brushes, and chimney line.







fire pits


whether you’re considering a propane 
                  gas fireplace insert or a natural gas one, whether you’re 
                  in the market for a lennox gas fireplace insert or some other 
                  brand, you should be aware of the fact that gas fireplaces are 
                  definitely gaining in popularity. 
  













© 2006-2007, 
        fireplaces, accessories and fuel , all rights reserved
       



privacy policy 






