






ray's yellowstone
















 


















ray's yellowstone













home | the obsidian grizzly family | more grizzlies | the wolves | more wolves | black bears | buffalo | eagles | elk | coyotes | big horn sheep | moose | other animals | video page | favorite links | contact me






























this site is a member of webring. 
                                    to browse visit 
                                    here.



note: if you have trouble reading the yellowstone national park web ring (above) navigation bar, please go to the "favorite
                                    links" page.
                                    





welcome to ray's yellowstone!









here you'll see yellowstone wildlife the same way that i've been lucky enough to see it.  living within 110 miles of the west
                                    entrance to the park, i visit every chance i get, especially in the spring and fall.

most of the pictures on this site are actually frame captures
                                    of videos i've taken in yellowstone national park with my canon gl-1 digital camcorder . i recently started taking picutres
                                    with my new canon 10d and plan to begin posting picutres from that camera also. on the video page, you'll find short streaming
                                    videos (some downloadable) of yellowstone wildlife that i've filmed. please email me on the contact me page with any comments
                                    you may have about my site, enjoy and thanks for visiting!


what's
                                    new? 


on the photo pages:
 
more pictures have been added to the following pages:
 
(added july 20, 2003)
-many pictures added of many different animals and birds.
 
(added february 1, 2003)
-the elk page (new page)
-the big horn sheep page (new page)
-the coyotes page (new page)
-more wolf photos
-more buffalo photos
-more eagle photos
 
on the (streaming) video page:
 
note: it is now possible to download certain videos on the "video" page!
 
(added july 20, 2003)
-video of action at the bald eagle's nest between the west entrance
                                    and madison junction.  it includes footage of an adult landing with a fish and the
                                    other adult feeding the fish to the chick.
 
(added may 11, 2003)
-wolves attacking and killing a cow elk.
 
(added january 4, 2003):
-a screaching bald eagle on the madison river.
 
 
                                    

please note that my number one priority when filming wildlife is "do not disturb" their
                                    natural habitat! i encourage all who view, photograph, or film/video wildlife to follow the same rule. i use optical telephoto
                                    lenses up to 40x zoom with up to 200x digital zoom. all pictures on this site were taken within 50 feet of a major road in
                                    the park. as you can see on the following pages, you can view great wildlife in yellowstone without going far off the roads
                                    or trails and disturbing nature. a good rule-of-thumb to follow is: if you cause wildlife behavior to change, you're too close.

























































please visit often as i plan to update this site regularly with new photos and streaming videos.












number of visitors since august 14, 2001:



                                    visitors:
                                    






















































copyright notice
images and videos on this site are copyrighted (©2000-2003 ray thomas)
                                    and may not be downloaded or used without the written permission of ray thomas. please email me (see the contact me page)
                                    if you would like to use any of this material. note: i encourage non-profit use of my materials 
for free as long as
                                    proper credit is given.



























