






acpcny – the association of contracting plumbers of the city of new york, inc.





























acpcny home

about us

membership information and application
mission statement
association directory


membership login

association and executive board meeting schedule
project labor agreements (pla)
a division info
mes division info
ua agreements
targets

target/site specific approvals
target/site specific archives


general information
arbitration
jurisdictional decisions
laborgram archives

laborgram archive index




eugene & raymond cardoza memorial scholarship program
anti-harassment
industry links
contact




building and maintaining nycfor over 140 years.

ensuring quality craftsmanship.

building safe and reliable systems.

employing and training elite union plumbers.

embracing green technologies.





membership informationthe association of contracting plumbers of the city of new york, inc., is a trade association dedicated  to the improvement of public health through the proper and adequate installation of sanitary systems. the association fosters the enactment and enforcement of sanitary laws and regulations for the  protection of public health. the organization encourages the highest standard of ethical practices in  the industry and directs its efforts to furthering good relations with the public at large, with trade unions and with all segments of the vast building construction industry. read moremeet our membershipthe membership roster of this association is a “who’s who” of the plumbing industry. most of the leading contractors in the five boroughs of new york are members. our members do the vast majority of new construction work in the city as well as substantial amount of industrial work and repair work. member firms provide employment for several thousand people, including employment of the majority of union journeymen and apprentices of the plumbers union local of new york. firm membership has been carried from one generation to the next.read more2024-2025 scholarship applicationthe plumbing industry promotion fund of new york city is dedicated to heighten public awareness to the direct relationship between good health & good plumbing. through its public information programs it educates & acquaints engineers, architects, public officials, contractors, builders, owners of residences, multiple dwellings & commercial premises, & the public at large with the standards & objectives of the industry. through other activities, such as the eugene & raymond cardoza memorial scholarship program, it creates new opportunities for enriching the lives of our industry’s families.read more










association of contracting plumbers of the city of new york, inc.


						copyright © 2025					
follow us on instagram

about us
eugene & raymond cardoza memorial scholarship program
contact
industry links
 acpcny homephcc










