




find resources to improve your company' s customer experience management.



























x
we use cookies in order to provide you with the best possible user experience on our websites. by continuing to use our sites and services, you are giving consent to cookies being used. you can find more information in our data privacy statement.








call us:941-702-8389
email:info@crmxchange.com



home


free crmxchange membership


who we are







home
free crmxchange membership
who we are

more

call us:941-702-8389
email:info@crmxchange.com

follow us:










open












follow us:













menuhomewebcastswhitepaperscolumnsexecutive interviewsindustry eventscase studiesnewsvendor directory


















your gateway to enhancing the customer experience

















from efficiency to cx excellence

















coming march 25 & 26, 2025 - connected customers | connected agents virtual conference! registration opens soon!
















attend live webcasts - download white papers - read interviews and product reviews - find solutions









featured webcasts



from efficiency to cx excellence

2/25/2025 — sign up now!

servion




roundtable - preparing for the future of wfm

2/27/2025 — sign up now!

crmxchange




customer connections that count - transforming service interactions

3/11/2025 — sign up now!

nice






white papers








									budget planning guide 2025 - customer experience
								

read more









									nice is a 10x gartner® magic quadrant™ ccaas leader
								

read more









									isg research - contact center advanced buyers guide
								

read more






free crmxchange community membership

crm professionals have access to contact center white papers, call center webinars, crm virtual conferences and peer-peer networking.





join now








on the lookoutwebcaststechnology showcasewhy the future of cx is unified customer experience managementunleashing the power of cx automation for enhanced customer and agent experiencesproduct reviewsread all product reviewscolumnscontact center key technology trends for 2025 - ai leads the chargethe role of data wrangling in enhancing customer experiencecustomer experience 2025: three trends shaping the future of cxupskilling customer service teams for ai-driven supportbuilding a true multilingual contact center with genai



subscribe to our newsletter








			-->
		



latest news

taking major business momentum in 2025, datadobi reimagines how enterprises can transform unstructured data into a valuable asset
talkdesk achieves fedramp agency authority to operate for cx cloud platform for united states government entities
customer experience transforms into a revenue powerhouse, nextiva survey reveals
onvisource launches ai academy to serve the contact center industry by conducting research, incubating innovative ai technologies, and developing advanced ai solutions
cx leaders face a tipping point with ai capabilities in 2025
propel software launches ‘product spotlight’ - delivering enriched product data across salesforce manufacturing, sales, and service clouds
consilium software achieves soc 2 type 2 compliance - upholding commitment to data protection
progress sharefile selected as the latest addition to the american institute of cpas (aicpa) member discount program, offering benefits for aicpa members
plus one robotics survey: 75% of americans say delivery delays dampen holiday spirit
egain named a visionary in the 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for the crm customer engagement center


read more news/press releases




about crmxchange






  
crmxchange the premiere destination for information to improve customer care and improve the customer experience (cx), including: crm and cx software, customer support best practices, customer interaction strategies, and other valuable cx resources. crmxchange also keeps industry experts updated on the latest in ccaas and digital contact centers. cx and contact center professionals can learn more about improving the customer experience and improving customer support.
crmxchange has developed unique industry insights into the technology, business intelligence, and professional programs required for successful contact center operations. you'll find valuable customer experience resources that will help improve customer care management.  
please take a moment to sign our guest book.  tell us a little about your company and you’ll receive updates about our exclusive cx webcasts as well as white papers which will enhance the overall quality of your services.









executive interviews









intouchcx
chris wallace, senior vice president of global growth



sheri greenhaus, crmxchange, speaks with chris wallace, of intouchcx, to discuss the company's innovative strategies and technology solutions, from revolutionizing customer service to prioritizing employee well-being.
read more








qstory
wayne thornhill, ceo, and simon beck, cro



in this insightful conversation, sheri greenhaus, crmxchange, engages with wayne thornhill, ceo, and simon beck, cro of qstory. they discuss the innovative capabilities of qstory, a tool designed to empower customer service agents and optimize scheduling using real-time data.
read more








parloa
malte kosub, ceo and co-founder



sheri greenhaus, managing partner at crmxchange, speaks with malte kosub, ceo and co-founder of parloa, about revolutionizing customer service with generative ai.
read more












contact us


941-702-8389

info@crmxchange.com






contact uscontact center eventscx vendor directorycx virtual conferences by crmxchangecustomer experience white papersexecutive interviewsfeatured columns
customer experience webinars - learn more about the latest cx trendswho we arenews and press releasescustomer experience (cx) managementcx trends - customer experience trends and the contact centerprivacy statementsite map


acd systemscontact center messagingcustomer experience feedback and analysiscomputer telephony integration (cti)help deskinteractive voice softwaredata analyticsemployee assessmentcloud contact center solutionscall center agent monitoring softwaremultichannel and omnichannel call center
performance managementpredictive dialer softwareremote call center agentssocial media - social crmspeech recognition softwaretesting – data and performance analyticsunified desktopunified solutionsself-service softwarecontact center workforce managementworkforce optimization





address:
5343 paylor lane, suite 100, lakewood ranch, fl  34240
phone:
941-702-8389
email:
info@crmxchange.com


click here for information on crmxchange advertising



© 1998 – 2023 cyber m@rketing services. all rights reserved.















