











home - commstar credit union














































































skip to content






search

facebook
twitter
instagram



























love where you bank









menu


home
become a member
lending

auto and motorcycle
mortgages and construction loans
student loans
other loan types
rates
vehicle finder


products & services

savings accounts

kasasa saver


checking accounts

kasasa cash checking- earn up to 4.00% apy*
kasasa cash back checking- 4% cash back on debit purchases*


credit and debit cards
e-services
rates
financial wellness


business products & services

business loans
business checking and savings accounts
partnerships & mentoring


about

promotions
hours, locations, & atms
shared branching
news
career and volunteer opportunities
contact us


members

annual meeting
member perks
member faq
member referral program


online banking login
online loan payment portal
 












 
make it rain art for websitehome improvement loan saleinstant deposit fo rmailchimplearn moreslide 1reward yourself0%0% apr for 6 monthson purchases and balance transfersapply now!learn moretwitter-cover-option3-ask-for-kasasakasasa® is here!free checking accounts that literally pay you to bank with us. kasasa cash® and cash back® are here. click to learn more!
slide 1the new commstar mobile app is here!new design, new features!single sign-on • touch id • facial recognition
voice recognition • custom pin
improved snapcash rdc
manage my cards feature • quick transfer 
iosandroidslide 1earn up to $500 when you refer a friend!earn $25 when you refer a friend to us. the more you refer, the more you earn, up to $500! plus, your friends will receive $25 when they open an eligible account. 
learn more 














we have a loan for that
is it time for a new car? buying or building your dream home? planning a well-deserved vacation? or time to update the house? we have a loan for that! credit unions offer competitive, low rates on all kinds of loans– mortgages, auto loans, vacation loans, and more. at commstar, we have a great rate on the right loan for you.
 
 


the right account for everyone
commstar credit union offers accounts for both individuals and businesses, including checking and savings accounts, business accounts, exclusive youth accounts, retirement accounts, hsas and more. and, commstar is the only credit union in lorain county to offer business lending!
 
 


we're everywhere you are
the commstar credit union mobile app is loaded with features, from snapcash remote deposit capture, to quick transfers and card management. with the added security and convenience of touch id, facial recognition, voice recognition and pin sign-ins, accessing your accounts on your mobile device has never been safer or easier.
 
 




 

experience a better way to bank.
you deserve to experience the credit union difference.
lorain county has trusted commstar credit union to provide its residents with dependable products and services with a uniquely personal touch since 1938. offering a locally-based option versus the “one-size-fits-most” mentality of banks, not-for-profit commstar credit union boasts services tailored to its members’ needs. commstar does not pay shareholders or a board of directors, allowing it to offer the same types of services as banks but at generally lower costs. this also translates to lower interest rates on loans and for higher dividends paid to members. membership is open to anyone who lives, works, worships, or attends school in lorain county, cuyahoga county, erie county, or huron county. with convenient branch locations in elyria and lorain, we want you to love where you bank!
join now!
 




 

 





open to the public
membership at commstar credit union is open to anyone who lives, works, worships, or attends school in lorain county, cuyahoga county, erie county, or huron county.









not-for-profit
as a not-for-profit, member-owned institution, commstar offers the same services as banks but at generally lower costs.









love where you bank
with three locations in lorain county, plus access to more than 5,000 shared branches nationwide, you’ll love where you bank.









become a member
join today! open your account online with instant approval, or visit any commstar branch to open your account in person.






 









home 

















like what you see?
membership is open to anyone who lives, works, worships, or attends school in lorain county, cuyahoga county, erie county, or huron county. click below to open your account online and become a member today!
join now!
 
 









   
community star credit union, insured by asi, equal housing opportunity. by member's choice, accounts insured up to $500,000. american share insurance insures each account up to $250,000. excess share insurance corporation provides up to an additional $250,000 of insurance per account. this institution is not federally insured. members' accounts are not insured or guaranteed by any government or government-sponsored agency. 
nmls: 408441
 



it’s me 247 login
contact us
hours, locations, & atms
rates
disclosures
terms of use
accessibility
 
        
		copyright © 
        2025 community star credit union, inc. all rights reserved.			
		





















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. okprivacy policy




