




 


florida school counselor association - home



 





log in









home




about



mission & vision




governance




board of directors




executive director




committees




emerging leaders




chapters




past presidents & chairs







advocacy



history




who are fl school counselors?




find your legislators




how a bill becomes a law







member center



member login




manage my account




how to join




why be a member?




my regions







professional learning



fsca annual convention




continuous learning programs




fl doe recertification & ceus




asca national conferences




code of conduct







recognition



2024-25 award recipients




lifetime achievement award




school counselor of the year




national scoy finalists




asca school counselor of the year - carmen larson




awards




ramp schools




scholarships







career center



fl school counseling standards




fl doe certification




future school counselors




college & career resources




job openings




scholarships












































 
upcoming events



board of directors meeting

sunday, february 16, 2025 7:00 pm
•




emerging leaders meeting

sunday, february 23, 2025 6:00 pm
•




2025 fsca annual convention

thursday, november 13, 2025 6:00 pm
•
orlando, fl




 

 


asca statement on white house executive order “ending radical indoctrination in k–12 schooling”
the white house executive order “ending radical indoctrination in k-12 schooling” mischaracterizes the role of the school counselor and undermines the essential support school counselors provide to their students every day. in actuality, school counselors implement comprehensive school counseling programs that equip students with the knowledge, attitudes and skills needed for college, career and life-readiness.
school counselors do not indoctrinate students, do not diagnose students and do not provide treatment. school counselors provide short-term counseling, group counseling, classroom instruction and other services that help students achieve academic success and learn the critical skills essential for life and work.
it is important to recognize that school counselors affirm parents’/guardians’ legal and inherent rights to be the guiding voice in their children’s lives. school counselors have an ethical responsibility to adhere to existing federal, state and local laws, as well as district/school policy. asca and school counselors collaborate with education partners to change policy or law that creates obstacles for student well-being and academic success.school counselors help create a safe and supportive learning environment for each and every student regardless of students’ background


 

 
advertise with fsca
 
multiview partnershipto advertise on our website and weekly member bulletin, contact multiview.contact multiview

sponsorshipsopportunities are available for sponsorships during our annual convention and throughout the year for our continuous learning programs. for additional information, contact fsca@fla-schoolcounselor.org.

request to share resourcesif you have job openings, resources, or have a research opportunity, you can request fsca post these items on our website using the links below.request to post job openingsrequest to post resourcesrequest for research participation
  






















florida school counselor association 
home for florida school counselors
the florida school counselor association (fsca), founded in 1964, is the voice of florida school counselors. a chartered state division of the american school counselor association (asca), fsca offers comprehensive member services including, high-quality professional learning and valuable resources to support members in helping every student succeed in florida. fsca also engages in partnerships and advocacy to strengthen school counseling in the state.
contact us
  (904) 586-1757
     1010 gardenia drive, tallahassee, fl 32312
   fsca@fla-schoolcounselor.org


follow us!  












 
© 2025 florida school counselor association
 




powered by wild apricot membership software
















