




employment placement in dallas, tx | dallas employment services, inc. | premier search and recruiting













employment placement in dallas, tx
















































  






              214.954.0700
				









home
about

our team
testimonials


services

temporary services
direct hire


employers

submit job order


job seekers

job search


resources

faqs
time sheet
resume preparation
forms
hire experts


contact
time sheet
 









about ushire talentsearch jobs


about us
hire talent
search jobs








staffing agency in dallas, tx
dallas employment services is a premier search and recruiting service provider that meets the needs of employer clients for temporary and direct-hire placement through accurate needs assessment, targeted recruiting, and professional evaluation and matching.
des provides the job seeker with career direction and job search counseling in both temporary and direct-hire employment through personal evaluation, skills and psychological testing, resume preparation, and software training.




meet our team members
learn more about each of our dedicated team members and the experience and passion they possess!















open positions 
executive assistant
          calendar managing, travel booking, administrative support view positions >
hr business partner
         tenured healthcare hr professional view positions >
legal billing specialist
          aderant software experience and 3 years in legal billing requiredview positions>




testimonials my sincere thanks for your help in finding me a job ... more >— denise j.
they believed in my potential and never gave up ... more >— georgia l.
they took me under their wing, found me the perfect job match ... more >— megan f.



hire experts
4 ways to be productive while job huntingjob hunting can be a long and stressful process, but questions candidates should ask at an interviewone of the most common mistakes candidates make during the how to prepare for an interviewremember how you felt before your first day of school? 











contact us
214.954.0700

             3626 n hall st, suite 610

            dallas, tx 75219


proud members of:



sign up for our newsletter!




email: 
























