








aquatherm new zealand - distributor of quality piping systems
















































company
products
bpir
technical resources
technical support
design
benefits
where to buy
news
contact

















products
learn more about aquatherm products


i need a pipe for:



- select what you need -




for potable water supply




for potable water, heating and underflow heating connections




for inground and above ground heating and cooling




for chilled, hot fluid and various industrial applications




for reclaimed water




for fire sprinkler systems




for ceiling and wall




for residential, office and sports floor heating





►





technical resources




find a retailer








welcome to aquatherm

we have moved
please note our new address is:
1/17 airpark drive, mangere, auckland  
aquatherm nz
kiwi owned and operated, aquatherm new zealand ltd is the local distributor of quality german-manufactured piping systems. all our pipes are made from fusiolen® pp-r, one of the longest-lasting and most chemically inert piping materials in the world.
we have the best solution for every piping job, whether domestic, commercial or industrial.



 





design






best solution






technical support






benefits






chemical purity
sustainability
insulation value
longevity
reliability
installation








chemical purity
pp-r is durable and chemically inert, which help our systems perform better and last longer than other materials. polypropylene was originally used for high-purity water and acid-waste systems because of its chemical purity and inertness. in other words, its used for highly reactive applications because it won’t react with most chemicals. aquatherm has taken that read more…



sustainability
with the successful iso 14001 certification for environmental management in 2012, and the additional iso 50001 for energy management in early 2013, aquatherm is committed above and beyond the legal requirements to maintain and protect the delicate balance of our environment. we are the only piping systems supplier in new zealand which carries a product-specified type iii read more…



insulation value
pp-r’s natural insulation properties for sound and heat provide efficiency and comfort benefits. this gives aquatherm systems a performance advantage which isn’t possible with other pipes. for sound, pp-r absorbs vibrations where metallic ones amplify them. our systems don’t require vibration isolators, provided there is some limited mobility of the pipe on either side of the pump. read more…



longevity
with the right implementation expertise, our systems perform even decades after installation. aquatherm is built from sustainable materials which outlast most other building systems. our pipes won’t wear out, corrode or scale up. our recyclable systems last for the life of the building they’re installed in. aquatherm’s pp-r is hydrophobic, meaning it repels water from its read more…



reliability
our systems are designed to perform in a variety of applications without failure. polypropylene is one of the most reliable piping materials in the world, and our decades of research and engineering have made it even more dependable. with aquatherm, piping systems last for over 60 years with no scaling, rust, or chemical deterioration. the many read more…



installation
with lighter weights and faster, easier connections, our systems make installations simpler – and that means substantial reductions in cost. not only are heat-fused connections fast, but they’re also flexible and strong. the joints don’t crack or leak and the pipe weighs 75% to 80% less than comparable metals. installers can carry more with less read more…








technical resources, support and faqs
up to date technical information available to both designers and installers
technical resourcestechnical supportfaqs


latest news





13 apr
we are moving


aquatherm is moving to a new location! we will be closed from 12pm friday 21st april 2023 and reopening at our new location in airpark drive wednesday 26th april, 8.30am. note: no change to postal address. our new address is: aquatherm nz 1/17 airpark drive mangere auckland thank you for your continued support and understanding.




13 may
aquatherm blue pipe mf rp


the next generation of blue pipes with increased pressure resistance durable, corrosion resistant, lightweight and robust pressure resistance at higher temperatures, these are the properties that aquatherm blue pipe mf rp combines.  the pipe system made of fusiolen  pp-rct is ideally suited for the demanding conditions of the hvac market.  available in pressure ratings sdr9, read more…






quick links

aquatherm faqs
aquatherm news
aquatherm products
contact aquatherm
quality standards
technical resources
tool service & hire
training
find a stockist
 


products

aquatherm green pipe
for potable water supply


aquatherm flexi
for potable water, heating and underflow heating connections


aquatherm pre insulated pipes
for inground and above ground heating and cooling


aquatherm blue pipe
for chilled, hot fluid and various industrial applications


view all products...



contact

head office
64 9 570 7204










we have committed ourselves above and beyond the legal requirements to maintain and protect the delicate balance of
our immediate environment. from production to installation to recycling, our systems are designed to impact the
environment as little as possible.

















