


the lowry team - exp realty | cincinnati, oh real estate | home values | homes for sale










































 (513) 586‑6900  













 eric@lowryteam.com

let's connect:





























































search for homes


sell


home valuation


get a cash offer


why list with us


home sale calculator




communities


west chester


cincinnati


liberty township


mason


deerfield township


monroe


fairfield


fairfield township


northside


colerain township


more communities




financing


financing


mortgage calculator


affordability calculator




about us


join our team


meet the team


reviews




contact us


blog



























 (513) 586‑6900  













 eric@lowryteam.com

let's connect:

























































































   the average home value is up
   

+6.5%.
  



get your home's value in seconds!




    calculate my home value
  









﻿your home sold guaranteed


 



















loading



search by area



search by address



























our listings









find your dream home














get your home valuation

















list your home with us


list your home with us


learn more about why you should list with us


























news, advice & events

stay on the cutting edge with 
local analyses, articles, reports, and news.


explore more











down payment assistance programs: how do they work to help you become a homeowner
12 feb 2025
buying a home is no easy feat. you usually have to put money down equal to a percentage of the final purchase price, or your down payment. having this upfront cash on hand may not be easy for everyone. in fact, it’s one of the major hurdles when buying a home. this is why down payment assistance programs are available to qualifying home buyers.
read more →








from konmari to 20/20: 5 expert decluttering methods to try for a tidier home
28 jan 2025
if you feel like decluttering is such a chore, it might be because you haven’t found a method that works well for you. understand that there isn’t a “one-size-fits-all” decluttering solution. tidying up your space will always depend on your time, energy, or interest, so you don’t have to follow only one rule. here we’ve rounded up five of the most popular and expert decluttering approaches to owning less, hopefully to make the task a little easier for you.
read more →








planning to sell this year? don't forget to factor in these closing costs
16 jan 2025
if you’re thinking about selling your home this year, you’ve probably been monitoring its value for a while so you can sell and still get a substantial profit. but before you start counting how much money you’ll make, don’t forget to factor in seller closing costs into the sale price. let’s take a closer look at closing costs and an overview of the fees that will be deducted from your overall profit.
read more →

















featured communities



cincinnati



west chester



liberty township



mason



deerfield township



monroe



fairfield township



fairfield



sharonville



lebanon



loveland



hamilton township











meet our team












							eric lowry
						



							eric lowry
						

realtor®
team leader - real estate sales agent
(513) 368-3751
								

									eric@lowryteam.com
								


learn more abouteric lowry






							lisa lowry
						



							lisa lowry
						

director of operations
director of operations
(513) 368-3751
								

									lisa@lowryteam.com
								


learn more aboutlisa lowry






							adam wald
						



							adam wald
						

real estate sales agent
real estate sales agent
(513) 592-9440
								

									adam@lowryteam.com
								


learn more aboutadam wald






							pat turman
						



							pat turman
						

real estate sales agent
real estate sales agent
(419) 302-1188
								

									pat@lowryteam.com
								


learn more aboutpat turman






view all agents

















what our clients have to say














ron schneider
adam wald has done it again! adam helped us sell our house after 5 hours on the market, then guided us on the purchase of our new home. in fact, adam has helped me and my family buy/sell 7 properties. we trust adam completely when it comes to ...




enrique bucio
most amazing and very knowledgeable professionals to work with. everyone i worked with will answer all your questions promptly and help you with any other concerns you might have. from sydney to lisa i would like to say that i really appreciate ...




kayleen schreiber
luke williams and the team did a great job - he was very supportive and never pressured us while we negotiated and deliberated. he had great suggestions and ideas for negotiating and was always kind and professional to us and the sellers/agents. he ...




zach jedding
adam and lisa are great. adam had my back every step of the way and was a wealth of knowledge for a first time homebuyer like myself. he’s the man and i’d recommend him to anyone. lisa was helpful during the closing process with weekly updates as ...




katlyn slocum
the lowry team communicated with us every step of the way, which i loved! everything went smoothly and we couldn't be happier with our experience. thanks!




natasha shaw
adam is the best hands down! love that he was so patient and understanding. he was not in it for monetary gain or a quick sale but had my best interest in mind. on top of all that he knows his stuff..he has hung in there with me for over a year and ...




 cameron yee
adamn hagen was amazing. adamn helped me find the place of my dreams after countless tries. even after i had given up and wanted to wait he still kept sending me amazing properties that we would go see. very accommodating and is very flexible with ...




tim nester
very knowledgeable,helpful, and efficient. smooth process !




lori reed
amber mains and the lowry team were great thru my home buying process. i would recommend them!!




 kyle g.
eric was awesome from the start! very knowledgeable and frankly, he’s really enjoyable to be around! he had answers from r every silly question we had and bent over backwards to take care of us! will continue to use eric for as long as we live in ...









view all reviews






quick searches



	
homes for sale in west chester ohio
	
homes for sale in liberty township ohio
	
homes for sale in mason ohio
	
homes for sale in deerfield township ohio
homes for sale in fairfield ohio
homes for sale in monroe ohio
homes for sale in lebanon ohio
	
homes for sale in maineville ohio
homes for sale in springboro ohio
	
homes for sale in centerville ohio
homes for sale in beavercreek ohio
	
homes for sale in kettering ohio
	
homes for sale in oakwood ohio
homes for sale in springfield ohio
	
homes for sale in troy ohio
homes for sale in piqua ohio




homes for sale in downtown cincinnati ohio
homes for sale in hyde park
	
homes for sale in batavia ohio
homes for sale in miami township ohio
	
condos for sale in west chester ohio
	
condos for sale in mason ohio
condos for sale in deerfield township ohio
condos for sale in fairfield ohio
	
homes for sale in mason school district
homes for sale in lakota school district
homes for sale in fairfield school district
homes for sale in monroe school district
homes for sale in lebanon school district
homes for sale in springboro school district
homes for sale in west clermont school district
homes for sale in loveland ohio schools








get in touch
contact us




view map































search new homes for sale!
our listings are updated around the clock so you can see deals as soon as they hit the market.


searh homes now










what’s your home worth?
discover the value of your home.


find out how










why list with us?
find out what sets us apart from every other agent out there.


read more about us










work with us!


call us today for a scheduled consultation to sell  or a private showing




contact us






























©exp realty 2021
all rights reserved



popular links

meet our team
join our team
blog
communities
financing
review
contact us





explore

new construction
single family homes
condos & townhomes
luxury homes
newest listings
buy a home
sell properties













(513) 586-6900







300 e. business way, suite 200&cincinnati, ohio 45241





























































eric@lowryteam.com




privacy policy







































