












































strategic plan | uc davis leadership









      skip to main content
    







menu


uc davis leadership
















uc davis leadership











open search




search













main navigation (extended config)



          about






          chancellor






          five years leading uc davis





five year photo gallery





          about gary s. may





future forward


investiture




about leshelle r. may


chancellor's staff and administrators


chancellor's photos


chancellor's messages


chancellor's speeches


blog





          provost





provost's initiatives


provost's messages


provost's office


provost's senior reports


provost's photos





          councils, committees and boards





chancellor's leadership council


chancellor's board of advisors


provost's leadership council


audit, compliance, ethics, and risk committee


student advisors




photos


contact





          strategic plan





steering committee



          task forces





affordable student housing



          campus safety task force





readings, training, & resources


task force members & committees


town halls, focus groups, & events




mental health care


student food security




dei  strategic investments





aggie square




          recruitments





dean-college of agricultural and environmental sciences





          news






          messages





chancellor's messages


provost's messages





          speeches





chancellor's speeches





          annual reports





annual reports archive




chancell-ing





          engagement





leadership job shadow program


chancellor's colloquium series


chancellor’s social media


uc davis forums


aggie heroes





hate-free together















strategic plan





breadcrumb


uc davis leadership


                  strategic plan
              



















to boldly go: a strategic vision for uc davis
the university of california, davis contains an extraordinary breadth of disciplinary expertise that has grown and been nurtured over the decades. one of our enduring strengths is the community’s commitment to collaborate and cooperate in research and education. our success will rest heavily on our ability to leverage this great strength, identify priorities, and build academic excellence.
uc davis’ strategic plan, “to boldly go,” outlines the aspirations and methods for guiding the university to new heights of distinction over the next 10 years. the plan draws on our responsibility as a public land-grant university and maximizes our opportunities as a driver of innovation and economic growth for the public good.
our goals





strategic plan goal 1

provide an educational experience that prepares all of our students to address the needs and challenges of a diverse and changing world.








strategic plan goal 2

enable and support research that matters at the frontiers of knowledge, across and between the disciplines, in support of a healthy planet and the physical and societal well-being of its inhabitants.








strategic plan goal 3

embrace diversity, practice inclusive excellence and strive for equity. make uc davis a place of excellence for learning and working by supporting a culture that values the contributions and aspirations of all our students, staff and faculty; promotes wellness and a culture of sustainability; and cultivates the open interchange of ideas.








strategic plan goal 4

support our community, region, state, nation and world through mutually beneficial and impactful partnerships that reflect a firm commitment to our mission and increase the visibility and reputation of the university.








strategic plan goal 5

create an intellectual and physical environment that supports the development of an innovative and entrepreneurial culture that extends the benefits of our research activities beyond the boundaries of the university.



 
next steps
 
“to boldly go” is a living document that will result in broader discussions about how to achieve and sustain these five goals. a new committee or working groups will be established to develop an implementation plan, in consultation with the academic senate and other campus constituencies, and to track and report progress using a series of metrics and benchmarks outlined in the appendices. 



documents


strategic plan




















download the plan









steering committee









provost's initiatives









task forces
























university of california, davis, one shields avenue, davis, ca 95616 | 530-752-1011

questions or comments? privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california sitemap last update: july 15, 2022 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.












