







gee creative | charleston branding specialists









































 top 






























































              home
            

        about
      

        team
      

            process
          

            case studies
          

        contact
      



















































homeaboutteamprocesscase studiescontact







charleston branding specialists










































































































 

we build brands



we believe good design, strategy and collaboration results in persuasive, engaging communications, bottom-line growth and intense brand loyalty. our approach leverages the best technologies, opportunities and resources on the web, in packaging and print, to help our clients foster meaningful, lasting relationships with their customers.



who we are



gee creative is a design, marketing and branding firm whose mission is to motivate clients and their audiences.how do we do it? first, by carefully listening to each client — their opportunities, challenges, needs. and then translating those needs into concrete solutions that assist in superior branding efforts. our process blends reasoned with intuitive, innovative thinking, along with experience and resources to deliver the best of both conventional and digital media.the end result? bottom-line impact, long-term relationships and work that is consistently cited for its simplicity, clarity, influence and effectiveness.



what we do



every organization has a story to tell. and telling that story in an engaging, meaningful and compelling way is what we do. from marketing strategy and design to comprehensive project management, we deliver effective, award-winning creative solutions in partnership with a distinguished list of current and past clients, including:



dolittle’slois lane propertiesmelissa ervin interior designfreeman landscape architecturebig t coastal provisionsglenn keyes architectsdaniel island animal hospitalcenter for christian educationkevin holloway art & antiquesartis constructionanne kelley interior designcharleston coffee roasters



hillromberchtold corporationbelimedindigo reef brewing co.jack rudy cocktail co.grey ghost bakeryluquire foods/carolina creolefat & juicy mixesspoleto festival usakiawah island resorthominy grillflyway development



how we do it



utilizing a variety of media, our efforts offer cohesive, focused client messaging through:



- naming, positioning and branding- website design and development- web content development- search marketing/consulting- corporate identity/logo design



- sales collateral design- direct mail/email campaigns- custom publishing- product packaging design- signage/trade show displays








our team



servicing a select client base is a dedicated team of designers, writers, developers, project coordinators, content managers and strategists including:













richard gee jr.with 30+ years experience specializing in business to business strategy and communication, richard founded gee creative in 1996 and serves as creative director and chief strategist. recognized in the 2005 class of 40 under 40 local business leaders by the charleston regional business journal, richard holds degrees from baylor university and atlanta’s portfolio center. he is a founding member of lowcountry local first and serves on the advisory board for the visual arts department at trident technical college.away from the office, richard is an avid runner, paddler and woodworker. along with his wife and three kids, richard lives in west ashley.listening/watching/enjoying: thievery corporation, the shins, washed out, heavyweight, seinfeld reruns, college sports













katherine schusteran unashamed perfectionist, katherine found her calling in graphic design, where she happily spends her time tweaking each logo, website and photograph until pixel-perfect. blending a psychology degree and a passion for creativity, katherine's bliss is working with clients to translate big ideas into visual compositions that define, refine and enhance opportunities for success. away from the office, katherine can be found drawing, gardening, volunteering at a local safe house, or doing her best to corral her 3 young daughters. along with her husband and daughters, katherine lives in hanahan.listening/watching/enjoying: foster the people, fun., orange is the new black, the office reruns, spending time outside













ashley footea keen eye and insatiable appetite for beautiful design led ashley to the creative field where she wields a mouse, xacto and css (often simultaneously) with impressive precision. with a degree from auburn university (war eagle!) and extensive experience gained during her time at greenville’s bounce agency, ashley delivers a fresh perspective to both client relationships and each of her projects. gee creative’s resident photographer, ashley is equally comfortable behind the camera as she is tackling a complicated photo retouch, website solution or tasty packaging design.contributing remotely, ashley balances work and motherhood (shout out to daughters mccartney and ava!) from charlotte where she and her husband are currently renovating their southpark home.listening/watching/enjoying: the barr brothers, sturgill simpson, rolling stones, better call saul, homeland, park outings with kiddos, charlotte’s four seasons








get in touch



interested in learning more about how our approach can help communicate your story? we welcome the opportunity to visit further; please get in touch today:843.853.3086705 st. andrews blvd, suite a  charleston, sc 29407  usaemail us








featured projects



about



team



contact












gee creative, llc
1630 meeting street, suite 210,
charleston, sc 29405,
usa
843.853.3086
info@geecreative.com


hours




aboutteamprocesscase studiescontact




© copyright 2025 • all rights reserved • gee creative, llc









