





the reed organ society :: home



















 








reed organ society


homeinformation and publicationsesteyfest24newsmusic downloadsros gatherings - video librarycd recordingsfaqsreed organ repairros quarterlyvalue of a reed organwhat is a reed organ?memorial donationsfeatured publicationspublicationsmembershipnew membershiprenew membershipmembership portalbylaws of the rosresearch and databasereed organ registrationdownloadsros database searchquarterly searchcontact












 



 



 



 



 



 




 



 



 







 


 welcome to the ros!
founded in 1981, the society is an international, non-profit organization devoted to the appreciation, study, collection, restoration and preservation of reed organs. membership is open to anyone who is genuinely interested in reed organs. if you enjoy these organs and want to learn more about them, there is a place for you in the ros.scope of instruments we are interested in:the scope of instruments ranges from harmonicas, accordions, concertinas, and lap organs, through melodeons, harmoniums, parlor, chapel, and church organs to mechanical player organs, whether they be foot-pumped, hand-cranked, or motorized.aims of the reed organ societyto bring together through publications, correspondence and meetings all persons seriously interested in all types of free reed instruments.to encourage the restoration and preservation of extant instruments by members and the general public.to make reed organs known as historically important, as well as musically viable instruments for present-day use.to encourage public performances of extant and new reed organ music; and to advise on performance techniques.to foster research of a scholarly nature in the reed organ field, and to encourage publication of these findings in both the ros quarterly and other related journals.to survey and document as many extant reed organs as is possible.to foster the publication of reed organ musical compositions and arrangements; to locate and preserve extant reed organ music; and to reprint all types of reed organ publications and related materials for the benefit of the members and the public at large.

new reed organ society book releasethe fort wayne organ company & the packard legacyvolume 2: justice - the secret of good business250 pages, includes many catalogs, advertising items, etc.for more information, click here.
announcing a new music downloads section added to ros websitesome of the ros publications are now available for free.  follow the "information & publications" menu above or click here.



 news & events


esteyfest '24esteyfest'24 is now a wonderful memory for all those that attended this fantastic event!  thank you to the estey organ museum and the team from the ros that planned such a great event!  videos and pictures are coming together, and will be posted here as they are available.









 registering your reed organ with the ros
the registration of your reed organ is most welcome!  you do not need to be a member, and it is free!

this  information is extremely valuable for researching and finding the dates, stop names  and many other missing pieces of information that are no longer available.

register your reed organ here









 join the ros!

membership is open to anyone who is genuinely interested in reed organs. if you  enjoy these organs and want to learn more about them, there is a place for you  in the ros. new memberships must include both payment and a membership data  sheet and need to be sent to the membership secretary. there are two ways to  join:
1. online ros membership signup   online membership forms will be kept for 30 days pending payment of dues. you  may mail a check or money order to the membership secretary or use the "join  now" tab below to pay online via credit card or paypal. a paypal membership is  not required.
2. form download  and print,  mail the completed form to the membership  secretary at the address below along with a check or money order for the  membership dues.
memberships are for one calendar year and include four  quarterly magazines, annual directory, and incidental mailings. persons joining  before october 1 will receive back publications issued for that year. those  joining after october 1 will be credited with the following year's membership  unless requested otherwise.
dues for yearly memberships need to be paid  in us dollars and are as follows:



united states:

$40
	


canada or mexico:

$45
	


outside north america:

$55
	


(new!) worldwide digital only membership:

$25
	


(new!) student digital only membership:

$10



note: the new digital membership has the same member benefits as above only digital quarterlies & directory via membership portal
household memberships are available:
 add $10  for one additional voting member; however there is one set of publications  issued per household.any questions? please contact:  james germannros treasurer/membership secretary po box 218 la vernia, tx 78121-0218 usa e-mail:  reedorgansociety(at)yahoo.com 
reminder: complete both a data sheet and make the dues payment 	selected!












follow us on facebook and youtube  


 









the reed organ society ©2022an international organization


faq / help



reed organ societypo box 218, la vernia, tx 78121-0218usa 


 








built with concrete5 cms.

log in 












