












spectrum band












































































 







		skip to content













					spectrum band
				

 







home
testimonials
about/songlist
options
media
spectrum jazz ensemble
 









 










					spectrum band
				

 







main menu

 















 





























 



spectrum band 











st. louis based spectrum band is st. louis’ premier variety dance band. based on client feedback, spectrum band is a 13 time winner of the knot’s best of weddings, and a proud member of the knot’s hall of fame. with over 200 reviews on the knot alone and 400 publicly posted 5-star reviews from past clients, you can trust that spectrum band is the right band to deliver supurb professionalism, stellar musical performances, and a packed dance floor for your reception! 

















 







wedding receptions and ceremonies 



spectrum band is one of the most requested live bands for weddings and wedding receptions in the st. louis area.  we play a wide spectrum of music which means we play something for everyone.  we also offer musicians for ceremonies, cocktails, dinner, and other events.  











corporate events/fundraisers 



spectrum band is a great choice for your next corporate event or fundraiser.  we’ve performed for hundreds of business and community events throughout the years and have several repeat clients.    








 












 







public/civic concerts 



while the majority of our performances are private, we love to perform at public concerts.  we’ve been selected to perform for the chesterfield chamber of commerce faust park concert series for 24 seasons.  we’ve also performed for parties in the park, eureka days (eureka mo), taste of maple street festival, ballwin days, and many more.  
















 





 




















spectrum horns 



















part of spectrum band’s recognizable sound comes from our amazing spectrum horns!  these incredibly talented musicians recreate great music from earth wind and fire, chicago, michael buble, sam and dave, michael jackson, cherry poppin’ daddies, brian setzer orchestra, and more!  plus, they also add customized horn arrangements to songs that normally don’t have horns in the original versions to create unique spectrum band versions of songs that are unique to the band!  great ensemble playing along with dynamic solos set spectrum horns apart! got horns?  we do! 
































the knot: “best of weddings 2024” – we’ve won this award for the past 12 years in a row.  the winners are limited to the top 1% of all vendors in the nation!wedding wire: “couples choice for 2024” – our wedding couples voted for us to win it again in 2024 for our record setting duration over the past 15 years! 



“the knot: hall of fame” – spectrum band is in the the knot’s hall of fame due to consistently positive reviews provided from our clients for so many years!  we are grateful to all of our past clients who took the time to write reviews on their experience with spectrum band! 












get in touch 



contact details 






 




							phone number						


						314-610-0128					









 




							email						


						spectrumbandstl@outlook.com					






follow us 






facebook-f
 



envelope
 



instagram
 



youtube
 










booking inquiries 



for quotes & more info 



for quotes or more infoplease provide as much information on your event as possible.  we do offer free consultationsplease enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.nameemailphone event datevenueexpected attendancetell us about your eventsubmit1220644318  










 


 






contact info 






 
314-610-0128



 
spectrumbandstl@outlook.com










services 







 
wedding receptions and ceremonies





 
corporate and private events





 
public concerts/performances




 
live musicians for your special event



 
pro audio and lighting services










get in touch 



we work closely with each client to meet and exceed expecations.  prime dates book quickly.  reach out today for booking information.  






facebook-f
 



envelope
 



instagram
 



youtube
 









 







 




homespectrum jazz ensembletestimonialsabout/songlistoptionsmedia 












copyright © 2025 spectrum band
 



powered by jr2e consulting llc
 






 
 


























