








grand slam bucktails - grand slam bucktails


























































 







(425) 387-8209
grandslambucktails@gmail.com



facebook


 





facebook




0 items
 












grand slam bucktails
rigging tips

saltwater salmon
large lakes


about us
shop
 


select page


  
 
 
















grand slam bucktailsour tail is better than your hoochie
for over 20 years gsbs have taken the west coast, alaska, and the great lakes by storm targeting salmon, lake trout, big game fish, and many other species.

shop now









introducing the micro1.5″ of mini madness

shop now









new color!  creamsicle!
available in all sizes!

shop now












order now!  free shipping when you spend $100!



1.5″ micro
$5.50


3″ mini
$8.25


4″ herring
$8.25


4″ needlefish
$8.25


6″ magnum
$12.00










what our customers are saying







i ordered 8 bucktails from you a while ago, and i can tell you that i’m happy! quite a few atlantic salmon have become victims of these great bucktails. last week, we won biggest fish prize in a derby, thanks to the green/glow herring bucktail!
 juha merila
from finland




my clients expect me to produce fish on my salmon charters – that’s why i use the grand slam bucktail. its uniquely designed head and mylar body give it a life like action in the water that salmon just can’t resist. the grand slam bucktail has produced over a hundred king salmon in one month and placed my boat in the money in several salmon derbies. i feel so positive about the results of this fly that i recommend it to the readers of my column in fishing & hunting news magazine. if you want to put fish in the boat, use a grand slam bucktail on your next fishing trip.
captain john keizer
puget sound salmon charters






grand slam bucktails catch lots of fish for my clients. with 15 years in the charter business, i have encountered a lot of the latest and greatest things to catch fish with; most are good at catching fishermen and some will catch fish. the grand slam bucktail is the best producer for adult king salmon that i use. this is a product that works and it works great!
captain gary krein
owner, all star seattle fishing charters 




check out this stringer of kings! caught on your famous 4″ green needlefish and blue needlefish bucktails flies. they ranged in size from 18-21 lbs. we rigged the flies behind green hotspot flashers with a 34″ 40 lb leader, two 5/0 hooks, and provided extra enticement with a small strip of herring as you mention in your saltwater salmon page. we were fishing near pt. defiance, in tacoma, wa on july 27th, 2002. we always feel confident when fishing with grand slam bucktail flies.
dewayne crust & bob minnitti
port orchard, wa








browse our full shop
enter



 

 








facebook


 
                            (c) 2015 grand slam bucktails | site design by katie rohs

 

 
 
 







stay in touch!grand slam bucktails wants to stay in touch with you! we have exciting contests, sales, discounts, and promotions that we like to let our anglers know that we are running. please fill out the information below to join the team and receive our communications. also please find us on facebook, twitter, and instagram.

















subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!



























































