



 













care initiatives - skilled nursing, rehabilitation, and hospice care







































































our care

skilled nursing care
rehabilitation services
hospice care
view our care options


locations
about
our people

leadership & board


careers
news and events
contact



search for



find a location




home









compassionate care, individualized support
care initiatives offers skilled nursing and hospice care, independent living and assisted living care and rehabilitation therapy services.

find a location
join our team
view latest news
about care initiatives








find a location


whether you’re looking for skilled nursing, hospice, independent or assisted living, or rehabilitation services, we can help.

find a location







our care
we help people gain their independence and achieve a high quality of life. care initiatives is committed to celebrating life and helping those in our care live life to the fullest.

our care options


hospice careskilled nursing carerehabilitation services











our highlights



our team members
at care initiatives we know and understand that the key to the highest quality and best care is by investing in our team members. 





our locations
care initiatives proudly provides quality care to more than 2,500 skilled nursing, assisted living and independent living residents and hospice patients.





our mission
improving quality of life for our residents, patients and their families during life’s health transitions through compassionate individualized care.








join a team that cares
see why more than 3,000 people choose to work at care initiatives. we’re committed to providing quality care and quality careers!



why work at care initiatives
view our job openings




news & resources
september 27, 2024eldora specialty care receives governor’s award for quality carewest des moines, iowa (sept. 27, 2024) — eldora specialty care was presented the 2024 governor’s award for quality care in health care facilities by…read articlejune 11, 2024telligen recognizes care initiatives locations as b.e.s.t in classfive locations recognized for commitment to safety and quality care west des moines, iowa (june 11, 2024) — in recognition of their commitment to ensuring…read articleseptember 11, 2024correctionville specialty care recognized as b.e.s.t in classtelligen provides award for commitment to safety and quality care west des moines, iowa (sept. 11, 2024) — in recognition of their commitment to ensuring…read articleaugust 14, 2024care initiatives locations receive covid-19 vigilance awardaward recognizes commitment to prevention west des moines, iowa (aug. 14, 2024) — in recognition of their dedication and commitment to preventing the spread of…read article





see us in action
schedule a tour today and discover why care initiatives is a trusted leader in compassionate health care. during your visit, you’ll see our dedicated team in action, explore our welcoming environments and learn how our personalized services will meet the unique needs of you or your loved one.

visit us today











contact us(844) 604-44001611 west lakes parkwaywest des moines, ia 50266our care
skilled nursing care
long-term care
rehabilitation services
hospice care
about
careers
our people
leadership & board
hospice volunteer
bill pay
compliance and policies
nondiscrimination
public disclosures
website privacy policy
jumpstart your career and make a difference in the lives of those you serve.apply now


© 2025 care initiatives
web design by farmboy




bill paycall: (844) 604-4400join our teamfind a location








