







home - brick, inc.

































































































 









 



skip to content










capabilitiesabout us

blog
portfolioknowledge basecontact






























digital presence & advertising 











increase sales, leads and visibility  







sales, leads, and lifelong customers – are we speaking your language? brick helps you gain what’s needed so you can grow your business.we’re a digital agency that thinks like your customers and gets them in your door. start investing in advertising that delivers real business impact. 






get in touch











 















crane dealer 



 











airplane dealer 



 











machinery trader 



 











wire & cable 



 











food producer 



 











wine & spirit 



 











supermarket 



 











b2b electronic 



 















our brick-and-mortar beginnings 



brick began focusing on brick-and-mortar businesses with the mission to utilize online advertising that leads to sales and new customers with the right strategy and technology.after nearly 10 years in the industry, we’ve proved our approach to digital ads keeps businesses on the ground, in touch with new and current customers – and on track with their marketing budget.. 



ads that really work  






















aerista aircraft digital advertising
view results




 












blue hat crane digital advertising

view results




 












sterling wire & cable web & branding
view results




 











the brick difference 



we are performance advertising specialists who maximize your brand’s reach by leveraging multiple ad platformswe plan and execute lead-oriented ad campaigns with fully transparent results that are verified by our advanced data solutionswe use one of the most exclusive, biggest ad networks globallybest practices: monthly strategy meetings, real-time customized marketing dashboard, and local foot traffic insights – because your success matters to us. 






learn more











clear & actionable advertising reports 



our team of experts prioritizes transparency, accuracy, and results that are action-based. brick is for owners and managers that didn’t go to school for advertising but need it to stay ahead in their industry. 






sample report















our capabilities 











brick is an ad agency that specializes in digital media technology. we have the toolkit and know-how for growing your business quickly and efficiently. 


















 




							digital advertising						


						display ads, google ads, online radio, video ads, connected television, real-time reporting					













                                                 




							web development						


						new /  refresh web design, e-commerce, sandhills api integration web build					













 




							creative services						


						brand development, newspaper ad, audio commercial, video commercial, brochure					













                   




							custom platforms						


						digital hub websites, online circulars, recipes, email for retail grocery, and custom payment and donation platforms					













 




							professional services						


						research & data, communication & engagement plan, pr					

















full capabilities














view portfolio



























start saying yes to 















a partner who always answers 















clear, transparent data reports 



















impactful creative that drives performance 















real business results 







 







change starts now 




please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *phone number *comment or message *media kiti'd like to receive your media kitcustom captcha * 




=

 



messagesend  


















				copyright 2025 brick,inc.. all rights reserved. privacy policy. 















capabilities
about us

blog


portfolio
knowledge base
contact






type your search






this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. read more xprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept














in 3 months


148
sale-ready leads


11,952
new website visitors


3.8
million ad impressions


26,280
website page views




services
digital advertising
landing page optimization


read full case study






			x			





a customized report that highlights the important metrics for your campaign success such as: impression, clicks, website visit, events, and many more.


			×			





specifically used for ads placed through youtube, a bumper ad is an unskippable, 6-second video ad before the regular video plays.


			×			





connected tv is content accessed by apps and streamed over smart tvs, mobile, laptops, tablets, and so on.


			×			





a pre-roll ad is a promotional ad that plays before the main content. these ads are commonly 15-, 30-, or 60-seconds long. pre-roll ads are skippable.


			×			





an advanced data technology that uses mobile signals to deliver real-time and historical data for making informed strategic decisions. learn more.


			×			






in 2 weeks


200%increase in pageviews 


11.03%decrease in bounce rate




services

brand development
web development




read full case study 







			x			






in 6 months


55%increase on
website engagement


190,786ad views


1,625new web visitors


85direct leads




services

digital advertising
website development




read full case study 







			x			





﻿﻿

fill out my wufoo form!



savesave
savesave
savesave
savesave
savesave


			close			





				our dedicated team is here for you!			

send us a message and our team will get back to you within 24 hours.


fill out my wufoo form!





			close			



search for:search button














































