



galapagos islands tours, cruises, hotels, travel information - galapagos island diving, cruises, vacations, holidays, tours & trips


























galapagos islands tours, cruises, hotels, travel, diving, vacations, holidays & trip












 
 




















navegacion 




galapagos islands

santa cruz - indefatigable
isabela - albermarle
san cristobal - chatam
santa maria - floreana
san salvador - santiago
fernandina - narborough
espaã±ola - hood
santa fe - barrington
sombrero chino
seymour
mosquera
bartolome
daphne mayor
rabida
plazas
darwin and wolf
genovesa marchena y pinta


general information

history
geography
climate
flora
fauna
economy
people
galapagos islands map
weather


vacation

getting around
getting there info
visas and documents
money and costs
when to go
communications
books
cruises
photography and video
time - electricity
dangers and annoyances
health
work
accommodation
food
what to bring
what to buy
other activities


hotels

santa cruz - indefatigable
isabela - albermarle
san cristobal - chatam
santa maria - floreana


cruises - tours

luxury cruises
galapagos tours 1st c
choosing your tour - boats
yacht charters


diving

galapagos diving tours
scuba diving courses


why choose us

testimonials - travel
islands faqs



 





























galapaguide


galapagos tours home

galapagos islands travel info

getting there information

getting around

galapagos vacations facts

the galapagos islands 

galapagos hotels

galapagos tours & cruises

luxury - galapagos cruises

first class - galapagos cruises

tourist superior -  galapagos cruises

tourist - galapagos cruises

economy - galapagos cruises

galapagos yacht charters

galapagos diving

galapagos diving tours

galapagos diving classes

other trip activities

galapagos travel reservations
islands travel faq's

galapagos weather on line 

galapagos map

galapagos travel links

get listed

how was your tour ?

advertising information

galapagos islands newsletter

galapagos travel agents

why choose us

contact us

islas galapagos (spanish)












scuba diving
galapagos diving cruise





scuba diving
galapagos travel guide


scuba diving
galapagos tours




the galapagos islands, off the coast of ecuador, have captured the hearts and imaginations of people for the past two centuries. the history of the islands is turbulent and mysterious. they have been invaded by buccaneers and pirates, mapped by topographers, studied by scientists, biologists, and historians, settled by a modern-day adam and eve in the early 20th century, and there's even been a little love triangle or two. now, it's your turn to discover the enchanted islands!
	
	 a vacation in the galapagos is a dream come true. imagine scuba diving with hammerhead sharks and graceful sea turtles.





spend your holiday cruising to the west side of isabela to see the flightless cormorant. look at the map and study each island, then create your own tailor-made vacation cruise or tour by chartering a yacht with friends. perhaps you want to volunteer ar the charles darwin research foundation and study the plants and animals of an island. 
	
	or spend your galapagos vacation on one of the four islands that have hotels and accommodation, relaxing by settling into the daily life of its inhabitants. you can take day trips to other islands, go kayaking, trekking, and scuba diving. there are so many possibilities for your galapagos holidays. what are you waiting for?    		

finding and comparing galapagos cruises, tours, hotels, yachts, flights, charters and scuba diving possibilities for your holidays in ecuador can be tedious and time-consuming. to save you time and energy, we've created galapaguide, an all-in-one, comprehensive travel guide. 
	
	galapaguide gives you the most complete list  of possibilities to enjoy and explore this unique archipalego. we have detailed maps, diving information, travel ideas, health tips, flight information, vacation facts, last minute holiday deals, and more. the ecuador chamber of commerce aided with our project, so everything on this site is up-to-date.            

our goal is to provide you the information you need to make informed decisions about your vacation. we work exclusively to promote the galapagos islands. we have the best prices, and if you find any on-line price less expensive than what we have to offer, service-for-service, we will match that price, unconditionally. 
before you are all the options. have a great holiday on  these magnificent islands.

secure online payment








island tour operator flight ecuador day trips holidays map liveabords travel guide
galapagos cruises diving tours travel guide
















for more information and reservations
contact us



  


                  telephone: 
                 +57 1 7456019
info@galapaguide.com 
our low-price guarantee policy
if you find any on-line price for less than what we have to offer, service-for-service, we will match that price, unconditionally. 
 
secure online payment



 







 














tweet
 


 

 


 







galapagos cruises tours hotels

 islas galapagos ecuador - cruceros hoteles buceo turismo tours






















galapagos hotels - accommodation

santa cruz island - galapagos hotels
isabela island - galapagos hotels
san cristobal island hotels
floreana island - galapagos hotels



galapagos islands diving tours
dive cruise darwin & wolf
best buy galapagos diving
best buy diving
daily diving
galapagos diving from hotels


galapagos diving courses
open water scuba diving
advanced open water diver
discover scuba diving
rescue scuba diving
divemaster


galapagos island tours
galapagos tours deluxe 
galapagos tours 1st class
galapagos tours superior 
galapagos tours tourist
tour economy





how was your tour ? - 
				film support  - 
				islands news - 
				website map info -
				travel newsletter -
				travel agencies




galapagos islands tours cruises hotels diving holidays vacation travel tour information copyright â© 2015. todos los derechos reservados.







day trips



























