



















veterinarian in vista, ca | aloha animal hospital























































					welcome to our office in  vista, ca . 
					request your appointment today





  rate us:       
 (760) 724-8313

 2020 e vista way, vista, ca 92084 












menu

about

our team
our mission
abvp, penn hip and vin

the american board of veterinary practitioners
penn hip
the veterinary information network


the aloha animal hospital story
hospital policies
employment
testimonials
covid-19 online resources
donations


resources

online forms
payment options
pet insurance
patient portal
online pharmacy


pet health libary
appointments
services

internal medicine
surgery
minimally invasive sx (mis)
laparoscopic spay
digital radiography
ultrasound
laboratory services
boarding & daycare
dentistry
laser therapy
acupuncture
emergencies
pet wellness exam
pet vaccinations
preventative care
spay & neuter


petdesk
blog
contact
 










we welcome new clients

we invite you to contact us today to discuss your pet’s care. please don’t hesitate to call us at (760) 724-8313.

 read more 










request an appointment today!

quickly and easily request your appointment online today.

 request appointment 





we welcome new clients

we invite you to contact us today to discuss your pet’s care. please don’t hesitate to call us at (760) 724-8313.

 read more 







call us: (760) 724-8313
get directions
request an appointment
  rate us:       




























welcome to aloha animal hospital
aloha animal hospital is pleased to serve vista, ca and the surrounding areas. our goal is to provide you and your pets with the best veterinary experience possible.
at aloha animal hospital, everyone is considered a leader and an integral member of the health care delivery team. every day at aloha animal hospital, it is our friendly team’s responsibility to help make your veterinary experience a positive one to ensure that both you and your pet are at ease. in addition to mandatory veterinary knowledge and training, our team is selected for kindness, compassion, patience, professionalism, integrity, and agility.
we are here for you, we are here for your pet, and we are your neighborhood’s favorite vet. please don’t hesitate to contact us today at (760) 724-8313 to request your pet’s appointment!
petdesk







/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/aloha_animal_hospital_rc_2.mp4-1.mp4





































 surgery 

veterinarians are trained to perform an exhaustive list of surgical and dental procedures. 

 read more 







 dentistry 

the veterinary staff of aloha animal hospital is expertly trained in dentistry. dental disease is the number one disease found in mammals. 

 read more 







 ultrasound 

when you bring your pet to a veterinarian, the doctor will typically perform a thorough physical exam. but sometimes, your pet will need the veterinarian to have a closer look on the inside of their body. 

 read more 







new clients
at aloha animal hospital, you can expect state of the art medical care for your pet. we believe in nurturing the human-pet bond and creating a harmonious relationship between people and pets. you can expect to be greeted by a courteous receptionist, clean exam rooms, friendly doctors, and caring technicians. we appreciate the role we get to play in your pets’ health care.
read more






testimonials












		                        			easily the best vet we have had in our years of travel. dr. abella is amazing and always spends time answering any questions we have. the staff is so gentle and caring. wouldn't...  read more  

nate r.













		                        			love the vets at aloha animal hospital!  my pets have been receiving excellent care here for over 10...  read more  

suzanne r.













		                        			nothing but good things to say for aloha. i initially came to aloha because i heard that they could help me get my dog the required paperwork to move her to hawaii and in the...  read more  

griffin s.







nate r.easily the best vet we have had in our years of travel. dr. abella is amazing and always spends time answering any questions we have. the staff is so gentle and caring. wouldn't take our pup anywhere else.
 

suzanne r.love the vets at aloha animal hospital!  my pets have been receiving excellent care here for over 10 years.
 

griffin s.nothing but good things to say for aloha. i initially came to aloha because i heard that they could help me get my dog the required paperwork to move her to hawaii and in the process found out that my dog had cancer. im so lucky i stumbled upon aloha. theyve been incredibly helpful in taking care of my dog, luna and in guiding me through what to expect with the cancer. highly recommend this vet.
 


      

 

  



 appointments  we will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule. request an appointment today!request appointment 

 office hours monday: 8:00 am-6:00 pm
tuesday: 8:00 am-6:00 pm
wednesday: 8:00 am-6:00 pm
thursday: 8:00 am-6:00 pm
friday: 8:00 am-6:00 pm
saturday: closed
sunday: closed


 aloha animal hospital 

phone:  (760) 724-8313  

 address:   2020 e vista way  vista, ca 92084  






 connect with us 










sitemap | accessibility | website by doctor multimedia 




petdesk

  call us 















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








