

 



























home - recovery within reach







































































 


housing housing search
where to start
supervised group homes
creating homes initiative
transitional living
consumer housing specialists
government subsidized housing
tenant abuse and neglect
housing for veterans
housing discrimination
housing for homelessness
frequently asked questions
continuums of care
 search for homes >


peer support support groups
cyapss
cprs
cfss
training
peer support centers
get involved


resources
blog
trainings webinars


search
crisis









 - 







english
 - 
en



spanish
 - 
es


 















home












 





welcome to recovery within reach
how to navigate
this website is a celebration of all things recovery in tennessee! you can find support whether you are in recovery from a mental illness, substance use co-occurring disorder.  
click here to find out more!

housing within reach
looking for housing? the housing within reach section features an extensive searchable database that covers all of tennessee. this section also includes information on group homes, veterans housing, and more.
discover more
peer support
peer support provides an opportunity to connect with someone who lives a life of recovery from mental health challenges and/or addiction and who shares their experience, strength, and hope with others.
discover more
arsania holmes
meet tennessee recovery navigator arsania holmes and learn why peer support is so important to her.

"give freely to the world these gifts of love and compassion. do not concern yourself with how much you receive in return, just know in your heart it will be returned.”https://recoverywithinreach.org/online-gamblinghttps://recoverywithinreach.org/gamblingsteve marabolirecovery blogview all blog poststrainingsmental health america to present two upcoming webinarstrainingsyouth in crisis: the misdiagnosis and labeling of marginalized youths in schoolstrainingscopeland center webinarssign up for our newsletter!

first name*last name*email*


  











δ




 


navigate recovery within reach
recovery within reach includes a wealth of information, particularly about peer support in tennessee as well as personal stories of recovery, wellness, and healing that will warm your heart. visit our blog
check out the site’s amazing housing within reach housing database to find housing options in your local community. if you are looking for something specific, try the search bar first. search for housing
about us
recovery within reach is a tennessee resource for people seeking wellness and recovery from issues such as mental illness, substance use disorder, trauma, homelessness, and others. the website began in 2009 as part of a real choice systems change grant from the centers for medicare and medicaid services of the u.s. department of health and human services.
home
housing
housing search
peer support
trainings/webinars
resources
blog
crisisconnect




© 2019 recovery within reach all rights reserved









home
housing
housing search
peer support
trainings/webinars
resources
blog
 


 






































