




manufactured & modular homes by redman homes | redman homes - indiana

























homebuyer assistance





                            1-877-201-3870
                        

8am-8pm est mon-sat














            find a home

                    




            find a retailer

                    




            view brochures

                    




            our homes

                            







                        manufactured & mobile homes
                    



                        modular homes
                    



                        construction process
                    



                        brochure downloads
                    







            galleries

                    




            about us

                    




            contact us

                    










manufactured & modular homes by redman homes




search our homes
enter "city, st" or "zip"





search














innovation at work
one of the leading builders of manufactured and modular homes in the midwest, redman homes in indiana prides itself in meeting the needs of our customers. from our innovative designs to features and options that allow homebuyers to customize a home, we are in the business of creating happy homeowners. our prefab homes are available through a wide network of redman homes retailers in illinois, indiana, iowa, kansas, kentucky, michigan, minnesota, missouri, montana, nebraska, new york, north dakota, ohio, pennsylvania, south dakota, tennessee, west virginia, wisconsin, and wyoming.














radiant spa bath

            take your bath regimen from routine to indulgent. the radiant spa bath's royal level of luxury makes it possible.
        












view our photo galleries! from kitchens and living rooms to master bathrooms and more, see the latest in home design and decor.
choosing features like entertainment centers, or stone and wood accents can showcase your style and personality, and make a redman home truly your own.



kitchens


features & options


see all galleries




























copyright © 2025







about us


find a home


manufactured & mobile homes


find a retailer


modular homes


view brochures


construction process


galleries


contact us


models by series







privacy policy
california residents:  notice at collection and personal information rights
do not sell or share my information
terms of use
disclaimer








we use cookies on this website. by using this website, you consent to all cookies. you can review our privacy policy to learn more.












