




breast thermography - clinical infrared imaging

































































skip to content










about

breast thermography body thermography the procedure breast cancer our director
researchfor physiciansfaqcontactfind a center





menu
close





about

breast thermography
body thermography
the procedure
breast cancer
our director


research
for physicians
faq
contact
find a center





 





























a lifesaving risk assessment technology for the 21st century 






















what if……there were a way to provide an early risk marker for breast cancer?…there were a better screening approach that combined multiple tests, including a technology that reflects the early cancerous process itself?…there were a technology that could find areas of inflammation in advance of symptoms?…there were a tool that had the possibility to find the true cause of your pain so that you could get the treatment you need?…there were a test that could give an athlete an edge in sports injury management? that technology is here, and it’s called clinical thermography.welcome to the eagle institute of clinical thermology. the institute is founded on the principle that every woman should have access to this lifesaving technology. we are here to support offices, hospitals, and imaging centers in reaching this goal. our mission is focused on:increasing awareness of this lifesaving technologypromoting and engaging in researchproviding educational resources for doctors and techniciansproviding professional interpretation and reporting of clinical thermogramsif you are a physician, we are here to help you care for your patients. computerized infrared imaging may aid you in the differential diagnosis process. the technology is designed to complement your examination procedures and assist you in the treatment process. computerized infrared imaging is fda approved as an adjunctive procedure. 





































what is thermography? 




thermography, or infrared imaging, entails the use of specialized cameras that are sensitive to the detection of electromagnetic energy (light) in the infrared wavelengths (heat). as such, these imagers serve as a remote sensing system; nothing touches or harms the object under investigation. when the camera’s detectors sense the incoming infrared heat an electrical signal is produced that generates a visible image display. 




























saving livesthe single most important marker of high risk for developing breast cancer. 









researchas part of a multimodal approach, 95% of early stage cancers will be detected. 









finding the causehelping you and professional athletes alike find the cause of their pain and disability. 





























state of the art technology 




in healthcare, thermography incorporates the use of high-resolution infrared cameras and sophisticated computer processing to produce a topographic heat map display which bears a resemblance to the visible image of the body. modern computerized thermography produces an accurate and reproducible high-resolution image that can be analyzed both qualitatively and quantitatively for minute changes in skin surface heat emissions. these changes in heat act as biomarkers that may warn of an underlying problem. with regard to breast thermography, studies show that the earliest breast cancer detection is realized when multiple tests are used together (multimodal imaging). what we are promoting is a multimodal approach. this multimodal approach includes breast self-examinations, physical breast exams by a doctor, thermography, screening imaging, and other tests that may be ordered by your doctor. 




















have a question for us?


get in touch










disclaimer		











 all thermography reports are meant to identify thermal emissions that suggest potential risk markers only and do not in any way suggest a diagnosis or treatment. as with other medical imaging systems, a diagnosis cannot be made from an infrared image. the thermal markers must be correlated by the patient’s treating physician with additional testing and procedures before a final diagnosis can be made. thermography offers information that no other procedure can provide. however, thermography is utilized as an adjunctive imaging procedure and, as such, is not a replacement for or alternative to any other form of imaging. since thermography only detects heat at the surface of the body, the technology cannot see into the cranial vault, thoracic cavity, abdomen, pelvic basin, or deep into the body to visualize organs or bones. as such, thermography cannot be used to screen for skin cancer, internal disorders, or the spread of cancer (metastasis).
the breastthermography.com website is designed for educational purposes only and is not engaged in rendering health care advice. the information provided should not be used for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease. it is not a substitute for professional care. if you have or suspect you may have a health problem, you should consult a health care provider. the authors, editors, producers, sponsors, and contributors shall have no liability, obligation or responsibility to any person or entity for any loss, damage, or adverse consequence alleged to have happened directly or indirectly as a consequence of this material. click here to view our privacy policy.

 





copyright 2025 - william c. amalu, dc, dabct. all rights reserved. | website optimization by mcormc corporation 





































