










hair salon brielle and spring lake nj | salon kokopelli





















































home
services

hair
new talent
bridal
skin
hydrafacial
nails


our talent
salon promotions
gift certificates
salon hair products
careers

employment
employee login
koko academy


contact
 


select page


  
 
 













experience our boutique style salons in the heart of the jersey shore with locations in brielle and spring lake, nj






;







at salon kokopelli, our stylists are committed to providing the best experience possible. we go the extra mile to provide comfort and quality in bothour hair services and products. we provide a unique salon experience and will have you looking and feeling your best after each visit! our salon offers afull range of services including hair coloring, cutting and styling, manicures and pedicures, along with skin care services featuring hair removal, facials, and our beloved hydrafacial, that will leave youfeeling relaxed and rejuvenated after every visit to salon kokopelli. we look forward to meeting you soon!





request an appointment 








services




our talent






products




promotions








buy gift cards



 










201 union ave, brielle, nj 08730

brielle hours


mon: 8am – 9pm
tues: 8am – 3pm
wed: 9am – 9pm
thurs: 8am – 9pm
fri: 8am – 3pm
sat: closed
sun: 9am – 3pm


book now

732-223-2600

followfollow





311 morris ave, spring lake, nj 07762

spring lake hours


mon: 9am – 8pm
tues: 12pm – 7pm
wed: 8am – 9pm
thurs: 9am – 8pm
fri: 8am – 3pm
sat: 8am – 3pm
sun: closed


book now

732-449-7444

followfollow















copyright 2025 salon kokopelli, all rights reserved | website design by salon search party



 







				mary's bio			

i do what i love & love what i do!!! i have been in love with my industry for over 30 years. it is with my passion for our craft and the thrill of constant learning that has kept my career so exciting. sharing knowledge and teaching young professionals how to have a fulfilling career has created a new outlet for my passion. i believe that our industry alone can make a difference in the world if you look & feel your best …it is contagious!!
favorite products:
redken’s chemistry shot!!! they are customized treatments for whatever your hair needs. this system is without any doubt the best break through conditioning treatment for maintaining healthy hair. i have seen hair transform before my very eyes. any success with your hair must start with a healthy foundation.
hot tip:
so many tips, too little time… be kind to your hair, treat your hair like a fabric, the brighter the color the cooler the water. let your hair color reflect your personality and trust your stylists for the proper homecare recommendations. you will feel a difference while protecting your investment.
favorite quote:
ok… you asked for it! it’s the little things that mean absolutely everything!!! choose being kind over being right! integrity requires consistency. be positive! you can not have a negative & a positive in your head at the same time!!!


			×			



























