




cassandra clare's blog — livejournal


























































































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































cassandraclare
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














cassandraclare







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement









my website
recent entries
archive
friends
profile


            cassandra clare's blog
        






linksmy sitestwittermortal instruments: a ya fantasy trilogycassandra clare: my personal sitefrequently asked questionswhere i'll be: book signing eventsmyspace - book news, audio, blog and photosfacebookmy mailing list - news, discussion and cookies!the mortal instrumentsabout the booksread chapter one of city of bonesread chapter one of city of ashesread chapter one of city of glassread about city of fallen angels!the mortal instruments and the infernal devicesthe infernal devices: the mortal instruments prequelsthe infernal devices: the official websitethe infernal devices: read an excerptfan sitesmundie source:: the official mi fansitemundie moms — for grown-up fans!the mundanes: a mortal instruments fan forummyspace fangroupfacebook fangroupbebo fangrouptmi on livejournalmy short stories"i never" from "geektastic""the mirror house" from "vacations from hell""other boys" from "the eternal kiss"
march 2012 123
45678910
11121314151617
18192021222324
25262728293031






28 march 2012 @ 12:25 pm
read chapter one of city of lost souls  


the city of lost souls chapter reveal starts today! start reading here.as well as being able to read the first chapter, if you live in the us, at each chapter stop you can enter to win one of six very limited edition shadow hunter family rings. just click here and enter your information. (canadians, follow @simonpulseca for you chance to win a shadowhunter ring. i'm sorry it's only open to us residents, but apparently those are the legalities of this kind of giveaway. the chapter however, can be read by anyone.)tomorrow, the hunt continues at www.novelnovice.com*** you may notice i never, ever, ever update this blog any more. i have moved to www.cassandraclare.tumblr.comand i update there daily. this livejournal is not going to be updated with any regularity, or possibly again ever, so for those who have been checking, please follow me over at tumblr!
 





 


04 january 2012 @ 08:25 pm
ya tournament of heroines!  


so tessa is up against katniss in the second to last round of the ya heroine tournament.you can vote here. http://ya-sisterhood.blogspot.com/2012/01/match-30-katniss-seed-2-vs-tessa-seed-3.html?m=1yeesh. what can i say? katniss is an awesome heroine, and honestly, i'm proud tessa has made it this far and is facing down a girl who wins tournaments to the death professionally. :d i will say this: there are all sorts of ways to be heroic, and just because tessa works her mojo in a corset doesn't mean she's less of a badass. they're both badass girls. i think they would get along.katniss: i like your corset.tessa: and i am sure that your flaming jumpsuit is the very last word in fashion!katniss: boy do i hate being in a love triangle.tessa: i can only most heartily agree.and yet!if tessa wins this round, the last round of the tournament will be tessa vs. clary. which means that whoever wins that round, no matter what, you guys will get a brandnewsspeciallywrittenforyou scene. something to think about. *winks*
 





 


 



05 december 2011 @ 11:55 am
clockwork prince launch party nyc (&ed westwick):  


clockwork prince launch party nyc (&ed westwick): the clockwork prince tour kicks off tomorrow night with a signing in new york city, at the barnes and noble on union square.new york city: 7pm union square 33 east 17th street, new york, ny 10003, 212-253-0810there will be swag bags prizes, and other fun stuff, including an appearance by (barring unexpected weirdness having to do with the gossip girl filming schedule)ed westwick, who besides being chuck bass, is also the co-narrator of clockwork prince ( you can hear him read here) and lent his mellifluous voice to the narration of the cp book trailer:perhaps he can be convinced to read a few lines from clockwork princess aloud? :d
 





 


29 november 2011 @ 09:33 pm
an auction  


i'm currently participating in an auction to help out a wonderful author and creator, terri windling, who is at the moment in a time of financial need. from the  magick for terri journal": "beloved editor, artist and writer terri windling is in need, and we are asking for your help in a fundraising auction to assist her. this auction will combine donations from professionals and fans in an online sale to help terri through a serious financial crisis.terri is the creator of groundbreaking fantasy and mythic art and literature over the past several decades, ranging from the influential urban fantasy series bordertown to the online journal of mythic arts. with co-editor ellen datlow, she changed the face of contemporary short fiction with the year's best fantasy and horror and other award-winning anthologies, including silver birch, blood moon and the green man: tales from the mythic forest. her remarkable endicott studio blog continues to bring music, poetry, art and inspiration to people all over the world.terri windling and her family have been coping with health and legal issues that have drained her financial resources at a critical time. due to the serious nature of these issues, and privacy concerns for individual family members, we can't be more specific than that, but terri is in need of our support. as a friend, a colleague and an inspiration, terri has touched many, many lives over the years. she has been supremely generous in donating her own work and art to support friends and colleagues in crisis. now, terri is in need of some serious help from her community. who better than her colleagues and fans to rise up to make some magick for her?"my entry is at: http://magick4terri.livejournal.com/5457.htmlbasically i'm offering to write a short piece about your favorite tmi or id character or pairing — canon, non-canon, i don't mind, though nothing too filthy :) and only characters from my own work. i'll handwrite it out and send it to you, framed if you'd like to keep it as a memento. the starting price is $50 — it's for a great cause and there's lots of other awesome stuff up for auction; check it out!
 





 


 



25 october 2011 @ 05:52 pm
london and ireland events — an update  


wednesday, october 26: london (tomorrow!)foyle’s 1-3 pm113-119 charing cross road, london, wc2h 0ebwith sarah rees brennan*tel: +44 (0) 20 7437 5660october 27: dublin: 6pmeasons: 40 lower o’connell streetphone 01 858 3800with sarah rees brennan*october 28: galway: 4:30easons33 shop street galway, irelandi’ll be signing from 4:30 on.* technically these are ticketed events but only the pre-signing presentation is ticketed. you don't need tickets to show up and get your books signed, get the giveaway (signed copy of magnus' vow, tote backs, other cool stuff.) so just show up!
 





 


 



06 october 2011 @ 10:41 am
october teaser for clockwork prince  


october teaser for clockwork prince, for those who missed it when it was posted earlier on tumblr (where i've moved most of my blogging) .kindly illustrated for me by charlotte mattey, who said she could do it overnight, and did. :d---the voices were quite clearly those of the lightwood brothers. tessa recognized gideon’s lower, rougher tones as he said, “there will be a moment of reckoning, gabriel. you can depend upon it. what will matter is where we stand when it comes.”gabriel replied, his voice tense, “we will stand with father, of course. where else?” “you don’t know everything about him, gabriel. you don’t know all that he has done.”there was a silence through which tessa could almost hear gabriel sulking. at last he said, “if you despise father so much, why did you ever come back from spain?”gideon replied, sounding exasperated, “i came back for you —”sophie and tessa had been leaning against the door, ears pressed to the wood; at that moment, the door gave way, and swung open. both straightened hastily, tessa hoping that no evidence of their eavesdropping appeared on their faces.gabriel and gideon were standing in a patch of light at the centre of the room, facing off against each other. tessa noticed something she had not noticed before: gabriel, despite being the younger brother, was lankily taller than gideon by some inches. gideon was more muscular, broader through the shoulders. he swept a hand through his sandy hair, nodding curtly to the girls as they appeared in the doorway. “good day, miss collins, miss gray.”
 
35 comments | leave a comment




 


 



06 october 2011 @ 12:30 am
for those who've been wondering what the cover of cols will look like...  


go here.
 





 


29 september 2011 @ 11:04 am
finalized dates for the december clockwork prince us tour  


december 6-13 clockwork prince release tourtuesday december 06, 2011new york city: 7pmunion square33 east 17th street, new york, ny 10003, 212-253-0810this is the launch event for clockwork prince. there will be swag bags and prizes and other fun stuff.wednesday december 07, 2011long island 7:00 pm *with michelle hodkin!barnes & noble91 old country roadcarle place, nythursday dec 8: bethesda, md/washington, dc*with michelle hodkin5:00pmbethesda library7400 arlington rdbethesda, md*books sold by politics & prose202-364-1919friday dec 9: raleigh, nc7:00pmquail ridge bookstore3522 wade ave.919-828-1588saturday dec 10: greenville, sc4:00pmthe hangar at the runway cafe21 airport rd ext.greenville, sc*books sold by fiction addiction bookstore.* this is the south carolina event, so prepare to have your books stamped with a special stamp. and prepare for some very silly jokes.* 864-675-0540sunday dec 11: atlanta, ga4:00pmlittle shop of stories133a east court squaredecatur,gamonday december 12, 2011404-373-6300monday dec 12: nashville, tn: 7:00 pmbarnes and noble cool springs1701 mallory lane, brentwood, tn 37027, 615-377-9979*if you have questions about the events, please contact the bookstore where the event will take place! if the event is an offsite, please contact the store selling the books, such as fiction addiction, or politics and prose. hope to see you there!* *   for those not sure what to expect from a book signing, the post by "connie b." on this page is the best, most thorough description of it from the reader's viewpoint i've come across.
 





 


 



21 september 2011 @ 03:04 pm
on the topic of special content in clockwork prince  


"does will's letter to tessa contain anything spoilery for clockwork prince? should i read the letter before, or after, the book?"i'm guessing you mean the  barnes and noble special edition that has a letter from will to tessa in it.okay, first: all print first editions of clockwork prince in north america, the uk/ireland and australia/nz are going to come with a letter from will to his family, that he never sent, in the back. that's *all first editions." so any print first edition, wherever you buy it, will have the letter. indie stores, barnes and noble, etcetera. (i have asked about kindle/etc versions, but it looks like they won't have it.) you can tell the first edition because it says "collector's edition" on the front.* if you pre-order or buy within the first week or so, you will almost certainly get a first edition. it doesn't matter where you pre-order from. beyond that i genuinely don't know how to tell you to ensure that you get one. check the picture when you're ordering. if the cover says "special collector's edition" that's a first edition.more stuff:as above, barnes and noble in the us will be carrying their own special edition. it contains not just the letter from will to his family, but also an inscription from will to tessa in a copy of tale of two cities. the splash sticker on the front says "love letter" and i guess you could think of it that way, but it's definitely an inscription in a book. i'd advise not reading it until you finish cp because i think it will mean more when the book's over. otherwise i think it might just be confusing. (the edition is one of those 'it lasts till it sells out' things.)walmart is also going to be carrying their own special edition, so more 411 on that when i get more information. their special edition is going to be jem-centric and you can get it from them either in the store or online. [because no one expects anyone to buy more than one copy of the book, all this special content will be posted online after an exclusivity period of between 3-6 months.] my advice, just pick whatever your favorite it and get that, or get a regular first edition and read the content online when the exclusivity period's up.*all these materials are being made available to international publishers and i will keep you updated as to how they will be available outside north america.
 





 


19 september 2011 @ 11:15 am
goodreads giving away 100 clockwork prince arcs  


so, for those of you who entered the cp arc contest and didn't win, remember when i said there'd be another opportunity to win advanced reader copies of clockwork prince and that i'd announce it monday? well, monday is upon is. and  goodreads is giving away 100 clockwork prince arcs.now first i just have to say i didn't know about this contest when i started my contest! i found out about it about halfway through but i didn't want to stop the contest while people were in the middle of drawing, photo-ing, vidding, and so forth — and the contest here was open internationally which the goodreads contest is not. and the contest was so much fun for both people who entered and people who were just watching and admiring! it was great to see the outpouring of love and creativity, so thank you for that.i was quite surprised when s and s told me they were doing this giveaway with gr — there are such a limited quantity of arcs, so aside from the ones set aside for sales accounts and specific reviewers, this is basically it. all the rest of the arcs are up for grabs on goodreads — all you need is a goodreads account and to click "enter to win." http://www.goodreads.com/giveaway/show/14715-clockwork-prince good luck!
 





 


 

 


go earlier
viewing most recent entries


 
 





























