     ford dealer in augusta, ga | used cars augusta | gerald jones ford                                






                                                gerald jones ford        sales 706-408-0895    service 706-408-0914  parts 706-408-0923      3480 wrightsboro roadaugusta, ga 30909                                service        map        contact                      gerald jones ford           call 706-408-0895   directions                  home   new   search inventory   search new work trucks   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   get pre approved   2024 ford maverick   ford protect     custom order   work trucks   search work truck inventory   f-150   f-250   f-350   transit   transit connect   cab chassis   commercial emergency   fire trucks     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   sell us your vehicle   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   get pre-approved   the ford blue advantage   certified pre-owned overview     sell/trade   specials   new specials   service & parts specials   regional incentives   manufacturer specials   featured vehicles    sell/trade     service & parts   service department   schedule your service   main service   tires   tire care advice   brake service advice   oil change advice   alignment advice   battery service advice   shop ford parts   parts brand   ford accessories   fordpass   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   ford truck shop     finance   finance department   payment calculator   value your trade   get pre-approved   sell/trade     about   our dealership   meet our staff   ford history   customer reviews   career opportunities   gj ford video gallery     contact   contact us   hours & directions                     home   new   search inventory   search new work trucks   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   get pre approved   2024 ford maverick   ford protect     custom order   work trucks   search work truck inventory   f-150   f-250   f-350   transit   transit connect   cab chassis   commercial emergency   fire trucks     pre-owned   search inventory   vehicles under 25k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   sell us your vehicle   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   get pre-approved   the ford blue advantage   certified pre-owned overview     sell/trade   specials   new specials   service & parts specials   regional incentives   manufacturer specials   featured vehicles    sell/trade     service & parts   service department   schedule your service   main service   tires   tire care advice   brake service advice   oil change advice   alignment advice   battery service advice   shop ford parts   parts brand   ford accessories   fordpass   ford pickup & delivery   mobile service   ford truck shop     finance   finance department   payment calculator   value your trade   get pre-approved   sell/trade     about   our dealership   meet our staff   ford history   customer reviews   career opportunities   gj ford video gallery     contact   contact us   hours & directions               















    inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       






  








search new











search used











value your trade











schedule service











view specials









      search new inventory     search used inventory        









search
new











search
used











value your
trade











schedule
service











view
specials









                                                                                                disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                 
 







popular models




mustang




crossover & suv




truck & van














mustang





escape





explorer





f-150













mustang









bronco





escape





edge





explorer





expedition









f-150





f-250





f-350





f-450





transit








     

     

f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 40 straight years.
it's not luck. and it isn't coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability. 
find yours


      





commercial fleet, emergency vehicles, and fire trucks
this isn't just a vehicle. it's a saver of life and property. every item on this vehicle must function at the highest level - at all times! gerald jones ford is one of the few fire truck dealers in georgia. we have a large inventory of emergency vehicles (heavy and medium trucks; pumper, tanker and brush trucks) and complete programs to help you lease or purchase a fire truck for your organization. we can outfit your truck with all the necessary emergency vehicle equipment (light bars, sirens, etc.) so the vehicle you drive away is ready to go to work.


emergency vehicles


 fire trucks




          sales hours      monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday closed  the gerald jones stores will be closed: thanksgiving day christmas day new years day      welcome to gerald jones ford in augusta, ga we are located in augusta, ga, and proudly serve all of the surrounding areas, including evans, martinez, fort gordon, waynesboro, clearwater, belvedere, aiken, thomson, appling, langley, graniteville, and more! here at gerald jones ford, we have an extensive inventory of new, used, and certified pre-owned fords. if there is a particular model that you are looking for, you can find it here! and if for some reason we don't have a certain trim level that you're looking for, we can get it for you. learn more        



follow us


                       


            gerald jones ford welcome to gerald jones ford! our family owned dealership prides itself on our strong integrity and commitment to family values, which means that when you shop with us, you become part of our extended clan. a vast selection of new and used vehicle with a convenient location in augusta, georgia, gerald jones ford is poised to offer area residents with quality ford models. whether you're shopping for a ford f-150, escape, explorer, edge, fusion, focus, fiesta, or other model, our impressive inventory of new vehicles includes your favorite models. prefer a used car? gerald jones ford offers a variety of pre-owned makes and models. browse our website to see what we currently offer. alternatively, if you don't see what you're looking for, fill out our carfinder form so we can be on the lookout for the vehicle that meets your needs. our fleet staff ensures you have the commercial vehicles your business needs gerald jones ford also specializes in fleet sales, providing fire, police, emergency, and commercial vehicles. our expert fleet sales team can analyze your business or organization's requirements and match them with the right vehicles, even if you need a custom configuration. purchasing commercial vehicles can seem like a chore, but at gerald jones ford, we make the process as easy and convenient as possible.   auto financing made simple once you've found the right car, our financing department will help match you with suitable loan terms based on your needs and budget. we work with a variety of local and national lenders, giving us flexibility when it comes to financing your new vehicle. the finance team at gerald jones ford works with all types of credit, including poor credit and no credit. no matter your situation, we can secure you an affordable car loan that suits your finance needs. hoping to refinance an existing loan? our finance team can help you refinance your auto loan or adjust the terms of your contract. simply give us a call or visit our finance center today. full service department buying a new or pre-owned vehicle is just the first step in responsible car ownership. having your vehicle regularly serviced is necessary to ensure its optimum performance, which is why we provide our customers with a state-of-the-art service center. from oil changes and tire rotations to transmission replacements and more extensive repairs, the service center at gerald jones ford is capable of handling every service need. our certified technicians are dedicated to maintaining top-tier customer service for both new and pre-owned car buyers. even if you didn't purchase your vehicle from us, we're happy to help maintain it. we also offer a comprehensive inventory of genuine oem parts, so if you're looking to customize your vehicle, our parts center can help. experience gerald jones ford's family centered approach for yourself. stop by our dealership today to meet our friendly sales staff or contact us to make an appointment. we look forward to serving you and making you part of the family!       although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures gerald jones ford | 3480 wrightsboro road, augusta, ga 30909 | sales: 706-408-0895 |                
































                  