












موقع التفسير:متخصص في القرآن الكريم وعلومه وكتب التفاسير















































 



 quran & recitations


 the tafsirs 


 science of recitations 


 quranic science 


 misc. books 


 translations 


 search 


 registration 





 forum 


 testimonies 


 rare recitations 


 similar verses



 



ask mufti
ask mufasser
what is islam and why?
love in the holy qur’an
tafsir al-kashani

rashid al-din maybudis kashf al-asrar
abu'l-qasim al-qushayri's lataif al-isharat
tafsir al-tustari
asbab  al-nuzul by al-wahidi
tafsir al-jalalayn in english
tafsir ibn-'abbas in english
the holy qur'an: translations of selected verses by martin lings

			the holy qur'an: aal al-bayt institute translation
translation of quran by laleh bakhtiar the sublime quran




  










"
      we were delighted by viewing this site wherein we found a sea of knowledge copiously flowing with works of exegesis and the fundamental references and sources in this primary field of the islamic sciences and heritage."
      

     professor ahmad al-tyyib 
rector. al-azhar university

      





  "bismillah,  all praise is due to allah! asslamu alaikum dear brothers.  as a convert of almost 10 years and living in las vegas, our masjead had little help for new converts so i relied on the internet. i wanted to thank you for such an informative as well as beautiful interface of this site!  may allah reward everyone involved.
jezakallhu kair,"



br. ali ciski
  




"altafsir.com is arguably the best and most reliable website on the qur'an and tafsir"
sheikh faraz rabbani




"the altafsir website provides an immensely valuable access to many of the sciences of the quran … any student of the quranic sciences would find the website indispensable …"
 
jubril alao, www.salaam.co.uk 




"i had the pleasure of visiting your excellent website altafsir.com. i'd like to express my gratitude to your organization for making such a valuable scholarly resource accessible. i'll make sure to include a link to your website in the new upcoming revision of columbia university library's middle east website." 
hossein kamaly, columbia university.




"masha allah, it is a very good effort. i will ask my students to visit your web site because there are lots of benefit they can get from there. congratulations."
professor zulkifli, university of malaya. 




"jazaka allah khayra for the kind gift of introducing me to this site."
professor mawil izzi dien, university of wales, lampeter.




"i did browse altafsir extensively today and mashaallah, there’s some very serious work done there. may allah bless everyone who were involved in this noble project." 
shakeel, www.islamicity.com




"i wanted to say jazakum allah khayran to all of you folks for providing this valuable service to muslims. being a scholar of islam, i find this site to be indispensable when researching qur’anic tafseer matters. you have saved me a lot of time and money by offering this service. this is the best site on the internet for the tafseer of the qur’an. keep up the great work you are doing."
(shaykh) nazim mangera, texas, usa




"your website is one of the most accurate and authentic websites aimed at servicing god's holy book (quran), its commentaries (tafsirs), and related sciences. may god bless you and reward your great efforts on this sanctified work." 
abo alhasan alfalooji




"your website is every quranic scholar's dream come true. i came across it by chance and am now in my 2nd hour enjoying the contents thereof!... " 
ismail gardee







welcome to the most comprehensive
online quranic resource


altafsir.com is a completely free, non-profit website providing 
			access to the largest and greatest online collection of qur’anic 
			commentary (tafsir or tafseer), translation, recitation and 
			essential resources in the world. 
          
			
			it was begun in 2001 by the royal aal al-bayt institute for islamic 
			thought, jordan. today the website is fully operational in arabic 
			and english and provides the original arabic texts of 150 or more 
			books of qur’anic commentary, interpretation and explanation (tafsir 
			or tafseer), recitation (tajwid) tutorials and hadith collections, 
			and other fields, pertaining to the study of qur’anic exegesis. 
			translations of the meanings of the qur’an are currently available 
			in 24 different languages, and in several cases more than one 
			translation is available. the site also includes audio qur’an 
			recitations; resources on qur’an syntax; resources on the contexts 
			of revelation (asbâb al-nuzûl); resources on the meanings of words 
			found in the qur’an, and other works on the qur’anic sciences. it 
			contains over a million pages of qur’anic commentary and 
			translation. some of the texts presented here exist only as 
			manuscripts and have never previously been published in book form 
			despite their historical importance and influence. altafsir.com is 
			thus a complete website for the study of the qur’anic sciences.
            

			in addition to presenting the standard classical and modern 
			commentaries on the holy qur’an (tafsir or tafseer) texts of all 
			eight schools of jurisprudence, the site also contains works of 
			various mystical, philosophical, linguistic and theological 
			currents. moreover, the first time in one place, comparative studies 
			between the shafi‘i, hanafi, maliki, hanbali, ja‘fari, zaydi, ibadi 
			and thahiri schools can be carried out complete with multi-screen 
			displays and search programs. 
			

			through an enormous scholarly labour, each of the qur’anic 
			commentaries (tafsir or tafseer) has been typed in, word by word, 
			individually, and at least triple checked by different teams of 
			scholars—none have been scanned in—in order to make it possible, 
			through the use of the latest technology, to search and 
			cross-reference for single words or groups of words, hadiths, or 
			qur’anic verses anywhere on website database.
            

			the on-going third and final phase of altafsir.com will see the 
			addition of english translations of a number of classical qur’anic 
			commentaries (tafsir or tafseer) specially commissioned by the 
			project, by leading international translators. prior to altafsir.com 
			no complete, unabridged quality translation of a classical qur’anic 
			commentary (tafsir or tafseer) into english had ever been published! 
			altafsir.com has commissioned the translations of: (suyuti and 
			mahalli’s) tafsir al-jalalayn; the tafsir of ibn ‘abbas; the 
			asbab al-nuzul of al-wahidi; the tafsir of al-tustari; the 
			tafsir of 
			baydawi, and the tafsir of kashani into english; and the translation 
			of tafsir, al-bahr al-madid for ibn ‘ajiba’, into english and french. 
			it has also commissioned a modern scientific tafsir of the qur’an by 
			professor usman bakr of malaysia. future plans include the 
			translation into english of nasafi’s tafsir and of the great 
			tafsir, 
			mafatih al-ghayb, of fakhr al-din al-razi. all the translated 
			qur’anic commentaries are unabridged, and totally unchanged apart 
			from corrections in spelling or editing mistakes. altafsir.com never 
			adjusts or changes original works, even when they do not reflect the 
			opinions and beliefs of the royal aal al-bayt institute for islamic 
			thought. the reader or scholar can make up their own minds. the 
			mission of altafsir.com is to give them the complete resources to do 
			that, free of charge, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, anywhere in 
			the world, at the touch of a button.
            

			additional resources include a user-friendly interface for the study 
			and comparison of all the established variant readings (qira’at) and 
			tonal keys (maqams) of qur’an recitation. for students of tajwid and 
			researchers alike, the differences between the warsh, hafs and other 
			modes of recitation are a mouse-click away, in the voices of the 
			islamic world’s most beloved qur’an reciters. the audio-video format 
			will aid users in memorizing the qur’an and also in studying and 
			applying the rulings and variations in recitation styles. 
			

			since 2006 altafsir.com has also become the most popular and most 
			visited qur’anic commentary (tafsir or tafseer) website in the 
			world. it is a unique and invaluable qur’anic studies resource that 
			facilitates a better understanding and appreciation of the sacred 
			text of the islamic faith—the holy qur’an.
            



 visitors have visited this site since 1.1.2025  visitors have visited this site in 2024              visitors have visited this site in 2023              visitors have visited this site in 2022             






 



					  القرآن والتجويد 
            
 
				التفاسير 
			

 
				علم القراءات
            
 
				علوم القرآن 
			
 
                 كتب متفرقة 
            
 
                 تراجم 
            
  
				بحث وفهارس   
            
 
			   تسجيل 
			


						حوار 
 
                 إشادات 
            
 
                 قراءات نادرة 
            
 
		الآيات المتشابهات
        


   
   

 
 الحب في القرآن الكريم
 ورد القرآن اليومي
 القرآن الكريم على الموبايل
اسأل المفتي
اسأل المفسر

 الجزرية
 تحفة الأطفال
 كتاب الفضائل
 دعاء الخائف
 بيان الفرق







al tafsir.com - tafseer holy quran, quran translations, quran recitations, quran interpretation (tafseer), and quran sciences.
al tafsir.com - tafseer holy quran, quran translations, quran recitations, quran interpretation (tafseer), and quran sciences.






