     grainger honda dealership near savannah, ga                             








                                              grainger honda        sales 912-790-5444    service 912-790-5444  parts 912-790-5444      1596 chatham parkwaygarden city, ga 31408                                      service        map        contact                       grainger honda            call 912-790-5444   directions                      new   search inventory   virtual showroom   schedule test drive   find my car   value your trade   why buy a new car from grainger honda?   we buy cars   2024 honda prologue    video offers     used   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   honda certified pre-owned vehicles for sale in garden city, ga   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   why buy a grainger used vehicle   we buy cars   pre-owned specials     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   offers     service & parts   service department   order parts   schedule service   honda recalls     finance   finance department   payment calculator   credit application   grainger financing     about us   our dealership   careers   honda news   contact us   dealer information   hours & directions     🔋 ev hub                   home   new   search inventory   virtual showroom   schedule test drive   find my car   value your trade   why buy a new car from grainger honda?   we buy cars   2024 honda prologue    video offers     used   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   honda certified pre-owned vehicles for sale in garden city, ga   schedule test drive   quick quote   find my car   value your trade   why buy a grainger used vehicle   we buy cars   pre-owned specials     specials   new specials   pre-owned specials   offers     service & parts   service department   order parts   schedule service   honda recalls     finance   finance department   payment calculator   credit application   grainger financing     about us   our dealership   careers   honda news   contact us   dealer information   hours & directions     🔋 ev hub         

 


    

















search new
go 










search used
go 










schedule service
go 










trade appraisal
go 










     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory            our vehicles  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      accord      civic      cr-v      cr-v hybrid      hr-v      passport      pilot      prologue      odyssey      ridgeline     explore all new inventory        



ready for great prices and better benefits? see hondatrue certified models that have been through an 182-point inspection and come with extensive warranties.
search certified













vehicles under 15k
accessible and versatile, our cars, trucks, and suvs under $15k are perfect commuting models for any driver or family.
view inventory



     

                    
      

2025 honda pilot
the most powerful three-row suv in honda history, the 2025 honda pilot sets the bar for rugged and capable three-row suvs. explore trim levels with extraordinary style and a continued dedication to safety.


search new


search used




















       




grainger honda
serving the community of garden city, ga
welcome to grainger honda! we value your experience when you visit our showroom near savannah, ga. that's why we prioritize elevating your customer journey with upbeat employees who keep in touch. whether you want to test-drive a honda cr-v, tour a well-maintained inventory of pre-owned models, or make an appointment at our service center, you'll find what you need at our location near hilton head island, sc. get flexible financing and lease plans with a friendly team of honda professionals at our showroom, or shop our online inventory to see the variety yourself!
more about us




    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 7:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 7:00pm    sunday closed  *holiday hours* closed for thanksgiving 11/28       service hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm     saturday closed    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm     saturday closed    sunday closed        







     

stay in touch

                            
          

your reliable honda dealership in garden city, ga
welcome to grainger honda, your local honda dealer that's proud of the impact we've had on our community. our incredible team prioritizes your needs, giving you up-to-date information on vehicles in our lot, the status of your service appointment, and anything else you may need at our location near savannah, ga! whether you're looking for a honda cr-v dealer or a honda parts dealer, you'll love what you find at our store!
if you've been asking, "is there a trusted honda dealer near me?" then we're the answer. explore some of the highlights of working with our team before you visit us!


new honda car dealership
the first stop at our dealership is our premium showroom. when you check our new honda inventory, you'll see a wide-ranging selection of models perfect for any driver and any family size. explore popular compact suvs, legendary names in the world of sedans, and much more!


honda hr-v


honda civic


honda accord


honda cr-v


honda pilot

honda passport
honda prologue
honda odyssey
honda ridgeline

you can see financing offers in our showroom in
savannah, ga
, or explore them online. when selecting a lease, dealership benefits like flexible term durations and mileage limitations are made crystal clear – letting you choose between payment plans or financing opportunities.


used car dealership serving garden city, ga
alternatively, if you want pre-owned vehicles of similarly heightened quality, every member of our used inventory in garden city, ga, is ready for a test drive! find yourself the perfect car, truck, or suv that matches your family's needs while settling nicely in your budget. for example, as a new and used honda accord dealer, we can provide expert advice on sedan selection for your new teen driver or an suv with enough space for the whole family to relax.
if you see any of our vehicles that are part of our honda certified pre-owned program, you're in for an incredible drive. these vehicles undergo an extensive 182-point inspection to prepare them for your garage. then, when you take one home, you'll enjoy a comprehensive warranty and plenty of other benefits with it.
any new or used vehicle from our local honda dealer near hilton head island, sc, is a consistent, reliable, and safe commute supported by a technical team that knows honda models inside and out.




honda service dealership
once you've selected the honda to upgrade your day-to-day, our service center is here to make maintaining your elevated drive straightforward. get help from licensed honda technicians who know your model from the front to the back. we'll replace your components with factory-fresh parts that perfectly fit any honda car, truck, or suv you bring to our department! our diagnostic technology finds problems before they happen, keeping repair costs down and helping your honda stay road-ready.
whether you need components for an older honda engine or add-on accessories to make your next adventure even more memorable, you can order honda parts from our dealership! we can also install anything you'd like.


why buy from our honda dealership?
what makes our dealership near hilton head island, sc, a prime location to shop new and used honda vehicles? the moment you walk into our showroom, you'll be greeted by the smiling face of a honda garden city, georgia, representative. our team is well-known in the community near
hilton head, sc
, for their incredible mindfulness and optimistic attitude. you'll always have someone to talk to about your perfect car, truck, or suv so they can guide you to the honda model or used vehicle that matches your ideal description.
when you visit our finance center, you won't just get some of the best financing on new and used vehicles in the business. you'll get help from our expert team members, who specialize in crafting lease contracts and payment plans that get you into the honda model of your dreams.
our new honda specials give you limited-time prices on the most popular options in our inventory. you'll be able to upgrade trim level, choose your ride quality, and even equip add-ons using these discounts designed for drivers near savannah, ga.


visit grainger honda to see for yourself
our expansive inventory and talented crew are best experienced in person. please feel free to schedule a test drive with our honda dealer in garden city, ga, to meet our representatives and see why we're so proud of our team. whether you want to bring a new member of your garage home or fix up your trusted commuter with our equally trustworthy technicians, a visit to our lot will prove just how dedicated we are to your convenience.
however, if you have a bit more research to do, explore our webpage. you can learn about us, scan through a variety of trim levels and colors, or read more about the benefits of the hondatrue certified+ program.


                 copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | grainger honda | 1596 chatham parkway, garden city, ga 31408 | sales: 912-790-5444             












  

















          