


center for parental responsibility















center for parental responsibility
p.o. box 130776
roseville, mn 55113  


voicemail: (651) 490-9277
info@cpr-mn.org contact us 




moncler outlet online shop


 





news










new page 1




<





cpr tv: family law reform network



all epidodes now available on web-streaming! (click for details)
have you experienced a lack of justice in family court? do you wonder why 
there is a lack of confidence in the judiciary? these tv shows are educational
and provide an excellent summary of the problems created by the family law system 
and solutions to those problems.



schedule of cpr tv station and airtime details in your local area (click for details)




order form for ordering tapes and dvds of cpr tv shows or sunday meetings





new radio spot: family court destroys families and exploit children

a 60-second radio spot has been produced specifically to expand awareness of the damaging effects 
of family courts, and attract members, volunteers, and other supporters, in order to acceelerate our 
progress and accomplish our family law reform projects. 


are you in mn? you can make a difference by contacting any radio station and email the link to this
to this radio spot. some radio stations will charge to tun this ad. other radio stations offer free
psa's (public service announcements) for non-profit organizations. contact cpr founder molly k olson
at 651-490-9277 for details.


from another state? family law reform groups in other states are encouraged to use this radio spot.
we can replace the cpr contact information with your local family law reform group. contact family law
reform network at 888-771-0013 for details.


special thanks to seeber video and film for the donation of volunteer time required to produce this spot.




new 2007 book exposes family court.


 taken into custody, by dr. stephen baskerville, a highly credentialed political scientist, 
is the most comprehensive expose yet published by a major publishing house on the depredations of
the divorce industry. this is the first book from a major publisher that has been permitted to speak
the unvarnished truth about the divorce machinery: its voracious appetite for children, parents, and
families. the result is a major breakthrough in exposing the greatest civil rights abuse of our time
and the most repressive government machine (family law) ever created in the united states.

for examples of the kind of frothright prose you can expect in this book, 

see my 70+ articles in reputable
scholarly and current affairs publications on my website

taken into custody: the crisis of fatherhood and marriage, table of contents:
judicial kidnapping, divorce and the constitution, deadbeat dads or plundered pops, 
fathers and feminism, the politics of fatherhood, ending the war.
order book on www.amazon.com
  



project mission:


to help remove the obstacles that prevent both parents from being fully and 
equally involved in the lives of their children.
  


weå œooking to 
support you if you have divorce/paternity issues with:

1)     
parenting time

2)     
legal or physical custody

3)     
government intrusion 

4)     
excessive child support

5)     
a desire to advocate for family law reform
 
watch cpr tv from 8:30 to 9:30 pm every 
wednesday on metro cable channel 6
promote the show by
printing 
and distributing flyers
 
 

your steps toward 
involvement in cpr: 
step 1:
complete intake form
step 2: 

become a member/meet with a cpr expert
step 3:free 
monthly meetings: william mitchell college of law (see "member meetings" page for details)
step 4: 
write your story 
step 5: 

volunteer your time and 
talents to cpr  
step 6: 
meet with your state county 
commissioner/legislators/us congress
step 7: 
financial support
step 8: 
help build grass 
roots public awareness  
step 9: walk with god
 
step 10: 
educate 
yourself/information is power 
ugg for cheap
ncaa jerseys for cheap



                                                                                                                                





 site is optimized for ie 5.0 and higher


disclaimer:

the viewing of material from this site, the exchange of 
mail, and/or other communications with cpr does not constitute legal 
advice. cpr makes no representation or warranty regarding the resources 
or other professionals to which or from which this site is linked. the 
information at this site is provided as educational public service. 
however, it may not be relevant to your situation and is not intended to 
replace a thorough and proper consultation with a competent and 
experienced attorney.
