



bodyshopology - look for the gold class ® logo!
































newsroom


about bodyshopology


bodyshopology buzz


our partners


about gold class training


about i-car





















find your body shop
 



 


don't be a wreck
we've done the work for you!
not all body shops are created equal
cost and location aren't the only things you should consider when looking for a repair shop after you've been in an accident. your type of vehicle, the shop’s training and credentials are all other factors that should be considered. bodyshopology works with key partners to give you this information with the click of a button. use our shop locator to compare and select the body shop that fits your vehicle and your repair needs.




know your vehicle





training is important





credentials matter






know your vehicle


today’s vehicles are complex. they have new age materials and electronics that make each of them unique leading to specific repair procedures for every vehicle.it's more important than ever for a repair shop to have experience in repairing your specific vehicle. our body shop locator provides insight into a shop's capabilities when it comes to repairing certain vehicle makes.but, you should also consider asking the right questions upfront to gather further information on a shop's capabilities as it relates to your specific vehicle. check out our recommended questions on our blog.
what to ask your body shop








finding a trained body shop matters
knowing your vehicle is the first step in a proper repair, but understanding your shop's training history is just as important. did you know that there are no government regulations or licenses needed to repair a vehicle? so, this means that your haircut was done by a licensed professional, but the car you just picked up from the repair shop with your family may not be. our locator makes finding a body shop with trained and educated technicians easy, allowing you to get back on the road safely.







look for the gold class ® logo!
gold class is the collision repair industry standard for training. gold class shops stay up-to-date by training their staff annually which can be a contributing factor in performing complete, safe and quality repairs.having their shop’s estimators, non-structural, structural and refinish technicians trained contributes to providing a quality repair with efficiency that can save you time and money.
learn more about gold class





credentials matter, too
reviewing a body shop’s credentials can help you in your selection process. bodyshopology allows you to sort credentials that are important and specific to you and your vehicle. from vehicle manufacturer to training and insurance company networks, bodyshopology has it all in one convenient view. new credentials are added often so check back to see your shop’s most recent accreditations.





























































check out our blog for the latest tips, tricks, news and storiesthat can help guide you through your accident process andselect a body shop that’s right for you. 
see what the buzz is all about






keep us close by!
in your back pocket, purseor glove box...it’s ok;we’re not claustrophobic.
download and print reminder cards




who is i-car and what's their role








i-car is an international not-for-profit organization with a vision that every person in the collision repair industry has the information, knowledge, and skills required to perform complete, safe and quality repairs for the ultimate benefit of the consumer. i-car works with all segments of the collision repair industry including body shops, insurers, and vehicle manufacturers by developing and delivering collision repair training. 
learn more about i-car











find your body shop
 









about bodyshopology






bodyshopology buzz






about gold class






about i-car






 













copyright ©2025 i-car. all rights reserved.


updated terms and condtions


updated privacy policy


ad and cookie policy


cancellation policy
















