







british manufacturer & supplier of surgical instruments












  





















































































 















accountblogcatalogues facebooktwitteryoutubeinstagramlinkedinspotify 












productssolutionsserviceseducationaboutcontact & feedback 
quote builder 0 



 menu




general"nero" smooth cut scissorssterile services consumablesanchoring forcepsview allorthopaedicbone pins & wireshand & foot instruments and setsbohler stirrupsview allelectrosurgerybipolar forcepsbipolar scissors and cablesdiathermy speculumsview allneuro & spinalcurettesdissectorselevatorsview allcardio & thoracicatraumatic clampsforcepsmiscellaneousview allgynaecologycaesarean forcepscathetersclampsview allintestinalcholecystectomy forcepsclampscolectomy forcepsview allproctologyclampsdirectorsforcepsview allurologyforcepsmiscellaneousretractorsview allpost mortembone cutting forcepsbone holding forcepschiselsview allentartery forcepsaural forcepsburrsview allophthalmiccilia forcepsclips, calipers, knives, spoons, vectiscorneal forcepsview allplastic & oralbone cutting forcepschiselscurettesview alldentalnerve instrumentsextraction forcepsdental scissorsview allsingle-use products
best sellerssolutionssurgical holdings reusable instrumentationsterile kirschner wireship replacement surgery instrumentsdin baskets (bespoke, cmr)spinal retractor systemsspinal rongeursbookwalter retractorsymmetry® surgicalsmoke shark ii & smoke shark iiihermann laparoscopiclaparoscopic instrumentsarthroscopy instrumentationchirobloc hand immobiliser & accessoriesfiber optic light cables (light leads) sterilisation containersbovie electrosurgicalbissinger bitech bipolar scissorsbissinger bitech bipolar forcepstelic group medical consumablesdiateg insulation testinglight lead & endoscope testingendoscope anti-fog solutionsurgical instrument laser markertransonic ultrasound gelinstrument tray tagsecg electrodessingle patient use vec rangeheat sealerssurgical holdings veterinaryservicessurgifix customer portalsmart: surgical instrument repairorthopaedic power tool repairrigid endoscope repairelectrosurgery repairultrasound probe repairfull instrument tray refurbishmentmetallurgic failure analysismedical engineering (ebme)non-medical serviceseducationwebinars & podcastshistory of surgical instrumentssurgical instrument tray listsvalue-based procurementpurchasing guidereprocessing & decontaminationhow to use surgifixprotein reductionsurgical scissorsduo finish instrumentseducational products - rick schultzaboutquality systemsour steelssustainabilityour carbon reduction planlabour standards ethical policydistributorscareers opportunities apprentice schememeet the teamvirtual tourmodern slaverywhistleblowing policyterms & conditions of sale 





british manufacturer of surgical instrumentsestablished supplier with over 30 years experiencebritish instrument, scope & power tool repair







surgical instrument repairour surgical instrument repair service is the smart choice - book, manage and monitor repairs online with our surgifix system. 18-month warranty as standard on instrument repairs.read more surgical instrument refurbishment'before and after' - at surgical holdings, we are able to offer a complete refurbishment service at a fraction of the price of new instrumentation. we focus on restoring surface finish and functionality.read more rigid endoscope repair serviceour rigid and semi rigid scope repair workshop, offers repair on a wide range of brands. we carry out minor repair works, such as lens replacement and major repair works including complete refibre, in house. read more orthopaedic power tool repairorthopaedic power tool repair at surgical holdings include replacement of bearings, electric board revision, speed button, revision of battery contacts and lubrication and sealing. read more surgical smoke evacuationsmoke shark ii surgical smoke evacuation systems (as supplied by surgical holdings in the uk) are intended to evacuate and filter surgical smoke plume and aerosols created by the interface.read more hermann laparoscopicexclusive distributor for the prestige hermann range of german manufactured laparoscopic & endoscopic instruments.read more sterile kirschner wireskirschner wires & arthrodesis wires with a 5-year shelf life. kirschner wires are packed in their own individual pouches for protection and storage, with peel-off tracking labels.read more surgical instrument tray listsat surgical holdings, we have compiled some surgical tray lists, which from our experience include the most commonly used surgical instruments.read more din basket solutions & fixationsurgical holdings manufacture and stock all popular din basket sizes. we can also custom manufacture din and endoscope baskets, with suitably protective silicone fittings.read more reusable instruments: steel composition & coatingssurgical holdings stainless steel reusable instruments are manufactured in accordance with iso 7153/bs 5194 (stainless steels for surgical instruments) and tested to british standards.read more high-quality surgical scissorsat surgical holdings, we manufacture and supply a collection of the finest high-quality surgical scissors. we also provide a surgical scissor sharpening service.
 read more "nero" smooth cut scissors'nero’ is a high-performance scissor range, tested to 600 cycles without deterioration and the coating offering antifouling benefits through massively improved wettability.read more hand & foot surgerysurgical holdings presents a range of surgical instruments designed specifically for surgery on the hands and feet.read more bookwalter retractorthe bookwalter self-retaining retractor system supplied by symmetry surgical is the only genuine bookwalter on the market and is an example of symmetry`s continuous innovation.read more quadlock containersthrough symmetry surgical we can also provide exceptional sterilisation solutions with their ergonomically designed quad-lock sterilisation containers. read more 


award-winning manufacturer in surgical instruments

surgical holdings is the british surgical instrument manufacturer & repairer; focused on sustainable solutions, providing social value & educational development.
established in southend city 34 years ago...
surgical holdings care immensely about the work that we do, never forgetting that the instruments we create and repair are responsible for saving lives. we insist on controlling the quality of every item we manufacture, from the materials used to the rigorous procedures we apply to testing. our range of supporting products are serviced and repaired in-house, ensuring we are always able to exceed our customers’ expectations.
we partner with customers, using our expertise as highly skilled technicians to provide an unrivalled service, using only the highest quality steels to british and international standards, to unique patterns and designs. we also manufacture sterile kirschner wires and repair specialised products such as laparoscopic instruments and rigid endoscopes.
we provide solutions for our customers, to suit their needs; our market-leading surgical instrument tray refurbishment service respects the need to carefully manage the hospital budget, refurbishing instruments to an ‘as new’ standard, whilst also addressing potential protein adhesion risk, reworking the surface of the devices, removing scratches, crevices and passivating.
our high-end surgical instrument repair and refurbishment services cover surgical instruments, laparoscopic instruments, electrosurgery, air tools, power tools and rigid endoscope repair are carried out in our purpose-built rigid scope repair workshop.
our business remit has developed significantly in recent years and we now distribute other specialised ranges including hermann laparoscopic instruments, bissinger bipolar instruments and the symmetry surgical range including the world-renowned bookwalter retractor and thomas codman surgical instrumentation, including heritage brands malis and rhoton.
surgical holdings have been awarded a place on the nhs supply chain framework agreement for reusable surgical instruments, laparoscopic instruments and orthopaedic implants. we are also on the north of england nhs commercial procurement collaborative framework agreement for the repair of surgical instruments.
we are committed to improving labour standards throughout our supply chain through our level 3 accredited labour standards assurance system.
our mission:
to sustainably manufacture, service and distribute medical devices for the uk healthcare sectors and export partners worldwide. expertly working to our specialisms, whilst promoting education and continual development of our employees. we maintain our dedication to our safety, unique skills, products and services
our values:
education, transparency, family, passion & resourcefulness
our vision:
to be recognised by our stakeholders as the most passionate, authentic and knowledgeable surgical instrument manufacturer and service provider in the uk.


an insight into how our processes and focus on quality ensure your patients get the surgical instruments they deserve, whilst your department gets value for money.
download quality time pdf


each one of our close-knit team is treated as a valued family member. our team members stay with us for many years, learning new skills and building lasting careers.
download safety in numbers pdf






frequently asked questions

how many different types of surgical instrument are there?
there are over 5000+ different types of instruments, ranging from simple single piece instruments to more complex retractors, all for different surgical uses, often coming in different lengths and shapes i.e. straight and curved.


what are the different classes of surgical instrument?
there are several classes of surgical instrument available from surgical holdings, from many well-known brands. the most common are as follows:

artery forceps - spencer wells, crile, halstead, heiss, cairns, adsons, dunhill, moynihan, lawson tait, roberts, fraser kelly, rochester pean.
dissecting forceps - waugh, adsons, dunhill, gillies, jeans, mcindoe, treves, jackson burrows.
tissue forceps - allis, littlewood, babcock, duval, lanes, rutherford morrison, shaw.
clamps - blalock, dieffenbach, debakey, satinsky, derra, cooley.
retractors - travers, west, goligher, miles, pozzi, gelpi, collin, berkeley, gossett's, jol, balfour, norfolk & norwich, irwin, kocher, weitlander, volkmann.
scissors - littler, kilner, mayo, mayo harrington, metzenbaum, boyd, heath, strabismus, fergussons, thomas strabismus.
needle holders - mayo-hegar, derf, halsey, macphail's, mathieu, rochester mayo, kilner, bruce clarkes, crile wood, lawrence, norton morgan. 
towel clips - spring, jones, shardles, backhaus, moynihan, ball and socket.
dissectors and probes - macdonald, brodie, watson cheyne, jobson horne. 



what are surgical instruments made from?
most surgical instruments are manufactured from stainless steel. previously before stainless steel, they would have been manufactured from carbon steel and plated. this was not ideal as the plating could flake off.


how are surgical instruments named?
the nomenclature of surgical instruments are defined normally by the inventor of the instrument, followed by where the instrument is used and finally the type. for instance in the case of the spencer wells artery forcep, spencer wells is the original surgeon that invented the spencer wells back in the late 1800s, artery is where the device is used and finally, it is determined to be a 'forcep'.


what is the most effective way to reprocess surgical instruments?
you should always follow manufacturers guidance in the first instance, along with any local protocol such as htm 01-01.


is there such thing as a 'special' surgical steel for instruments?
no, there are stainless steels which are more suitable for use as surgical instruments, mostly defined as the 420 range of stainless steel (bs 5194).


why are my surgical instruments going rusty?
surgical instruments are made from stainless steel which contains iron and carbon. if left wet, they will rust or start to corrode. however, there are multiple potential issues that could also cause this such as blood/bioburden, chemistries used for washing, quality of sterilising steam, quality of washing water, passivation of the instrument.


are there any potential issues with laser marking surgical instruments?
yes! proceed with extreme caution. laser marking can expose free iron and if this free iron is not oxidised before the instruments are washed, they will show signs of rust. take advice from the abhi or your instrument company.


what is the difference between bipolar and monopolar instruments?
both are quite different. with monopolar the current flows through the patient, utilising a patient return pad. this can mean risks of burns is higher with monopolar. with bipolar, less energy is used and the circuit is created only by touching the instruments. bipolar is generally used in more delicate procedures. both instrument types are connected to a power source.



read more










surgical instruments


quote builder
account
acceptable use policycookie policyprivacy policyterms of website usedownloads 



products


generalorthopaedicelectrosurgeryneuro & spinalcardio & thoracicgynaecologyintestinalproctologyurologypost mortem 




accountblogcataloguescontact
facebooktwitteryoutubeinstagramlinkedinspotify 










parkside centre, temple farm industrial estate, southend-on-sea, essex ss2 5sj telephone:+44 (0)1702 602050
copyright © 2025 surgical holdings. all rights reserved. - website by silkstream


 










