


































wisdom from the tentacles of.....






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































jakesquid
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














jakesquid







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement










livejournal for jake squid.

view:user info.
view:friends.
view:calendar.

view:memories.
you're looking at the latest 20 entries. missed some entries?  then simply jump back 20 entries.









friday, may 2nd, 2008









subject:best six sentence sequence i've written all year...
time:1:45 pm.





nope, i got him 4 years ago.  the woman who gave me the tank gave me the fish along w/ it.  she said the pleco was 15 & the "upside down catfish" aka synodontis was 17.  the 2 silver dollars were 5.  so now they syn is 21 & the silver dollars are 9.  and the 2 gouramis are 4.it's just so weird looking, with the numbers and stuff and all.








friday, february 29th, 2008









subject:15 things i'd consider having on my gravestone
time:8:15 am.





1)  i'm dead2)  i'm dead and i'm not coming back3)  born, lived, died.  that's it.4)  necrophiliacs welcome5)  i'll feel better in a little while6)  ask me how i lost 50 pounds in 8 weeks7)  i win!8)  __ days without an accident9)  hello?  anybody?10) a little help?11) i've got a bad feeling about this12) i'm done with this conversation13) no trespassing14) well, fuck.15) what, no eternal flame?






comments: read 1 oradd your own.










saturday, february 9th, 2008









subject:go see david lindley
time:11:23 pm.





you should follow my advice.  especially if someone offers you a free ticket.  damn, he's good.  if you like blues or folk or traditional music.  if you enjoy lap slide guitar or bazuki or mandolin.  it's well worth the time.






comments: read 1 oradd your own.











subject:really?  i never would have guessed.
time:1:55 pm.





nobody i know wants a free ticket to david lindley at the aladdin tonight?  i figured somebody would say, "who?  eh, it's free, may as well give it a try."  seems weird to me.  but, then, i'm pretty well stuck in my own head, so who knows.also...show bonanza!!!!!!  whoooooooo!march 7 - the raveonettesmarch 12 - gogol bordelloapril 5 - sons & daughtersi've been looking for these 3 bands to be playing near me for years.  then i found the shows all in one swell foop.  yay!






comments: read 1 oradd your own.










saturday, december 29th, 2007









subject:how to sleep in airports, an invaluable resource
time:8:55 pm.





really:http://sleepinginairports.com/index.htm






comments: add your own.










thursday, december 27th, 2007









subject:who said that?
time:3:20 pm.





can you name the person who said the following?but when we quit to preachin’ and start to meddlin’ in some way, like when we start suggesting it’s a bad idea to hook up with men in the first place...bonus question:  why is that hypocritical and sadly funny?






comments: read 4 oradd your own.










monday, december 10th, 2007









subject:bigotry on display
time:7:57 pm.





anti-trans bigotry, in particular.  i called delphyne a bigot a couple of weeks ago & was roundly shouted down.  she displays it for herself in this thread:(don't read it if you don't want to read the same old gender essentialist crap she's been spewing for quite some time)http://ginmar.livejournal.com/1266826.htmli don't lie about this sort of thing.  i don't throw the word bigot around like confetti.  delphyne (and several other regulars at womensspace) are gender essentialist anti-trans bigots.  that goes against my understanding of radical feminism, but i may have more reading to do on the subject.






comments: read 5 oradd your own.










thursday, december 6th, 2007









subject:thanks, mitt
time:5:43 pm.





dear mitt,now that you have declared that atheists and secularists are the enemy of all religions, now that you have made it clear that all people who believe in made up, scary monster stories must band together against the evil secular atheists, you have helped me reach a decision i thought that i would never make.  when a major presidential candidate can say such a thing, when public displays of faith (pdfs) are a requirement for national candidates, we have reached a point where i must declare where i stand.  from this point onwards, i will never vote for anybody who is a member of any religion.  i declare myself to be against the belief in the imaginary and against the idea of having anybody who believes in fairy tales and ghost stories being in any position of power.  you wanted an enemy?  well, i am that enemy.  i will now put effort into repealing tax exemptions for religious institutions.  i will now put effort into banning any and all funding of all religious organizations.  i never cared all that much until today, until you showed me just how deluded and dangerous you all are.  i fully expect that i'd be the first up against the wall were you people king - even though i would not exterminate you and your delusions.  fuck you, mitt and fuck all those power hungry fuckers who demand theocracy.love,jake






comments: read 8 oradd your own.










thursday, november 15th, 2007









subject:sometimes a squid is just a squid.
time:11:44 am.





if you prefer, i could use this one.  have i mentioned how much i enjoy abuse spewing commenters?  that'll learn me.






comments: read 2 oradd your own.










wednesday, october 31st, 2007









subject:the annual halloween shopping trip
time:5:03 pm.





if you haven't done this before, you must.  for pure range of reactions nothing beats going to your local superdupermarket and purchasing a couple dozen apples and a few packages of double edged razor blades.  there is no need to purchase anything else.  if you wish to go for the furtive look, it is important to keep the number of other items to a minimum so that your primary purchases are easily noticed.have fun & fulfill your neighbors' fears.






comments: add your own.










tuesday, october 30th, 2007









subject:yet another example, in the near infinite list of examples, of why anti-choice is not pro-life
time:8:58 am.





http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/21255186/?gt1=10533from the article:women are just as likely to get an abortion in countries where it is outlawed as they are in countries where it is legal, according to research published friday...“the legal status of abortion has never dissuaded women and couples, who, for whatever reason, seek to end pregnancy,” beth fredrick of the international women’s health coalition in the u.s. said in an accompanying commentary.and it gets worse for the anti-choice attempt at charade:abortion accounts for 13 percent of maternal mortality worldwide. about 70,000 women die every year from unsafe abortions. an additional 5 million women suffer permanent or temporary injury.there's your effect of outlawing abortion.  same number of abortions, great increase in death & injury.  l'chaim!so, mr. bush, please show me where the compassion is in your "conservatism."






comments: add your own.










wednesday, october 10th, 2007









subject:mekons at the aladdin theater, portland 10/9/2007
time:6:33 pm.





yes, i did go.  thank you for asking.anyway...the aladdin is a really nice place to see a show.  it's a slightly run down theater that still has seats & a balcony and a really nice sound system.  it seats about 600, so it's pleasantly small without being cramped.i showed up at 7pm, just before the doors opened.  there was not a crowd waiting to get in.  including me, there were probably 10 people waiting for the doors to open.  strangely, i was the youngest one there for a looong time.  when it filled up, i would guess that about 2/3 of the audience was older than me.  i really didn't expect that.the sadies came on promptly at 8pm to open the show.  i had heard a vague description of them earlier, but had never actually heard them.  it turns out that they're rockabilly & bluegrass.  this was an acoustic show for them - their "real" show of the night was at 11pm at dante's.  the sadies consist of 2 brothers on guitar and vocals, a bassist and a drummer.  the rhythm section was hot.  since it was an acoustic show, they were on an upright bass and a snare played with brushes.  those 2 guys were absolutely solid.  the goode brothers wore somewhat dirty & rumpled suits to match their greasy longish rockabilly hairdos.  their opening number was really good - an instrumental rockabilly piece with nice interplay between the guitars.  the show went somewhat downhill when they started singing.  although they're competent singers, they're nothing to write home about.  they were, however, entertaining and likeable and the entire audience (of about 100 at that point) were appreciative.the mekons started to play a little after 9pm.  since this was "a quiet evening out with...", they were all seated in a semi-circle on stage.  there were 7 mekons and somewhere around 200 spectators in attendance.  nice for me and allowing me to sit front and center.  their drummer seemed to play a plywood box on which he sat for the show.  one woman sang and played some simple percussion and one woman played violin.  the other 4 consisted of a man vaguely reminiscent of marty feldman playing a couple of stringed instruments that i was unable to identify, a woman playing electric bass and, sporadically, a smallish guitar-like instrument, a man playing harmonica, accordian or guitar and another man playing guitar.they only played 3 songs that i had heard before (on their myspace page), but others in the audience were familiar with everything.  they were at their best with multiple singers - their harmonies were really nice.  it was a pleasure to hear true professionals having a good time.all in all, one of the best shows i've seen when not very familiar with the performers.next up for me?  why thanks for asking.  i'm strongly considering seeing sia at the doug fir lounge.






comments: add your own.










monday, october 8th, 2007









subject:shows.  yay!
time:11:53 am.





i think that the last show that i went to was the residents about 4 years ago.  i have time now.  and i can afford to go to shows.  this has been, by far, the longest i've gone between shows.  so tomorrow night i'm headed out to see the mekons.  if i'm lucky, nobody in portland has ever heard of them and i'll be one of very few people there.  good for me, not so good for the mekons.  who knows?  i'll probably report on the experience - my first time going to a show on my own, first time at the aladdin.i promised myself that when the house sold & we were debt free (free as the wind blows) that i'd go to one show a month.  i've got my december show picked out - shonen knife.  i need to figure out who i'll see in november.  if nobody that i just must see is around (or is sold out - yes, ween), i may see a local band like poncho luxurio.  or someone else that i don't know at all.  it can't work out as badly as the time i tried that with the psychedelic furs.






comments: read 2 oradd your own.










wednesday, september 26th, 2007









subject:a new thing
time:8:45 pm.





i tuned a guitar for the first time today.  it's a big deal for me, i've never tuned anything before.






comments: add your own.










tuesday, july 3rd, 2007









subject:ibm as/400 or iseries or eserver & hp printing & wscst
time:11:30 am.





just because finding the info has frustrated the shit out of me, i'm going to post all the links that i've found to be helpful with getting an hp 4250 (and, by extension, any of the hp 4 series of printers)here.  you'd think this stuff would be easier to find.i'll update this as i find more.if you find this helpful, please just leave a comment to let me know.  if you have anything that you think should be added, please let me know.when using a wscst, you may find that the first line prints much lower than you want it to.  so...changing the top and left margins - now called changing the initprt (initialize printer) tag to move text toward the top of the pagehttp://www-1.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=nas1ad82464922be9a12862565c2007d0dceon the hp 4 series of printers, the manual feed drawer defaults to drawer 1.  this sucks if you need to print on 2 different forms because your average splf, which prints on plain letter paper, is probably directed to drawer 1.  when drawer 1 is empty, the printer will pull from drawer 3 (which contains yellow paper).  feh. here is how to reassign drawers:drawer redirection for hp pcl5 compatible printershttp://www-912.ibm.com/s_dir/slkbase.nsf/1ac66549a21402188625680b0002037e/bbf048cc51f9d5b8c1256acd00555574?opendocument&expandsection=2%2c1&highlight=0,ricoh,tray,selection#_section2here's another ibm document on wscst modification that may be helpful:pre-built workstation customizing objects (wscsts) from ibm system i remote technical supporthttp://www-1.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?rs=0&context=swg60&dc=db520&dc=d900&dc=d800&dc=da900&dc=da800&q1=instructions+for+modifying+a+workstation+customizing+object+%28wscst%29+and+as400kbxxyyzzrch&uid=nas10174ae957ded967486257150005ac051&loc=en_us&cs=utf-8⟨=all"what about font control?" you ask.  well, take a look at this:controlling the font that host print transform (hpt) selects when performing computer output reduction (cor)http://www-1.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?rs=0&context=swg60&dc=db520&dc=d900&dc=d800&dc=da900&dc=da800&q1=instructions+for+modifying+a+workstation+customizing+object+%28wscst%29+and+as400kbxxyyzzrch&uid=nas1bd89fc1f4739e36886256690004c8b66&loc=en_us&cs=utf-8⟨=allthis link will give you a bunch of possibly helpful documents at ibm:http://www-912.ibm.com/improvedsearch/searchbroker?action=frommasthead&scope=iseries&q=instructions%20for%20modifying%20a%20workstation%20customizing%20object%20(wscst)&taskvalue=all&topicvalue=all&releasevalue=alland when line spacing is fucked up for you:manipulating line spacinghttp://www-1.ibm.com/support/docview.wss?uid=nas1c125625518c6abe0862565c2007d0dfcps:  it is important to note that if you do a rtvwscst for model *hp4000 and don't modify the source, create the wscst & use it for a rmtoutq, your output will not be the same as using *hp4000 for the rmtoutq.  how much does that suck?






comments: read 1 oradd your own.










monday, june 25th, 2007









subject:why do i have no sympathy for those poor, victimized men?
time:12:05 pm.





first, you should know that by "poor, victimized men" that i am referring to those at feminist critics and their ilk.  these are men who claim that the fault for their lack of success in dating women can be laid squarely at the feet of feminism.  their reasoning seems to be that feminism doesn't spend enough time addressing men's issues.  as if that is what feminism is all about.  they also seem blind to the possibility that their complaints are about the patriarchally enforced gender roles which feminism seeks to dismantle.  they complain about how feminism doesn't encourage women to take an active ("aggressive" or "aggressor" in their words) role wrt romantic or sexual encounters.  when it is pointed out to them that feminists do indeed make this encouragement, they then complain that they don't do it enough.when you read their own words, you come to realize that they are looking to place the blame for their shyness or awkwardness or social ineptitude anywhere but on themselves.  when you read their own words, it becomes clear that they believe that women are fundamentally different than men (and if that isn't a blind spot to, and conflating of, gender roles, i don't know what is).  when you read their posts and comments, it shows how they don't think that women are people in the same way that they are.don't get me wrong, i have tremendous sympathy for the shy, the awkward, the socially inept.  i am shy, often awkward and have been known to be socially inept on more than a few occasions.  i just don't have any sympathy to spare for the subset that can see no blame in themselves.  i have even less for the smaller subset of the aforementioned subset who blame women in general and feminism in particular for their lack of success in the romance department.  first off, guys, have some fucking idea about what feminism is and what it isn't.  i've seen you directed to the feminism 101 site, i've seen people give you links (in the hundreds) to educate you on your misconceptions.  yet you bray the same untruths over and over and over.  when you ask how to speak to women, you've been told, you've been given links to sites and books (dale carnegie, for example) that give good advice on how to speak to people.  women are people.  i know how hard it is for you guys to believe that.  it is so much easier to throw the blame if you can maintain the false belief that women aren't people like you are people.  if you can pretend that women (as opposed to gender roles) don't think the same as you, don't have the same motivations as you, are inscrutable, it is so much easier to say that the problem is women and not yourself.  also, if you can view a post like this as an ad hom personal attack, rather than a criticism of one particular aspect of yourself, you can go that much longer deflecting blame away from yourself.so, no, i have no sympathy for the denizens of fc and their brethren.  the fact that they are having little success in establishing romantic or sexual relationships with women is, to my mind, to the credit of women and an affirmation of the self-respect of women to the rest of humanity.






comments: read 19 oradd your own.










tuesday, june 5th, 2007









subject:a dream come true
time:8:15 pm.





you know nothing of ed fudim boxed meats and fabricated beef cuts and the mystery it played in the lives of a small, select set of suburban ny teens.we'd drive past it every time we loaded 8 or 12 people into the chevette and drove down to the village.  there it was - you could see it from the west side highway just before getting to the meat packing district and little w 12th st.  "what the hell is boxed meat?" we wondered aloud.  perhaps it's a typographical error?  or maybe "bo" is pronounced "fi".  ed fudim fixed meats and fabricated beef cuts made so much more sense.  but how can a beef cut be fabricated?  if it's fabricated, is it really a beef cut?  if they're fabricating beef cuts, it seems likely that ed fudim is fixing meat - perhaps meat that was broken when it was accidentally dropped.  so mysterious, so strange and it tied, tangentially, into my fantasies of meeting people at parties and when they asked what i did for a living responding, "i grade meat."  we wrote a song about ed fudim and his boxed meat and fabricated beef cuts.  it was one of the top 100 topics of conversation among us for years.and now, 20 some years later, i'm working for a boxed meat company.  so laugh all you want, it is a dream come true.






comments: read 11 oradd your own.










friday, may 25th, 2007









subject:if you're an atheist, just cut it out
time:11:38 am.





i couldn't resist reading this piece o' crap:http://msn.match.com/msn/article.aspx?articleid=4140&trackingid=516311&bannerid=544657&menuid=8&gt1=9983the bit that caught my attention was:leave some room for mystery. although i’ll never be convinced of the existence of a white-bearded biblical deity sitting on a heavenly throne, as an avid student of physics and cosmology, i’m open to the possibility of parallel universes and extra dimensions. so lately, rather than lecturing dates about my disbelief in god, i’ll allow that this world may not, in fact, be all there is. in my experience, this reassures gals that i do have a spiritual side, which is often what they really want to know.now, i'm as avid a laystudent of physics, astronomy and cosmology as you're likely to find.  i'm open to the possibility of parallel universes, yet that has no bearing on my spirituality.  i have none.(although, truthfully, your babble about "extra dimensions" reveals you as a liar.  no avid student of physics will merely be "open to the possibility of extra dimensions."  it seems pretty solid, from this laypersons reading & listening, that there are undoubtedly more than just the 4 dimensions that we perceive.  i'm willing to bet that you, bob, believe that we live in only 3 dimensions.)so, either this schmuck is telling atheists to lie to get laid or he's telling atheists to not be atheists.  either way he's an ass.well, bob, what should an atheist with no spiritual side do?  get a spiritual side which, after all, is only right and proper? or lie to get pussy?  great.  and what should atheist women (that's right, some atheists are women) do?  fuck you, bob.






comments: read 4 oradd your own.










monday, january 29th, 2007









subject:preliminary ramblings on corporal punishment
time:7:19 pm.





i grew up in a family in which corporal punishment was the punishment.  imitate mommy and say a bad word?  smack.  spill your drink?  smack.  disobey?  smack, smack, smack.  this philosophy goes back at least 2 generations on one side of my family.  was it effective?  if you define effective as, “corrected the targeted behavior so that it never happened again,” the answer is a resounding, “no!”  if, on the other hand, you define effective as, “instilled fear,” then the answer is, “yes.”it was only after i had turned 17 that i found that most of the people i knew had never been hit, spanked or beaten as punishment for childhood transgressions.  the rest of them had been spanked once or twice in their lives.  not surprisingly, all of them were at least as decent human beings as the average person.of the few people that i have met since who were also subjected to corporal punishment, i am by far the least damaged.  i don't agonize over how i was treated, i don't hate my parents, i don't wonder how they could do that if they really loved me.  of course, i was lucky in that they eventually saw the effect of what they were doing and stopped when i was 12 or 13.  later, they apologized.  none of this is to say that there are no major, lasting effects of the abuse.  there are.  i believe that many of the effects are typical and that a few are peculiar to me.i lived out my childhood in fear of being hit.  fear that if i broke any rule, i'd be beaten.  although, to be honest, that fear didn't stop me from breaking any rules and the attendant anger probably goaded me to break some rules.  it also resulted in my being an exceptionally violent child up until the time that my classmates became much larger than me.  i was taught that physical contact was painful and scary.  later on, i came to believe that any form of physical aggression was a bad thing.  i don't believe that those are good things to teach a child.  i believe, though this is speculation on my part, that if corporal punishment had not been the norm in my family that i never would have hit that little girl in the head with an enormous rock when i was four years old.  but i had been shown that violence was the way to interact with others and, being the jellybrain that four year olds are, i didn't have the critical thinking skills necessary to differentiate between non-lethal violence and potentially lethal violence.there are well documented methods of behavior correction and punishment that are both more effective and less damaging than corporal punishment.  one of the problems with beating a child is that the parent is often angry at the time.  sometimes, this anger can get out of hand and the adult can go farther than they intended.  from a child's point of view, there is no way out.  there is no way to avoid the impending pain and humiliation.  an adult is just so much larger, faster and stronger.  there is a kind of hopelessness that sets in when you know you are about to be beaten.  often there is the threat of a coming beating and the time lag between threat and action that heightens the child's stress and is a sort of additional mental abuse.as a parent, can you really not find a way to punish/teach about consequences in a way that doesn't involve physical violence?  if not, how do you interact with other adults?when you talk about corporal punishment, where do you draw the line?  3 swats on the ass with an open hand?  seven?  ten?  twenty, fifty, two-hundred?  is it okay to slap a child in the face?  how many times is acceptable?  how about a punch to the shoulder?  how about flicking them with a wet towel (rat-tail)?  is it acceptable to whip a child with a belt or a switch or a cane?  how many strokes before you get to abuse?  can you use the buckle end of the belt or not?  should you allow screams of fear or pain to lessen the number of blows?  if you are going to spank a child, is it okay to have them pull down their pants?  is it okay to have them pull down their underwear as well?  why is any of this acceptable punishment for a child, but not for an adult?there is a reason that the aap does not condone any form of corporal punishment.  it is because corporal punishment is, at best, as effective as other forms of punishment but, at less than best, is both ineffective and damaging.








thursday, december 14th, 2006









subject:on moderation...
time:10:31 am.





i limit myself to binge drinking.






comments: read 5 oradd your own.















livejournal for jake squid.

view:user info.
view:friends.
view:calendar.

view:memories.
you're looking at the latest 20 entries. missed some entries?  then simply jump back 20 entries.



































