






 



key west fishing charters on odyssea, capt. rush maltz : fly fishing, reef, wreck, key west deep sea fishing guide



































































skip to content



key west fishing with odyssea and captain rush maltz.
305-797-5060odyssea@me.comfacebook page opens in new windowtripadvisor page opens in new window


odyssea key west sportfishing
capt rush maltz


home key west fishingoffshore fishing reef & wreck fishing fly fishing swordfishing  book a trip capt rush odyssea photos videos swag 




 
home key west fishingoffshore fishing reef & wreck fishing fly fishing swordfishing  book a trip capt rush odyssea photos videos swag 








key west fishing charters aboard odyssea with captain rush maltz


catch the fish of your lifetime… experience key west fishing at its best!
your next key west fishing charter should be with an experienced guide. captain rush maltz is a ‘local’ key west fishing guide with year round experience fishing the local waters for a variety of offshore fish.
if you are an experienced deep sea angler, or just a weekend fisherman looking for a satisfying offshore fishing excursion, then key west fishing was designed for you. fish by day and enjoy the thriving social culture by night–a key west fishing trip will never leave you wanting for exciting opportunities to make the most of your stay. fish key west and enjoy the total experience that will have you making return trips for years to come.
key west fishing just doesn’t get any better!
enjoy my site. check out the fabulous fish we fish for here in key west, whether it’s inshore or offshore.
email or call me if you need more information about anything, or go ahead … book your key west fishing trip now for your next trip to the florida keys.





fish for a variety of offshore and inshore species including:





sailfish
wahoo
blackfin tuna
king mackerel (kingfish)
mutton snapper
pompano





permit
grouper
cobia
tarpon
yellowtail snapper
swordfish


emailcall or textinquire onlinereef & wreck charters
offshore
fly fishing
oceans edge marina and resort - home of odyssea sportfishinggo fishing in key west, fl with capt. rush maltz
call 305-797-5060
or use the booking page
booking inquiry










contact captain rush maltz305-797-5060
odyssea@me.comfind us on:facebook page opens in new windowtripadvisor page opens in new window

key west fishing with odyssea and captain rush maltz.
we offer key west fishing trips aboard odyssea for deep sea fishing, wreck fishing, reef fishing and offshore fly fishing.















					© capt. rush maltz all rights reserved
                








go to top

















































