




irish culture and irish customs - world cultures european





































								custom search
  







site index | kids | kitchen | shopping | poetry | weddings | travel | basic irish | quotes | books | music | movies | trivia | blessings | jokes | links |












 



traditions, folklore, history and more. if it's irish, it's here. or will be!
"people will not look forward to posterity who never look backward to their ancestors."
-edmund burke









quotes 

library: books, movies, music

prints & photos

poetry

											jokes







shops ireland



bunús na gaeilge
										(basic irish)


circle of prayer

blessings



did you know?



himself/herself

write to us

readers write..

links/link to us


advertise with us


awards & testimonials

submissions guide









 
 















fáilte
welcome to irish culture and customs a labor of love we began several years ago. what started as a surprise milestone birthday trip to ireland became the beginning of a journey through time. a 2,000-year voyage on a quest to learn as much as we can about everything irish. so here's where we are so far - more than 700 pages that range from irish poetry, superstitions , kids stories and recipes to specific irish calendar celebrations such as st. patrick's day , beltane, samhain and the feast of st. brigid. whether it's an irish symbol such as the shillelagh, the shamrock and the book of kells or an irish craft like aran isle knitting, you'll discover a wide range of topics in our index. we hope you find the little bit of ireland you may be looking for and we encourage you to share what you discover with your loved ones on your family website, blog, or social network.















the irish in love
by bridget haggerty

'the realm of romance' is bigger than west virginia and smaller than ohio. but for such a tiny place, ireland is a magnificent, multi-faceted gem, blessed with an abundance of details and differences. majestic mountains sweep down to the sea. miles of stone walls line fields filled with black-faced sheep. tall, flowering hedges shade narrow, winding roads. ancient castles and mystical abbeys dominate pastoral vistas. and, pastel-hued cottages dot river valleys strewn with wild flowers. what a magical place to begin a romance or married life together!

[continue]

the irish in love - part two
by bridget haggerty

there's still time to put some irish flair into your st. valentine's day celebrations!

											what follows is a brief compilation of proverbs, sayings, a poem and then a few ideas for irish books to buy or borrow, music to play, and then a romantic menu that's sure to quicken the pulse. an alternate menu with recipes is also featured in the irish kitchen.

											while there are many gods who are said to preside over affairs of the heart, in celtic folklore, there's only one that is equivalent to our modern day cupid. aengus og was born of a secret union between daghdagh, the mightiest of irish gods and boann, the river goddess. depicted as an eternally youthful purveyor of romance, the celts believed the magic kisses of aengus og became tiny birds and whoever heard their sweet singing would suddenly be overcome with passionate ideas. his kisses obviously were a lot more enchanting than the ones bestowed on the author of the following poem:

[continue]

the irish in love - still waters run deep
by bridget haggerty

in my memory, my parents weren't very demonstrative when it came to expressing their affection for each other. on the other hand, when you're a kid, you don't notice subtleties such as a twinkle in the eye, a coquetish tilt to the head, or a brief brush against an arm or shoulder when putting the tea on the table. 

										according to edna o'brien, "depending on one's sex and one's religious propensities, love can be a skiff of magic power or a simple gaze on god. but not for the irish, for whom everything is more copious, more trenchant and in the doomsday book, probably more consequential. the very definition of love in the irish dictionary lists branches of that 'malady' that may come as a surprise. apart from love being love, affection, or charity, it is also unshared affection, a love of one in absence, a love of the unseen and a love of the little jug which of course, is a drink.

[continue]

basic irish: golf - part one

ever played golf in ireland? it's no idle boast that the emerald isle has some of the most picturesque courses in the world. and they're challenging as well. which is why movie stars like mike douglas fly in from the states just to play a round. in this week's lesson, aideen offers words and phrases related to what one wag described as the greatest excuse for a walk. we especially like the phrase for golf club - as in the one you might belong to - sounds suspiciously close to come and golf!

											word: golf
											irish: galf
											pronunciation: golf

[continue


kids' ireland: the nightingale and the rose
edited and adapted by bridget haggerty from a story by oscar wilde.
											oscar wilde was both unhappy and unlucky in love and this had a great influence on his work.  this beautiful story is from his collection of fairy tales for children. but it has such a sad ending that we thought young readers might enjoy it more if it ended on a happier note.

it was winter. the student leaned on his elbows and stared out through the window on a garden that was bereft of flower, leaf or fern.

									"she said she would dance with me if i brought her a red rose"  cried the student; "but in all my garden there is no red rose."

[continue]

live music from mayo

	a link to the internet service from midwest radio out of mayo. broadcasting from their state of the art studios; midwest irish radio plays nothing but the best irish music. no matter where you are in the world, you are never too far from ireland when you listen in.
														click here for: irish midwest radio.


shop for the best of irish products from the comfort of your home

we combed the internet to find reliable resources for the most popular irish products: aran isle sweaters, guinness glasses, waterford crystal, genuine blackthorn walking sticks, the flag of the republic and more. some of these shops have become friends; others we trust from their reputations and some offer products that are completely unique. we hope you enjoy browsing through what's on offer and we are confident you will find gifts for any occasion or person, all with an irish flair.











 



sat, jan 18, 2025
the galway hooker
this unique vessel, with its distinctive curved lines and bright red sails, originated in the village of claddagh. during the 19th century, hookers supported a significant fishing industry and also carried goods, livestock and fuel. seán rainey is remembered for building the last of the original boats, the truelight, for martin oliver who was to become the last king of the claddagh; as king, he was entitled to white sails on his boat. since the mid seventies, many of the old sailing craft which were on the verge of extinction have been lovingly restored and new ones have been built. during the summer months they can be seen at festivals such a cruinniú na mbád - the gathering of the boats - in kinvara.

click for more culture corner.



































































































































































































































































































fill out your email address to receive our free newsletter!






powered by yourmailinglistprovider.com 













a sunday blessing



good st. patrick traveled far to teach god's holy word.
																and when he came to erin's sod, a wondrous thing occurred.
																he plucked a shamrock from the earth and held it in his
																hand to symbolize the trinity that all might understand.
																the first leaf for the father, the second for the son,
																the third for the spirit, three of them in one.
																may the good lord always hold you in the palm of his
																hand, and may the blessings he sends you be more plentiful than all the shamrocks in ireland.


























































































































the book
																																																																																																																											potion, pope and perfidy
by russ haggerty
this is my novel. it is largely, but not completely irish. the detective is irish. the book was created by an irish monk and a great deal of the story is in ireland. i think you'll enjoy it.
																																																																																																																										do not order through the marketplace. if you do you'll get the first version, which is incomplete. it's available on amazon here.





the irish culture and customs book of jokes
this is the collection of our jokes. it was built up over many years and, now, is gathered here for your enjoyment. with this in your hand, whenever the day is dull or dreary you can open it up and have a good laugh, you'll feel better.
click here for the book of jokes.



































































a little history of ireland
by martin wallace
this little book may rank as the most concise history of ireland to date. nevertheless, it is also a comprehensive and informative account, tracing as it does the entire recorded course of irish history from the arrival of st patrick in the fifth century through to independence, partition and the present day.
click here for a little history of ireland.














































































































































































































































































































































































































 



































































































































































































































how the irish saved civilization



“cahill's lovely prose breathes life into a 1,600-year old history.” the l.a. times
click here for irish saved civilisation.
















































































































































































































































 











site index | kids | kitchen | shopping | poetry | weddings | travel | basic irish
quotes | books | music | movies | trivia | blessings | jokes | links | 


















 
all contents copyright © 2001 through 2011 inclusive - all rights reserved.
								march 4, 2011 
 
 

								rollover button images:
wedding larose, kids reading & kitchen apples and tea from all posters prints.
								the information provided on this site is offered as-is, without warranty. this site's owners, operators, authors and partners disclaim any and all liability from the information provided herein.
							any trademarks or registered trademarks on this site are the property of their respective owners. 

 


this web site bashed, kicked & glued together by russ haggerty.



 




