


rosselli fine art gallery








we are open!
all art on this site will be sold at major discounts.
call for prices on art you want and you will be pleasantly surprised with the prices!
- roselli fine art, celebrating 50 years in business -

(530) 949-6908
2680 bechelli lane, redding - inside the shasta antiques mall building





			questions?
			click here to email us.





























(530) 949-6908














northern california's largest selection of wildlife art, western art, contemporary art, and american indian art, selling original art, signed and numbered lithographs and prints. custom picture framing, art and frame restoration, home and business decor gifts. dealerships: greenwich, millpond press, hadley house, lightpost/thomas kinkade.




















please call to take advantage of our fantastic specials!
									1-530-949-6908




click to shop the online art gallery store
thank you for visiting our website. if the art you are looking for
									is not found in the store, please give us a call.
530-949-6908
please call for special pricing.
rosselli fine art and picture framing
									largest selection of art in the north state
									picture framing • art restoration
									cleaning of art and frames • we buy and sell art
									serving you for over 47 years











			 

			











we buy and sell early originals and most original oils of california.  for corporate framing and art inquiries, call (530) 949-6908.
to purchase any of these fine works, for further information about our extensive selection, or if there is something in particular you are looking for, please e-mail: info@rosselli.com
rosselli fine art gallery
mailing address only
			2680 bechelli lane, redding, ca 96002 usa
			hours: m-f & s 10am - 5pm
			sunday 11am - 3pm
			phone: (530) 949-6908
http://www.rosselli.com/ 
representing the following fine artists: bev doolittle, rembrandt, dora raab, don hatfield, g. griffith, salvidor dali, salvador dali, pablo picaso, pablo picasso, aldo luongo, michael dias, dona gelsinger, randy van beck, randy vanbeck, leroy neiman, chuck de hoan, chuck dehoan, jack polkinghorn, ron crooks, ramona lowe, bob byerley, peter skirka, nancy glaizer, james bama, barbara wood, tarki, dennis halkides, colin bogel, collin bogel, lee bogel, rc gorman, r.c. gorman, sandra kuck, susan bourdet, willer kissmer, w. lee symmon, kiven daniel, keven daniel, kevin daniel, bonnie marris, george munlar, andrew wyeth, w. vitringa, tatsuo ito, david archer, charles harper, guy cotteleach, johannes gerardus, scott gustafson, dean morrissey, william phillips, robert summers, kirk reinert, james warhola, marietta collins, ron parker, terry isaac, richard burns, lena liu, sherrie russell miline, sherry miline, russel houston, guillaume azovlay, jack rosselli, guy manning, j.d. challenger, jd challenger, olaf weahorst, don hatfield, charles white, mary baxter st. clair, alexandra nechita, rance hood, ebos, fredrick remington, steele robert ross, don crowley, mcmichael, walter gerado, sasoni, red skelton, neil anderson, tom cross, martin grill, judith hall, jim hautman, greg olsen, susan rios, james h. taylor, myra tinsley, larry dyke, kenith riley, jack terry, gary burghoff, michael atkinson, patti bannister, robert bateman, keith birdsong, carl brenders, james christensen, julie kramer cole, jim daly, eyvind earl, charles frace, rod fredrick, scott gustafson, steve hanks, g harvey, alan hunt, thomas kinkade, sandra kuck, john seerey-lester, richard luce, james cumbers, steve lyman, andy probert, chuck ren, rick sternbach, howard terpning, brent townsend, michael david ward, charles wysocki, mike perkins, nancy glazier, marjolein bastin, james verdugo.
all prices are quoted in us$ and subject to change without notice. 
			if the item you order is out of stock, we will not charge your card and we will contact you regarding availability.
			shipping charges reflect shipping within the us via ups or fedex, international shipping may be more. 
all of the fine art in this catalog is being displayed at 72 dpi and does not accurately represent the true quality of the work.  
			text and graphics copyright 1996-2019, rosselli fine art gallery




the way you've moved the modal html structure has likely led to unintended layout changes. let's correct it step-by-step without moving any major sections out of their original context. step-by-step instructions to modify the modal leave the modal structure in place keep the modal html inside the
. do not separate the modal itself (
) from the overlay—it is important they stay nested. update the modal close button position move the close button inside the modal container, but ensure it’s the last element inside the
. corrected code: html copy code 


give art this year!
this is your chance to get the best art for less than all my 57 years in business!
see my website or visit my store to see the vast selection of artwork available.20%, 30%, 40% up to 50% off! pick them out and i'll give you a great price!
famous artists, wild lifes, sea scapes, land scapes, westerns, native american art, airplanes, antiques, children, women, city scapes - we have a huge collection available! limited editions and signed artwork included! all new and most framed!
now is the best time to take advantage of an opportunity of a lifetime!
give me a call at 530-949-6908 today!
please call to purchase. paypal payments on the website are currently offline.



was $700.00
now $400.00


was $300.00
now $250.00


was $200.00
now $60.00


limited time offer
30% off!


was $672.00
now $300.00


was $400.00
now $65.00


close window and go to website

 





