














human cremation equipment and animal cremation equipment - b&l

























































 


















 

 


b&l cremation equipment
products

human cremation equipment
animal cremation equipment
ancillary cremation equipment


purchase online
services
about us
financing
our distributors
customize/faq
contact us













 
 



 



 


















view products

purchase online







see products










our products



our sleek and innovative designs set the new standard. we work hard daily to change today’s crematory and funeral industry.  we offer the highest quality human, pet, animal & medical waste cremation & incineration equipment. along with a full line of cremation accessories we provide everything you need for your cremation business.  manufactured in the united states using usa made steel, refractory, & labor offering the highest quality you can trust. call us today to talk to a professional in the cremation business to help expand your business 1-800-622-5411.

view products



our services



we stand behind you 100% of the way when you purchase our products. with our satellite locations around the world and experienced factory trained professionals our service is second to none. we offer annual tune-ups, refractory repairs, emergency service & crematory operator training & certification on all makes & models of cremation equipment around the world. your business is our business. call us today to schedule service at 1-800-622-5411. if you have an urgent crematory related emergency, please call our 24/7 technician hotline at (727) 415-2361.

view services







looking for financing options?we work with top financing companies to get you up and running. click here to learn more.
click here









view letter







our commitment

we are committed to excellence, our customers & the advancement of the cremation industry. designs engineered by b&l cremation systems, inc. have not only changed today’s crematories but have changed the entire industry. we were the first to introduce the cremation market to fuel saving materials, such as ceramics, multi-door animal & pet crematories, separate remains removal systems, and most notably, the hot hearth system. our sleek and innovative designs set new standards that others are eager to follow.

read more











about us

we are the largest family-owned, independent crematory manufacturer in the world. we manufacture human, pet, animal & medical waste cremation & incineration equipment. we offer crematory service, training, certification, repair & refectory rebuilds to all crematory makes & models throughout the world. we provide many unique models of crematories & incinerators including our standard models, custom designs and even refurbished units.  b&l cremation systems, inc. continues to be the industry leader in design, engineering and manufacturing of state-of-the-art human, pet, animal & medical waste cremation equipment.

learn more








associations








customization








worldwide









who we serve

we strive to provide the best service in the entire industry while keeping our prices affordable. we work with our distributors around the world, bringing top quality human cremation equipment, animal cremation equipment, service, repairs and anything you may need for your business, anywhere. we serve you.






countries




installations




customers





see more







leave a message






name


email address


phone number


location: country, state, city


subject


message




submit









visit us
7205 114th ave # a, largo, fl 33773 u.s.a.



call us
sales & service: (800) 622 5411 main office: (727) 541 4666 24/7 emergency hotline: (727) 415 2361



email us
sales@blcremationsystems.comfax: 1 (727) 547 0669







thank you for visiting!







email us





get your b&l crematory operator t-shirt & more today! 



followfollowfollowfollowfollow





human crematories animal crematories ancillary products



training program maintenance refractory repair



about usour distributors



faq customization contact us





design & developed by perun design



 








© 2018 b&l cremation systems, inc. 









manage consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent




 





































