

free business opportunity seeker | home business opportunity online













 





    
	free business opportunity seeker
	
  
work at home | business opportunities | work at home jobs | make money | home based business opportunities | make money | internet business | extra income | small business opportunities | article business


























tuesday, october 18, 2005



	 
	 guide to buying used federal personal property
	 
    


do you want to buy government property?  if you do, you need totalk to us.  we're the u.s. general services administration(gsa), and we sell used personal property for nonmilitary federalagencies.gsa is the government's procurement agent for the supplies,equipment, and vehicles that federal workers need to do theirjobs.  when items are no longer needed or are being replaced, westretch the federal dollar by offering them for sale to thepublic.  our sales include a wide variety of items that wouldinterest both individuals and businesses.this guide will tell you what we sell, how we sell it, and howyou can be a buyer.  we've also included information about salesof military and forfeited property and real estate.airplanes to x-rayswe sell cars, vans, trucks, boats, and airplanes; office andhousehold furniture; communications equipment; computers,printers, copiers, and typewriters; recreational and athleticequipment; cameras and projectors; and tools.  we also sellindustrial items like hardware; plumbing, heating, and electricalequipment; printing presses; paper products; medical andlaboratory equipment; agricultural, mining, and constructionvehicles and machinery; food preparation and serving equipment;ores and metals; and exposed x-ray film.most of the vehicles in our sales were purchased new and drivenby government employees for official purposes.  they are soldwhen they reach replacement age and/or mileage.  our vehicles areone of the best buys in the marketplace today because of goodmaintenance, relatively low age and mileage, and desired featureslike automatic transmission, air conditioning, power steering,and power brakes.  and they don't look like institutionalvehicles, as the government buys attractive body styles in avariety of colors.  no giveawaysif you're interested in buying used federal property, there's onething you should know up front.  the government expects toreceive a fair price.  unless you're willing to pay fair marketvalue, you would be wasting your time at a sale.  every item hasan undisclosed minimum price and is seldom sold for less. stories about the $100 dollar yacht or mercedes car are purefiction. as a taxpayer, you paid for these items when they were new.  gsawants to give you the best possible return on your tax dollarwhen they're sold.no guaranteeswe'll give you a chance to inspect sale property before making anoffer, and we urge you to do so.  while we try to point outdeficiencies if we know about them, an item may still havefaults, and we do not guarantee condition. how we sellwe sell personal property by sealed bid, auction, spot bid, andfixed price sales.  no preference is given to any individuals orgroups, including veterans, senior citizens, and religiousorganizations. sealed bidwe sell by sealed bid when the sales items are in scatteredlocations.  for this type of sale, we mail an "invitation forbid," or ifb, to prospective buyers on our mailing lists.  theifb contains item descriptions, sale terms and conditions, itemlocations and inspection times, and a bid form.if you decide to bid, you fill out the bid form and mail it tothe address indicated in the ifb.  we must receive your bid bythe opening date and time.  late bids are not accepted under anycircumstances.  we open all bids publicly.auctionwe hold an auction when we have a large number of items for salein one location.  many of our car and truck sales are auctions. we use traditional auction methods. you'll receive descriptions, bidding instructions, and anopportunity to inspect the merchandise ahead of time or on theday of the sale. spot bida spot bid sale is similar to a "silent auction," with bidswritten down rather than voiced.  property is offered item byitem and awarded to the highest bidder.  bidders may bid onlyonce per item, unless the item is reoffered.fixed-price salefrom time to time, we'll hold a fixed-price sale.  at these, wepost the selling prices on the property and sell items on afirst-come basis.conditions of salewe sell used personal property according to the u.s. government's standard form 114c, "general sale terms and conditions."  you mayask to review a copy of the form at any of the gsa regional salesoffices listed further on in this pamphlet or at a sale location.you should study carefully the terms and conditions in theinvitation for bid and in any notices provided at auctions andfixed-price sales.  be sure you understand any special terms.  payment and removalyou must pay for and remove your purchases within the timeprescribed for each sale, and you cannot remove merchandisebefore you pay.  the government does not provide any form offinancing. acceptable forms of payment generally include cash, money orders,travelers checks, cashier's checks, credit union checks,government checks, and personal checks accompanied by an informalbank letter guaranteeing payment.  visa and mastercard also areaccepted for many sales.removal is your responsibility; gsa will not provide shipping andhandling.  if you fail to pay and remove by the deadline, thegovernment will take action to collect damages from you of $25 or20 percent of the purchase price, whichever is greater.how we advertisewe maintain mailing lists for frequent purchasers of governmentproperty.  to keep down mailing costs, we periodically remove thenames of people who don't buy.  to be placed on a mailing list,write to the gsa regional sales office serving your location.occasional buyers can get information about upcoming sales bydialing our telephone hotlines for recorded messages. we also run ads in local newspapers and on radio, and sometimeswe'll post notices in public buildings.  highly specialized salesand others that might generate interest nationwide are advertisedin national newspapers, trade journals, and periodicals.we also advertise sales of national interest in the commercebusiness daily, a publication of the u.s. department of commerce. copies of commerce business daily may be available at librariesand local chambers of commerce.  for subscription information,call the u.s. government printing office order line at (202) 512-1800 or write to the superintendent of documents, u.s. governmentprinting office, washington, dc 20402.you'll find a list of gsa regional sales offices, with addressesand telephone numbers for recorded messages, on the back of thispamphlet.



posted by dioncimotte @ 6:40 pm  
    	
         418 comments
  





wednesday, september 28, 2005



	 
	 a really working hyip investment strategy
	 
    


by: kujiei can see that still there are a lot of people that scream after an hyip is closed, well, that is because they are not good investors and do not know how to act wisely.below is my experience since i started investing in hyips in 2001 and began earning a very good monthly income through investing in hyips and ponzies (yes, ponzies!). and now i tell you how.in 2001 i first started with a mere $­­­500 and i have now $­­­23450 and making a nice $­­­2000 a month with no hassle.from the first day i started investing in hyips i knew that making such amounts of profit through so-called forex trading, or other big jokes is absolutely impossible.i have also the experience of trading at forex. with true forex market, only if you are a professional, you can earn around 3% to 7% a month which is excellent comparing your local banks, paying 5% a year or even less.now, what i did, i knew that all of these hyips would fail during a couple of weeks and months. but i figured out one thing. e.g. if a program pays 4% a day and this program lasts 40 days and i joined early then i can make something around 10% to 20% in just one month, and that exeeds the most profitable markets in the world, and i have just earned this easy money only by just a few clicks of mouse.so if you want to be real hyip investor and successfully make a great living this way, act like a porfessional, think about making a steady 15% porfit each month and enter the hyip arena.i just wrote this message because i am really upset that some people enter this profitable world of hyips but fail very soon and get depressed and leave this sort of money making just due to the fact that they do not know how to invest.the following guidelines are the result of 3.5 years experience in hyip investing, so follow them and never panic:think about all programs, hyips, games as ponzies and scams that last for a short period of time and then disappear.be very active and visit hyip listing websites several times each day so that you notice whenever a new program launches so that you be able to join early, because if you join late, you will not get even your principal money back let alone profit.never get fooled by such things as telephone support, live chat, 24/7/365 customer support or due diligence logos. when an hyip decides to vanish, it will.i did not ever invested in programs paying 1% a day and i recommend you to not do it as well. want to know why? as i said above in general all hyips and pozies live a life of around 45 days, two months at most, and so when you join a 1% daily paying program, you have to wait 100 days to get your principal back and hope to get some profit, while when you join a program paying 5% a day, you begin receiving profit after 20 days.never spend even a dime on programs that use a free web hosting.always diversify, this means put your capital into several programs. for example if you have $­­­1000, invest it in 15 programs so that when they start falling you have still other programs paying you.always choose hyips paying 2%, 3%, 4% or 5% and i recommend you to not invest in programs paying 1% daily, as explained above.never join an hyip after 35 days it has been online, that is exactly the time that the specific hyip is gradually packing the suitcases to leave.never invest in hyips offering a compounding option and always invest in daily paying projects.always remind yourself that you are going to earn aroung 10% to 15% a month and not more, so that you invest reasonably and knowingly.follow my guidelines and make a great monthly income and you will be amazed at the results. just do not get greedy and that's the key to success.



posted by dioncimotte @ 7:03 pm  
    	
         123 comments
  















links

google news
artikel bisnis
info bisnis online
best software recommendation
a-z mesothelioma info
business opportunities classifieds

previous posts

guide to buying used federal personal property
a really working hyip investment strategy
nine ways to lower     your auto insurance costs
forex
the foreign exchange market (forex)-forex is...
how to start a profitable home-based business
why opt for an experienced mesothelioma attorney?
what to do when an insurance company breaches its ...
4 tips to help you find a reputable mesothelioma l...
it really is only 'early days' in the internet gol...
how starting a part time internet business can yie...

archives

september 2005
october 2005
















free counter



business development resources and services directory - add your business resource url to seniority for free







mortgage leads




 



 




