





















denova homes | northern california new homes







































							ask our sales reps how you can customize your own incentive!
						















							high contrast  
                            
                                off
							




 realtors
									



 mydenova
									
















find your home



northern california

north bay area

        hummingbird cottages 
        
            sonoma, ca
            
        


        luminescence at liberty, 55+ active adult 
        
            rio vista, ca
            
        


        silverado terrace 
        
            calistoga, ca
            
                
                    coming soon
                



        cinnabar grove 
        
            calistoga, ca
            
                
                    coming soon
                



south bay area

        huntington 
        
            morgan hill, ca
            
                
                    coming soon
                



east bay area

        180 midhill 
        
            martinez, ca
            
                
                    coming soon
                



        cava 
        
            livermore, ca
            
                
                    coming soon
                



        heritage view 
        
            martinez, ca
            
        


        summer lake north 
        
            oakley, ca
            
        


davis, ca

        bretton woods, 55+ active adult 
        
            davis, ca
            
        








find your dream home
denova homes builds better communities with thoughtful design. discover your perfect home in a denova community.






process


our story



about us
management team
blog
galleries
virtual tours







denova homes
enthusiasm and dedication, that's what drives our team to provide exceptional leadership and even better results.






for homeowners


contact









questions? get fast answers!

find your home today!


(925) 255-1808













            high contrast off
        











questions ?get fast answers!

find your home today!


(925) 255-1808












building a better community






building a better community






building a better community






building a better community






building a better community






building a better community






building a better community






building a better community






building a better community






building a better community






building a better community












explore our
communities












view availablehomes












view our
photo gallery












experience our
virtual tours











featured properties










heritage view
single-family homesmartinez, ca
now selling
from $1,005,900












                                    
                                        1,916 - 2,426 sq. ft.
                                    
                                    
                                        3 - 4 bed
                                    
                                    
                                        2 - 3 bath



heritage view has officially grand opened and is now selling! homes are selling quickly, so be sure to visit soon ...

details 





now selling!






summer lake north
single-family homesoakley, ca
now selling
from $675,900












                                    
                                        1,932 - 2,952 sq. ft.
                                    
                                    
                                        4 bed
                                    
                                    
                                        3 - 3.5 bath



the wait is over! summer lake north is now open for sale! summer lake north is denova homes' newest master-planned ...

details 





now selling!










denova homes - building a better community


at denova homes, our approach is simple. as a private family-owned builder, we intentionally develop each community—incorporating characteristics of the surrounding area into our innovative design and superior craftsmanship.
committed to creating quality lifestyles for our homeowners, denova homes is a respected bay area homebuilder, named builder of the year by the building industry association. denova volunteers in its communities with homeaid northern california, american red cross, american cancer society and the boys and girls club.
enthusiasm and dedication—that’s what drives our management team and staff to provide exceptional leadership and even better results, ensuring denova homes fulfills its long-standing commitment to build better communities.
learn more 


















view your favorite floorplans, models, communities and more!
login now 


























looking for design ideas? inspiration lives here! view our gallery of past and present projects to get inspired.
view our galleries 










denova gives back


yellow roof foundation is a non-profit public charity. founded in 2018 by dave and lori sanson, owners of concord based denova homes, inc., the yellow roof foundation is working to build affordable housing opportunities for families and individuals at risk for homelessness.

learn more about our foundation 







at yellow roof foundation, we believe in building brighter futures and better tomorrows. and we believe this all begins at home.for some families and individuals, their american dream isn't about owning a home. their dream is just having a place to call home. we believe that everyone deserves a place to call homes; a place that is a shelter from the storms of life where they can find a fresh start and hope for a brighter future. we believe we can help families and individuals achieve their aspirations for a better tomorrow by providing affordable housing opportunities in the communities where they live and work. we believe they deserve an opportunity to start over, surrounded by a community that not only wants them to succeed, but is also willing to lend them hope and extend a helping hand. we know that having a place to call home is just the beginning. families also need valuable life skills to help turn transitional housing into transformational living. that's why we partner with service professionals and volunteers to provide coaching to help individuals and families develop additional life skills in financial planning, interview training and more.




























×

ask our new home specialist











meet dayna!
how can we help?
our new home specialist is here to answer any questions you have to help choose the home that’s right for you. fill out the form below and dayna will be in touch shortly.
or call (925) 255-1808









first name




last name




email




primary phone




message





item of interest id

select a community
180 midhill
amberleaf
asana
aspen at emerson ranch
aura
back-to-back townhomes
bennett estates
bradbury park
bretton woods, 55+ active adult
bungalows at bretton woods
butterfield station
cattle ridge
cava
cimarron
copper crest
cottages at bretton woods
daybreak at brody ranch
diablo meadows
drakes bend at river islands
driftwood
edgewater at river islands
elara
element at central park village
greenway at bretton woods
heritage view
hummingbird cottages
jasper park
ladera vista
luca at aviano
luminescence at liberty, 55+ active adult
makenna
mill creek at brody ranch
mockingbird lane
newbury at parklane
oak leaf ranch
one56 at one lake
paradise 360
prescott
row townhomes
saddle creek
santosha
savona at seabreeze
secluded woods
southgate
stacked flats
stella at aviano
summer lake north
tananger heights
the gallery at greenhorn creek
the knolls at allendale
the landing at wildflower station
the lanes at allendale
the meadows at allendale
the pointe at wildflower station
township square
traditions at the meadow
villa vista





 opt-in to receive text messages










send message



















welcome back!
welcome back to your mydenova account.





continue to your dashboard
no, i want to keep viewing homes  















welcome back to mydenova




login


join







account signup
signup for an myclientname account today and start saving your favorites, view personalized recommendations and more.









first name*




last name*





email*




password*




confirm password*




are you a broker/agent?


no



yes







get started







login to your mydenova homes account.don’t have an account? join.

















login
forgot your password?











sign in with google+



are you having trouble accessing your account?
contact us here for assistance.












forgot your password?
enter your email address and we’ll send you a link to reset your password.














get my password





are you having trouble accessing your account?
contact us here for assistance.












neighborhoods


northern california


bretton woods, 55+ active adult davis, ca


heritage view martinez, ca


hummingbird cottages sonoma, ca


luminescence at liberty, 55+ active adult rio vista, ca


summer lake north oakley, ca




coming soon


180 midhill martinez, ca


cava livermore, ca


silverado terrace calistoga, ca


cinnabar grove calistoga, ca


huntington morgan hill, ca


contact
corporate

1500 willow pass courtconcord, ca 94520
(925) 685-0110
                                    
                                    
                                    
                                        (925) 685-0660 fax
sales@denovahomes.com





































if you are interested in a career with denova homes, please send us an email hr@denovahomes.com with a copy of your resume to inquire about open positions and opportunities.



past communities



                                    amberleaf napa, ca




                                    asana san jose, ca




                                    aspen at emerson ranch oakley, ca




                                    aura costa mesa, ca




                                    bennett estates brentwood, ca




                                    bradbury park fairfield, ca




                                    butterfield station morgan hill, ca




                                    cimarron gilroy, ca




                                    copper crest copperopolis, ca




                                    daybreak at brody ranch petaluma, ca




                                    diablo meadows clayton, ca




                                    drakes bend at river islands lathrop, ca




                                    driftwood bay point,, ca




                                    edgewater at river islands lathrop, ca




                                    elara costa mesa, ca




                                    element at central park village brea, ca




                                    jasper park morgan hill, ca




                                    ladera vista gilroy, ca




                                    luca at aviano antioch, ca




                                    makenna petaluma, ca




                                    mill creek at brody ranch petaluma, ca




                                    mockingbird lane sonoma, ca




                                    newbury at parklane dixon, ca




                                    oak leaf ranch napa, ca




                                    one56 at one lake fairfield, ca




                                    paradise 360 fairfield, ca




                                    prescott oakley, ca




                                    santosha tracy, ca




                                    savona at seabreeze bay point, ca




                                    secluded woods walnut creek, ca




                                    southgate petaluma, ca




                                    stella at aviano antioch, ca




                                    tananger heights pleasant hill, ca




                                    the gallery at greenhorn creek angels camp, ca




                                    the knolls at allendale hollister, ca




                                    the landing at wildflower station antioch, ca




                                    the lanes at allendale hollister, ca




                                    the meadows at allendale hollister, ca




                                    the pointe at wildflower station antioch, ca




                                    township square pleasanton, ca




                                    traditions at the meadow martinez, ca




                                    villa vista patterson, ca





latest blog posts




luca at aviano: officially sold out!oct 2, 2024




follow us on instagram










































privacy policy
buyers login
realtors login
table of contents
purchase order terms & conditions

copyright © 2025 denova homes. all rights reserved.
all renderings are artist's conception. actual porch and window configuration varies from artists renderings. denova homes reserves the right to make changes in price, material, and specifications without notice and without liability for such changes. broker cooperation welcome. sales & marketing by denova homes sales, dre #01247582 equal housing opportunity.











×
















×








































this website uses cookies



                in order to support the functionality of our website and to tailor
            our ads to match your likely interests, we and our service providers collect
            information about your use of this site. please click "i accept" to acknowledge
            our policy and the use of this information to help operate our site and for
            analytics, personalization and advertising purposes. for more information,
            please see our privacy policy. you may opt-out of any data
            being sold for third-party use by clicking "do not sell my info." 
            


                    i accept
                

                        do not sell my info
                    






