  pinestead reef resort | traverse city, mi | beachfront suites & indoor pool         skip to content

 traverse city  hotel resort  timeshare



 
call (231) 947-4010

homeroomsabout usgallerybeach cam – traverse city’s best beachtimeshare salestimeshare listingsstudio1-bedroom2-bedroomdeluxecontactownerspinestead reef resort newsletterboard of directorsflex calendarselling or buyingrental policyrenting your weekmaintenance feemaintenance fee 2
 menuhomeroomsabout usgallerybeach cam – traverse city’s best beachtimeshare salestimeshare listingsstudio1-bedroom2-bedroomdeluxecontactownerspinestead reef resort newsletterboard of directorsflex calendarselling or buyingrental policyrenting your weekmaintenance feemaintenance fee 2welcome to the pinestead reef resortmichigan's first timeshare resort

 
our rooms
studio unitsleeps up to sixour studio units have a living room with a sleeper sofa, a fully equipped kitchen, and two beds with a full bath including a shower tub.



 
book a room






one-bedroom unitsleeps up to sixour 1-bedroom units have a living room with a sleeper sofa, fully equipped kitchen, and two beds in the bedroom with a full bath.



 
book a room










two-bedroom unitsleeps up to eightour 2-bedroom units have a living room with a queen-size sleeper sofa, fully equipped kitchen, and two separate bedrooms with two beds and two bathrooms.



 
book a room














two-bedroom deluxe unitsleeps up to eightthis unit has a sleeper sofa in the living room, a king-size bed in the master bedroom with a full bath. it also has a loft with two queen-size beds and a full bath. the unit has a fully equipped kitchen.note: this room has very limited availability, but please feel free to inquire by phone!



 
call to check availability 1 (231) 947-4010






















three-bedroom deluxe unitsleeps up to eightthe unit has a fully equipped kitchen. it has a sleeper sofa in the living room. three bedrooms, each with its own bath, each on different floors. master has a king-size bed, two others have a queen-size bed. note: this room has very limited availability, but please feel free to inquire by phone!



 
call to check availability 1 (231) 947-4010



















 
hotel facilities

full kitchens

wi-fi

free parking

safe-deposit box

elevator

indoor pool

no smoking

700 feet of sandy beach

sauna

hot tub

 
our resort46 waterfront suitesthe pinestead reef resort has 46 waterfront suites and is located on 700′ of sandy beach. each of our forty-six bayside suites offers a spectacular view of east grand traverse bay. all guest rooms are smoke free. units have a full kitchen with dishwasher, flat screen tv’s with cable and hbo, in-room safe.on-site amenities include: indoor heated pool, whirlpool, sauna, exercise room, game room, movie rental, free wireless internet access, guest laundry, elevator and bbq deck with gas grills. water sport rental nearby. our timeshare affiliation is with rci.2.3 miles from cherry capital airport3.6 miles from downtown traverse city31.6 miles from sleeping bear dunes national lakeshore7.4 miles from turtle creek casino
 previous slide
 next slide

 
gallerysee all gallery photos





















 
contact us

 
1 231-947-4010


 
1265 us-31 north traverse city, mi 49686

 
desk@pinestead.com




 
book a room




 pinestead reef resortaddress:

 
1265 us-31 north traverse city, mi 49686


 
desk@pinestead.com


 
1 231-947-4010
links:

 


facebook
 



dribbble
 



wordpress
 
copyright © 2024 all rights reserved.      




