


















funeral directors of stourbridge since 1843 - h. porter & sons







































old church house, 60 south road,
                    stourbridge, dy8 3uj



01384 395048








menu





 homefunerals funeral services funeral notices arranging a funeral registering a death do i need to report the death to a coroner? children’s funerals eco funerals hymns and music funeral vehicles funeral costs memorials pre-paid funeral plans the lounge and catering after the funeral our mission: how we care for yousustainability sustainable funerals helping nature recycling and waste energy cleaner transport team commitment suppliers community sustainable accreditationadvice what to do when someone dies what should i include in a funeral service? free bereavement counselling for our clients bereaved by suicide probate and letters of administration advice resourcesabout us about h. porter & sons meet the team our mission: how we care for you testimonials the history of h. porter & sons in the community the john porter community fund environment latest news work with usbusiness info standardised price list (pdf) additional services and options price list (pdf) payment terms crematoria prices and services register of donations disclosure of interestsbrochurescontact





we are here to provide you with a high standard, caring and compassionate service at any time of the day or night, 365 days a year.


1234










welcome to h. porter & sons, family-owned funeral directors of stourbridge since 1843.


when called upon to arrange a funeral, we take complete responsibility for all the details involved, removing the worry and burden at this difficult time. it is for this reason our service and premises have been carefully planned to produce a combination of efficiency, immediate help and personal attention.
we are available to give personal service at any time of the day or night, at weekends and bank holidays. once we have been notified of a death, everything can be left safely in our care, with the exception of registration.







an introduction to h. porter & sons

play













                                                funeral services
                                            

                                                down to the last detail, h. porter & sons provide a high standard, caring and compassionate 24-hour funeral service to stourbridge, kinver, hagley and surrounding communities in the west midlands, shropshire, worcestershire and south staffordshire.
                                            





                                                caring & considered advice
                                            

                                                we are here to give advice in all areas, including what to do when someone dies. if you have any questions please give us a call, there is someone here to take your call 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
                                            











                                                about our pre-paid funeral plans
                                            

                                                planning ahead for your funeral is one of the most thoughtful and caring things you can do. some people never get round to discussing funeral wishes with their loved ones, which can lead to all sorts of worry and anxiety when the time comes.

taking out a funeral plan is a simple and straightforward way to remove this worry, and it can provide real financial benefits too.
                                            





                                                memorials
                                            

                                                we work closely with a local stonemason to ensure individual attention to your requirements, incorporating photos, artwork and using special stone. we provide both new memorials and offer a service to add inscriptions to existing memorials. we also offer a cleaning and repair service.
                                            











                                                the lounge – our private function room
                                            

                                                our air-conditioned lounge is tastefully decorated and furnished and is an ideal place to use when relatives prefer not to start the funeral from a private house. the lounge is separate from our main office, has its own private facilities and has french doors leading out into a secluded courtyard garden, which looks beautiful during the summer months.
                                            





speak to one of our team 






funeral notices



view all notices







































h.porter and sons have been established since 1843








 













                        tel: 01384 395048


                        email: enquiries@hporter.co.uk

© 2025 h. porter & sons, old church house, 60 south road, stourbridge, west midlands, dy8 3uj
privacy & cookie policy
website by getsited







 




