





long island quilters' society | quilt guild

















skip navigation
website accessibility









contact us  view cart













toggle navigation
						☰ menu
					





homejoin us!calendarworkshopsgallerynews/events
programs

liqs charity programsmember workshops


members only

member sign innewsletter


trips

bus trips

quilt show



























previous



next










welcome to long island quilters' society



introducing our new digital membership!
can't make it to meetings? our digital membership is the perfect option for staying connected.
only $20 - that's 50% off of our full membership!
here's what you'll get:

access to all online presentations
monthly newsletter packed with inspiration, tips and guild updates.

over the past couple years, non-members have asked if they could attend our virtual presentations. we created this membership for you!
this option is perfect if:

you live outside our area
have a busy schedule
or simply prefer the flexibility of online access.

join today! connect with our vibrant community, sharpen your skills, and enjoy all the creativity and camaraderie from the comfort of your own home.
please click on the join us page for additional details.
long island quilters' society is a flourishing long island quilting community and formed as an organization dedicated to encouraging the growth and development of the time-honored skill of quilting through art, education, and service. we are 140 members strong ... and growing!
for full members, our meetings are generally held on the third monday of the month at the freeport recreation center, 130 east merrick rd., freeport, ny 11520. meetings alternate between mornings and evenings. morning meetings meet at 10 a.m. evening meetings meet at 6:30-8:30 due to requirements of the freeport rec.
please feel free to contact us with any questions you may have regarding liqs. we always look forward to hearing from fellow quilters and welcome new members!



for your attention
winter 2025
new - please check our news/events section above for information about upcoming programs!
visit our facebook page!!
new - common threads hand sewing group now meets every wednesday at 10:00 am to 1:00 pm in the community room at coes neck park, 1240 coes neck rd in baldwin. the group resumed meeting in january. all hand stitchers/fiber arts are welcome.  long tables are also available to sandwich a quilt, etc.
new our february meeting will be on monday the 24th at 10:00 am followed by station rotation.  we are still in need of 2 more presenters, however!!  give a 15 minute demonstration of something you have learned! contact mary ellen orchard.









join us!


workshops


newsletter


calendar


charity



bylaws













information

about us
privacy policy
terms & conditions




contact us


email: president@liqs.org
long island quilters society
box 75
merrick, ny 11566





follow us

facebook

















home   |   join us!   |   calendar   |   workshops   |   gallery   |   news/events   |   programs   |   members only   |   trips   |   quilt show   |   site map






		copyright © 2007-2025 - long island quilters' society (liqs)
website design by like sew






























