


home – cybertip.ca


































































































































skip to main content




cybertip.ca



          canada’s national tipline for reporting the online sexual exploitation of children
        




            menu
          

            menu
          







                    report
                  


                    child sexual abuse
                  


                    online harms
                  


                    research
                  


                    campaigns & media
                  




about us

donate

contact us

privacy policy

terms of use


                        français
                      


search




search












please note
this website makes use of javascript to optimize your browsing experience.
            unfortunately, your browser appears to have javascript disabled — please enable it ensure your visit is optimal.
            if you prefer to continue with the settings you’re using, please be aware that all site functionality may not be
            available.














          sextortion: an organized attack against youth
        

          cybertip.ca receives an average of 7 sextortion reports per day. we have information on how it occurs, ways you can help prevent it, and what teens can do if it happens to them.
        

learn more here






          make a report
        

          if you have concerns about shared intimate images, online luring, and other areas involving child victimization on the internet, we can help.
        

report to cybertip.ca











          project arachnid
        

          project arachnid is currently issuing thousands of notices per month, and this number continues to climb.
        

          learn about how we are using this innovative technology to curb the public availability of child sexual abuse material, and the support we offer to survivors.
        

learn about project arachnid










                cybertip.ca alerts
              

                keeping up with new technology and online trends can be difficult. sign up for cybertip.ca alerts to receive important information to
                help keep your family safe online.
              

sign up for cybertip.ca alerts




              latest cybertip.ca alert
            





july 2024

fake images cause real harm: ai and deepfakes













          the latest news from cybertip.ca
        




february 11, 2025

empowering parents to talk to youth about risks online






march 12, 2024

the rcmp and c3p unveil new poster to help the public recognize sextortion






february 5, 2024

zoe & molly resources upgraded as offender tactics evolve










        our support network
      

        cybertip.ca is supported by the following contributors and government allies.
      



























more partners







            support our work. donate today.
          

            be a part of something big. as a registered charitable organization, the canadian centre for child protection (c3p), which operates cybertip.ca, relies  on donations to help us offer our programs and services to the public. you can support us in helping families and protecting children.
          

donate today









about uscontact usprivacy policyterms of useaccessibility


connect with us:




facebook






twitter






instagram







youtube




site menu



about us


results
mandatory reporting
partners
history




report


taking action
report form
report types
federal mr form




child sexual abuse


child sexual abuse material
grooming
project arachnid
survivor support
duty to report




online harms


online luring
intimate images
sextortion
ai and deepfakes
online safety resources
cybertip.ca alerts




research




campaigns & media


public awareness campaigns
news releases
safer internet day
media contact





cybertip.ca is operated by the canadian centre for child protection (c3p), whose goal is to prevent child victimization through a number of programs, services, and resources. learn more about these key initiatives at protectchildren.ca:


donate


survivor support


order materials





cybertip.ca is operated by

the canadian centre for child protection






        © 2025
        canadian centre for child protection inc.
      





