




marine times newspaper






tel: 074 9736899 | mail: editor@marinetimes.ie

digital edition
subscribe
advertise
contacts









digital issue login
subscribe (digital)

2023 archives

2024 archives










ireland’s leading maritime newspaper covering the coastal, fishing and maritime communities
        
in this month’s edition - is there a future for the north west herring advisory committee?
the north west herring advisory committee appears to have come to a standstill following the withdrawal from its membership of the third inshore representative organisation, iimro; a minister for fisheries and a minister for the marine - politics can be key to improvements. like it or not, politics are a key when it comes to improving things for the community. the challenge is the relationships between the community and the institutions of political power. sometimes they work, sometimes they don’t; latest bim project enables under 12 m vessel owners to provide key information on their fisheries for marine spatial planning; “the way the irish fishing industry is treated about bluefin tuna is insane…….” john shine interview .... all of this plus so much more in our february issue


tom macsweeney's seascapes podcast february: on this edition of our maritime programme, seascapes, presented by tom macsweeney .......

the “insane” treatment of ireland’s fishermen is discussed on the february edition of the podcast, highlighting the way the irish fishing industry is treated about bluefin tuna. john shine, a leading figure for 20 years in the marketing and selling of irish fish, highlights the way that irish fishermen are prevented from catching bluefin tuna in irish waters, while other nations are allowed to do so. he says that proper management of the industry is lacking and, unless its demise is stopped and the industry sustained, he is doubtful and concerned about its future. .... listen to the podcast by clicking on the image above
marine times news february 14th: fall in love with the coast this valentine’s day with the love your coast photography competition
the love your coast photography competition opens for entries on 14th february 2025

john hooton came first place in the 'coastal landscape' category as part of the 2024 clean coasts love your coast photography competition with "fog on the 3 sisters" taken at clogher head, dingle, co. kerry; his image captures the fog over the distinctive three sisters in the background.  
this valentine's day, an taisce’s clean coasts programme invites irish photographers to fall in love with the coast with the return of the love your coast photography competition for 2025. full story here
marine times news february 5th: 20 dips in december raises over €7500 in aid of kilmore quay rnli
kilmore quay rnli volunteers were delighted this week to meet those who took part in 20 dips in december raising a record €7535.25 this year for their local lifeboat station. 

now in its fourth year, the event has gone from strength to strength each year. organised by local ladies gráinne o’brien, melinda kehoe and simmi duffin, the fundraising event challenges participants to take 20 dips in the sea during the month of december culminating in a community swim in kilmore quay on december 31st. full story here

marine times news january 17th: learn lifesaving skills at bim and rnli’s man overboard challenge
bim and the rnli have joined forces again this year to offer two man overboard sessions to teach essential lifesaving skills to anyone working in commercial fishing or aquaculture that goes to sea.

the free one-day event is designed to highlight the importance of wearing a correctly fitted personal floatation device (pfd) and to practice man overboard recovery strategies that can help save lives in the event of an accident/incident at sea. full story here
tom macsweeney's seascapes podcast january: on this first edition of our maritime programme, seascapes, presented by tom macsweeney .......

the polish solo sailor who is ireland’s only representative in what is being described as “a world first event, never attempted before …” explains why he intends to spend over a year sailing 26,000 miles alone around the world on a 19-foot plywood boat which he has built himself….. the managing director of a valentia island boatyard discusses how it has built the first naval vessel in ireland for forty years…. and a sailmaker explains why he built a maritime cannon .... listen to the podcast by clicking on the image above
marine times podcast december: new government must end naivety towards fishing
tom macsweeney talks to brendan byrne, chief executive of the ifpea

the chief executive of the irish fish processors and exporters association says there has been naivete amongst policymakers who thought that the fishing  industry would reconfigure itself, despite the losses caused by brexit.

the entire sector, catching and processing, is in a once-in-a-lifetime crisis, according to ceo brendan byrne. he also challenges the rigour of controls enforcement on irish fishing by the sfpa, at a level which does not happen in other member states, he says in this podcast interview with marine times executive editor / news, tom macsweeney. 

	listen to the podcast here
marine times news december 17th: age-old traditional arrow ceremony to be re-enacted at hook lighthouse on new year’s day 2024
an age-old tradition is set to take place on new year’s day at the 800-year-old hook lighthouse in county wexford as the archers, both expert and amateur, participate in a traditional “arrow ceremony”.

at 1 pm, the dunbrody archers will join cllr bridín murphy an cathaoirleach of the municipal district of new ross council to participate in the ceremony. the ancient tradition dates back to 1687 when the mayor and the corporation of new ross town council claimed their authority over the tower and waters by travelling to the point of the hook and shooting an arrow into the sea from hook head lighthouse. full story here
marine times news december 13th: dublin doctor on call as more rnli lifesavers prepare to answer the call this christmas
we continue our focus on the rnli volunteer crew members who are preparing to spend christmas on call.

dr gabriel fitzpatrick, howth rnli
christmas is a time for family and friends, but the rnli’s volunteer crews are ready to leave their own celebrations this festive season and answer the call for help. full story here
marine times news december 11th: even more rnli lifesavers prepare to answer the call this christmas
continuing from yesterday’s report, as the rnli comes to the end of its milestone 200th year, the charity is launching its annual christmas fundraising appeal, we focus on more of the volunteer crew members who are preparing to spend christmas on call.

adam and luka pictured with their mum karen harris
on average, rnli lifeboats launch over 100 times during the christmas period* every year. whatever weather winter throws at them, rnli crews including those at dunmore east, tramore and helvick head, are ready to battle the elements to save lives at sea. these rescues, and others all year round, are only made possible by the rnli’s generous supporters, helping to fund the essential kit, training and equipment needed to keep crews prepared and protected. full story here
marine times news december 10th: rnli lifesavers prepare to answer the call this christmas
as the rnli comes to the end of its milestone 200th year, the charity is launching its annual christmas fundraising appeal, with a focus on the volunteer crew members who are preparing to spend christmas on call.

david and caroline barry with baby amelia, clifden rnli
on average, rnli lifeboats launch over 100 times during the christmas period every year. whatever weather winter throws at them, rnli crews are ready to battle the elements to save lives at sea. these rescues, and others all year round, are only made possible by the rnli’s generous supporters, helping to fund the essential kit, training and equipment needed to keep crews prepared and protected. full story here
tom macsweeney's maritime podcast - december
on the december edition of tom macsweeney's maritime podcast, ireland’s only maritime broadcast:
why does ireland, an island nation, not have a traditional fish dish for christmas? other nations do, so why not ireland? appropriately, this month being christmastime, that question is raised in the december edition of my podcast by historian antoin o’callaghan. while other nations make fish a christmas dish, he wonders why ireland does not and suggests the feast of the seven fishes. but, will ireland have enough fish to meet its needs? perhaps not. the chief executive of the irish fish processors and exporters, brendan byrne, says this has been a very bad year for processors. that’s all on the december edition, with a look back at storylines from previous editions.

marine times podcast september: does the government want a fishing industry or does it want to let it continue into terminal decline?
“the government must be clear  --------the industry needs real help…”
tom macsweeney interviews dominic rihan, chief executive ofthe kfo

our main news story in the september edition reports a fall of more than €37m in landings by the irish fleet. all sectors of the industry are united in opinion – it is in its worst crisis ever and the government is not doing enough to support it.

in this month’s marine times podcast the chief executive of the killybegs fishermen’s organisation, dominic rihan, discusses the situation with marine times executive news editor, tom macsweeney. a strategic review is needed of where the industry is going, he says and raises the question - does the government want a fishing industry or does it want to let it continue into terminal decline?

“that is a stark reality,” says mr.rihan, “but it has to be recognised.”

	listen to the podcast here
marine times podcast august: do you accept that the fishing industry is in a very serious crisis situation, minister?
tom macsweeney interviews minister charlie mcconalogue

in the august issue of the marine times, tom macsweeney interviews minister mcconalogue - challenging him on a number of aspects affecting the fishing industry, asking him questions on why he insists on putting accross the eu oinion to the industry rather than voicing irish concerns sufficiently, asking him how is it realistic to encourage young people into the irish fishing industry .... 

listen to the full marine times interview with tom macsweeney. 

	listen to the podcast here
podcast 3rd july: government and eu must deal with how offshore wind campaigners and biodiversity campaigners are squeezing the fishing industry says leading fisheries ceo
the chief executive of the irish fish producers’ organisation has warned of potential conflict between fishermen as traditional marine users and the new users of the blue economy.

in the front page leading story of the july edition of the marine times, aodh o’donnell says there is an impending serious ‘spatial squeeze’ on ireland’s fishing industry due to the way offshore renewable energy strategy is being implemented nationally, because there has been a failure to co-ordinate the roll-out of ore and biodiversity strategies with the need to protect the fishing industry and its traditional fishing grounds..

he says that “the fishing sector fully supports the need for climate change measures, but there is a need for balanced thinking and understanding that fishing is a source of food security.

in this marine times interview he outlined fishermen’s concerns to tom macsweeney. 

	listen to the podcast here
copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved - marine times newspaper published by marine media ltd



























