

webclients.net















toggle navigation







lead generation
publisher solutions
advertiser solutions
data management
technology
contact us







innovative technology & lead generation solutions
innovative technology & lead generation solutions

       specializing in delivering turnkey, performance-driven results to hundreds of online marketers since 1998.  we offer innovative marketing strategies and proprietary technology to provide lead generation solutions that produce quality leads for advertisers.
      







lead generation
producing millions of qualified leads for advertisers per month.



co-registration
we are able to generate simple opt-in and custom opt-in leads via our owned and operated promotional registration pathways, using our exclusive technology to intelligently serve offers based on the demographic information provided by the consumer.



cost-per-sale
we are able to generate leads for our advertisers that require a purchase via our cpa wall.



publisher network
we have a network of publishers that use a mix of vertical/content, promotional sites, display, search, and mobile traffic to generate leads for our advertisers. these publishers are put through an approval process and need to meet the high standards required by us before being accepted into our network.



 



publisher solutions
top converting cpa, cps, and email submit offers.
you can access real time reporting 24/7 on our easy-to-use publisher interface, websponsors.com.  we specialize in our owned and operated promotional based websites also known in the industry as email submits.  get access to top converting, and high paying ad campaigns with brand name advertisers like marlboro and gamefly.
join the websponsors network. sign-up here.












guaranteed competitive, timely pay out
we offer exclusive campaigns with the highest payout available to help maximize your lead revenue. all payments are directly deposited into your account each month.









superior account management
our dedicated affiliate managers will help you maximize your revenue and select the offers that best suit your audience.











innovative, flexible technology & tracking
our unique technology provides a convenient process for viewing, selecting and conducting campaigns. we supply our partners with their statistics in real time, showing detail views ranging from minutes to months.









variety of offers
our 200+ advertisers in 29 product categories provide one of the most diverse campaign selections in the industry.












 



advertiser solutions
tailored advertising solutions to increase your conversions.


webclients network provides high quality traffic utilizing registration pathways, standard iab banners, stand alone email placements, and text links. an advanced ad serving and optimization engine provides advertisers a unique opportunity to get their ads in front of the right audience at the right time all on a pay for performance pricing model.





personalized customer service
an account executive will be assigned to oversee all your campaigns.



tcpa compliance
our team adheres to tcpa regulations as the complexity of phone data continues to evolve.



research
our in-house testing capabilities help you to analyze and maximize campaign results.





pay-for-performance model
our performance model guarantees results for your online campaign.



response-driven, dynamic creative
at your request, our creative staff will quickly produce top-quality banners, html e-mails, and sites at low or no additional cost.



powerful return on investment
our proprietary network of thousands of affiliates in conjunction with our custom solutions will maximize your return on investment.


 



data management
add new revenue streams by monetizing your data.


we are searching for trusted partners to help monetize our current opt-in database boasting over 100 million registered users in the following countries: united states, united kingdom, australia and canada. our data is uniquely captured and regularly updated to ensure the highest quality and responsiveness.
our list management services can also help your business increase revenue on data that you may not be monetizing to its fullest potential. we operate on a revshare basis, n-30 terms, with all partners.





 



technology
performance marketing software.
we are currently inviting partners to utilize our unique platform, customizing the solution to fit their specific needs. if you are looking for a reliable performance based technology to track and manage relationships efficiently, contact us today. our system will easily allow you to setup and manage your own properties and pathways, giving detailed reporting functionalities to help maximize overall performance.





 



contact us
questions? want to work with us? get in touch.








































send










location
2300 vartan way, suite 100
harrisburg, pa 17110









e-mail
sales@webclients.net









phone
717.346.3600












 



      ©  web clients, llc. all rights reserved. | member privacy policy






