


verbal abuse official information site – renew your spirit, reclaim your life.















































































forum login
bookmarks

add bookmark


login








forgot password?

remember me




 
 











 





verbal abuse official information siterenew your spirit, reclaim your life.




home
about

about patricia evans
about verbal abuse
interviews & videos


resources

verbal abuse faq
books by patricia evans
support sites & groups
resource books by other authors


services

bulletin board
therapist database
newsletter sign-up


postings

news & insights
for therapists


contact
 











 





you are not alone. 







how to know?  

ask yourself these questions 

view official excerpt 



 



 









aboutmeet patricia evansgroundbreaking clarity


this is the official verbal abuse information site, featuring patricia evans, an internationally recognized interpersonal communications specialist and author of the first book about verbal abuse. drawing upon research of more than 30,000 cases of verbally abusive relationships, she has delivered hundreds of keynote addresses throughout the country. founder of the evans interpersonal communications institute, where she has offered workshops and training programs, patricia evans single-handedly brought the subject of verbal abuse to the forefront of american consciousness.
newsweek commended her first powerful book on the subject, the verbally abusive relationship: how to recognize it and how to respond (1992). expanded edition (1996), as “a groundbreaking new book.” click to learn more with links to buy on amazon. her books are available throughout the us, canada, england, mexico, germany, france and in the chinese language.


more 
this site is dedicated to the recognition and prevention of verbal abuse in homes, schools and workplaces.

 
the verbal abuse web site ushers in a new millennium of increased awareness.  it serves as a link to resources and information about verbal abuse.

 
this site will grow and change as we gather information. indeed, it was only as recently as 1992 that verbally abusive relationships were named and described.

 
powerful video about verbal abuse. caution: includes gut-wrenching scenes: mtv ad with helena bonham carter

 

 
we invite you to contribute to our collective knowledge! if you have a resource that you think should be included here, please let us know.

 
compelling trailer, a must-see introduction. find it with more videos and interviews of patricia, here: verbal abuse trailer

faqwhat is verbal abuse?


verbal abuse creates emotional pain and mental anguish. it is a lie told to you or about you. generally, verbal abuse defines people, telling them what they are, what they think, their motives, and so forth. the best way to deal with a verbally abusive relationship, whether you are the target of verbal abuse or the perpetrator, is to find out everything you can about verbally abusive relationships and their dynamics. usually one person is blaming, accusing, even name calling, and the other is defending and explaining. 


how can i learn more and get help?


there is a lot of information on this site. please don’t miss the links above and throughout the site. as you find out about verbal abuse, you can find out what is ‘wrong’ with people who are verbally abusive, and what you might do about it.
i hope that if you suspect verbal abuse in your relationship, that you will read all five of my books. each is a part of the picture.


what are some signs of verbal abuse?


since the target of verbal abuse is often blamed, ignored, or yelled at, s/he may have difficulty recognizing just what is going on in the relationship. most people targeted by verbal abuse try to explain to the abuser why what they’ve just heard is not true or not okay. they explain themselves because they believe the perpetrator is rational and can hear them and the relationship will then get better. then they usually hear more verbal abuse, for instance, “you’re too sensitive.” at that point they don’t usually realize that they have just been defined, and, therefore, verbally abused again.
since the target of verbal abuse is often blamed, ignored, or yelled at, s/he may have difficulty recognizing just what is going on in the relationship. 


more faq answersnews and events 



 


sign up for words from author patricia evans


breaking news: starting 10/2024 “words” from patricia evans- the newsletter for insights and clarity! sign-up today!read more 
 
 
 




 


recommended book: understanding attachment injuries in children


“this is one of the best books i have ever read.” ~ patricia evans, authorread more 
 
 
 
more news & eventsexplorebookslinks toresourcesconsultationstherapistsforumlogin



gain clarity with just one book. i promise you that.peer acknowledgments


     newsweek newsweek declared, the verbally abusive relationship: how to recognize it and how to respond , -"a groundbreaking new book."  read more         david l. quinby, professor emeritus human kind urgently needs this, both on an individual and a collective level. nothing else ... read more         workshop for therapists  360 professionals attended and 99% said, "yes, we would recommend this training to our colleagues!"  read more         sf examiner book review "riveting" ~ keay davidson, san francisco examiner  read more         dr. richard jamison "enlightening" dr. richard jamison, director, productivity enhancement, rutherford nj  read more         psychological resource center "powerful and life-changing" don adams, president, psychological resource center, cary nc  read more         hope counseling "excellent" antoinette michaels, hope counseling, sayville ny  read more         






serviceskeynote speaker


colleges, groups, corporate
more


therapists



individuals & couples
more


radio & tv



interviews & appearances
more


newsletter


6000+ subscribers
more


let's connect


join the forum
we are glad you’ve visited our site and hope you will tell others about it. if you have information that you think should become a part of this site, start by contacting our web gal via the forum.
if you are registering for the forums (these are for women only), please be sure to follow the instructions on the registration page, and you don’t hear back about your approval status within three days, please try again.
forums for men are covered in this page: support for men
thank you for exploring this site and we wish you every success in your relationships.


 
“this is worth ten years of therapy.”

``shelly``new york

 
“i learned so much. patricia, you have been so helpful – and so patient.”

``xavier``washington, d.c.

 
“i am stronger now, in so many ways. what you showed me is priceless – it’s worth ten times what the book costs. thank you for your wonderful work.”

``allyson``florida


 
 

 

related posts

 



 


bulletin board 
 
 
 



 


keynotes & classes 
 
 


 



 
 
 



recent postshow to know? read this first0verbal abuse in relationships1verbal abuse and therapy0books by patricia

 
 find information
   
   
*links help support the organization with referral fees, thank you.
            
 
 
 
 



ogle.biz © 2025 all rights reserved



 
 








































