



mixed breed puppies|puppy for sale|toy|non shed|dog breeders|iowa























bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, yorkipoo, morkie, shichon, yochon mixednon shed,breed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.






bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, yorkipoo, morkie, shichon, yochon mixednon shed,breed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.






bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, yorkipoo, morkie, shichon, yochon mixednon shed,breed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.






bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, yorkipoo, morkie, shichon, yochon mixednon shed,breed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.






bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, yorkipoo, morkie, shichon, yochon mixed breed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.






4






thank you for inquiring about our designer puppies ~ if there is anything you need, call or email us. our puppies come with a 7 day health guarantee and a one year genetic guarantee. they receive the best of preventative well-puppy care before they go to their new homes. they are checked and approved by our veterinarian, and are current on all vaccinations. we require the new owners to visit their vet within 3 business days of acquisition of a puppy or the guarantee is void. our puppies are family raised with lots of love, are very well socialized, and love people. you are welcome to come visit our puppies and their parents. please call us to make an appointment.






all of our mixed breed designer puppies will come with a health certificate or report from our vet, up-to-date vaccination and medical records, a new puppy hand book which includes training material and schedules, guarantee, purchase agreement, and a sample of small breed puppy food.













rolling meadows puppies



 


contact information ~ puppies for salemaltipoo, bichon poodle aka poochon,  shichonpoo ~ call tammy ~ (319) 752-7072 or email ~ rollingmeadowspuppies@gmail.comlocated in southeast iowawe love our puppies and you will too!






thank you for visiting ~come as often as you like and browse the pages of the many puppies we have sold.sit, browse and see what puppies are available.  find out what puppies are coming in the future.stay as long as you want and visit us often to see what is new at "rolling meadows puppies".



   


designer dogs/puppies ~ lqqk here!






rolling meadows is located in southeast iowa near burlington. we are nestled in the mississippi valley in iowa's farming country. we as well as our puppies enjoy our quiet rural setting. we welcome visitors to come to rolling meadows to see our puppies and their parents. we especially like to have our puppies come back for visits so we can see how they have grown. we want to be kept updated on the development of each of our puppies.






we are located in the southeast corner of iowa on the illinois border, just 1 1/2 hours away from the quad cities, cedar rapids and iowa city, iowa. it is about a 4- 5 hour drive to chicago.






we keep our puppies here until about 10-12 weeks of age. in some circumstances we may let them go home a little earlier. the adjustment for these puppies is pretty easy.  we keep them long enough making sure they are eating well, adjusting without their mother and able to withstand the stress of going into a new home and being a part of a new family. if you have questions about this please call or email us.













"rolling meadows mixed breed designer puppies" policies and facts1.  all of our puppies/dogs are non-shedding2.  all of our puppies/dogs should stay within 5 to 20 pounds as an adult3.  all of our puppies are socialized with children and adults4.  we have to charge iowa sales tax5.  we have the best and most beautiful puppies in the world.  just ask us!6.  we are closed on sundays



bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, shichon poo, daisy dog mixed breed, cross puppies for sale in iowa - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful non shed toy  f1 hybrid puppy. 



f1 hybrid designer puppies are first generation crosses and it is our desire to raise and promote these f1 hybrids.  a hybrid dog is not a breed, it is a hybrid, which means it is a mix of more than one purebred dog.  the f1 hybrid is the healthiest cross possible due to "hybrid vigor".   we carefully select each purebred parent for the characteristics that would result in puppies with the most desirable pet qualities.  our goal in breeding f1 hybrid puppies is to breed a very healthy puppy with the desirable companion traits found in their purebred parents.  we do not breed multi generational dogs as we have no desire to produce a "pure bred" poodle cross and we don't want to see our hybrid puppies begin to have inbred genetic problems.  we register our hybrid puppies with the american canine hybrid club if requested. we are breeders of  hypoallergenic, allergy friendly, cross breed non-shedding, hypoallergenic, healthy puppies.






we have puppies available!






make one of these puppies yours ~ click a link to see available litter






f1 hybrid puppies ~



 


"rolling meadows mixed breed puppies"information ~ guarantee













available f1 hybrid  puppies  ~  dog breeders specializing in healthy, happy, beautiful mixed breed puppies.  located in iowa, illinois vicinity.  placing puppies anywhere in the continental usa










  


bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, shichonpoo non shed, mixedbreed puppies for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.



 


bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, shichonpoo non shed, mixedbreed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.



 


bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, shichonpoo, non shed, mixedbreed puppies for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.



 


bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo,  shichonpoo, non shed,mixed breed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.



 


bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, shichonpoo, non shed, mixedbreed puppies for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.



    


we are small, caring, reliable breeders of these wonderful breeds of puppies.



 


puppies.com



  


bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, shichon poo, mixed breed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.



    



what is a shichonpoo?  it is a mixed breed. " original daisy dog" puppies~dog breedersbichon poo tzu or shichonpoo - this is a cross between the shih tzu, bichon frise and toy poodle.they are very good with children and very social, friendly with everyone including other animals. they have a mild nature and are not overactive. shichonpoos are generally gentle dogs and are an excellent choice for a retired person, younger adults and children!  sizes vary, depending on the parents. usually, they average from 8 to 15 pounds. they come in a variety of colors and are non-shedding.  they are excellent choices for families with allergy concerns.non-shedding and hypoallergenicclick here for more information about our shichonpoos aka daisy dog >






what is a maltipoo?  it is a mixed breed.the maltese poodle puppy, maltipoo puppy, maltepoo puppy or combines the outstanding characteristics of the maltese puppy and the toy poodle puppy breeds.  the maltipoo puppy, also commonly called a maltepoo puppy by many dog breeders, is not a purebred dog. it is a cross or mixed breed between the maltese and the toy poodle.   for more information on our maltipoo puppies click the appropriate link to see  the maltipoo puppy pictures, information and to find out what maltipoo puppies are available.click here for more information about our maltipoos aka maltepoos >






what is a bichon poodle?  it is a mixed breedthe bichon poodle puppy, bichpoo puppy, poochon puppy or bichonpoo puppy  combines the outstanding characteristics of the bichon frise puppy and the toy poodle puppy breeds.  the bichon poodle puppy, also commonly called a bichpoo or poochon puppy by many dog breeders, is not a purebred dog. it is a cross or mixed breed between the bichon frise and the toy poodle.  for more information on our bichon poodle puppies click the appropriate link to see the availability of  the bichon poodle, puppy pictures and more information  to find out what bichon poodle puppies are like.click here for more information about our bichon poodles aka poochons >
























  


bichon poodle poochon






puppies availablenowwww.rollingmeadowspuppies.com






maltipoo






puppies planned spring 2020www.rollingmeadowspuppies.com






puppies for sale






puppies for sale






puppies for sale






mixed breed puppies for sale!






dog breeders ofmixed breed  puppies ~



    





link to us ~ click here



 


one of our bichon poodle puppies - you tube video -click here to see - cute!






tammy - (319) 752-7072rollingmeadowspuppies@gmail.com1.bichon/toy poodle = poochon2.bichon/shihtzu/toy poodle = daisy dog3.maltese/poodle = maltipoo






fyi:. . .the bichon poodle, the poochon and bich-poo are thelsame dog/puppy just called by different names. poochon, bichpoo, poodle, bichon, puppy, goldendoodle look alike, hypoallergenic dog, teddy bear dog.






we raise each type of non shedding hybrid puppies at various times through out the year generally with intervals between litters.  our website is updated often but please call or email for availability.










create your own video slideshow at animoto.com.


 



©2006 www.rollingmeadowspuppies.com - all rights reserved.






bichon poodle, poochon, shichon poo, non shed, mixedbreed puppies for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy puppies.






bichon poodle, poochon, shichon poo, non shed, mixedbreed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.






bichon poodle, poochon, maltipoo, shichonpoo non shed, mixedbreed puppies for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy puppies.






bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, shichon poo, non shed, mixedbreed puppies for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.



 


havapoo






puppies available nowwww.rollingmeadowspuppies.com






bichon poodle, poochon, maltipoo, shichonpoo non shed, mixedbreed puppies for sale - dog breeder and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.






bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, shichon poo, mixed breed puppy for sale -






bichon poodle, poochon, bich-poo, maltipoo, shichonpoo mixednon shed,breed puppy for sale - dog breeder specializing in  healthy and beautiful  f1 hybrid puppies.






adopt puppies here!






email or call for current pricing. all sales are subject to 7% iowa sales tax. we accept cash, personal check, or credit card payments. personal checks are generally not accepted when picking up your puppy.



 


puppies availablenowwww.rollingmeadowspuppies.com






it is our goal as a breeder to produce puppies that are sound in both body and mind, while maintaining the outstanding temperament each of their respective breeds are so well known for.  we have carefully chosen each of our purebred parents to ensure they are from quality, healthy lines with consistent beauty.  we have the parents of every puppy on the premises.  we stand behind every puppy we raise and expect to be a resource to their new owner, both before and after the puppy goes to it's new home.  whether your experience with the dogs goes back many years, or if this is your first puppy, we are glad to help you with any questions you might have.     thankfully, our careful breeding produces healthy, well adjusted puppies.  however, we offer a one year written health warranty on each of our puppies to ensure their new owner knows how serious we are about standing behind our breeding.   











we are breeders of poochon or bich-poo or bichon poodle,same dog called different names, maltipoo or maltepoo, maltichon & bichon frise, poodle dogs/puppies ~ hypoallergenic/non-sheddingthe shichonpoo or daisy dog ~ allergyfriendly/non-shedding



         



daisy dog shichon poo






we will accept applications with $250 non-refundable fee prior to birth. once the pups arrive, we email newsletters to each applicant and photos of the litter approximately 2 weeks after birth.  an additional deposit is required once a puppy has been reserved. the puppy’s final purchase price is required to be paid in full when the puppy is transferred to you. we accept deposits to hold an existing available puppy of your choice.







 

