


dude.man.phat.




























reboot!!!!!!!
saturday, june 05, 2010

reboot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!





the greatest (internet) love story ever told...comes to an end!!!!!!!!!???????????!!!!!!
thursday, october 26, 2006

forgive the crude photoshopping, but....holy crap big news!!!!





mystery science internet theater 3000...
wednesday, october 25, 2006

tomorrow, the most highly trafficked blog entry in the history of dude man phat reaches its surprising conclusion. everyone bring chips and dip.





my dog's mugshot pose...
tuesday, july 18, 2006







road rules: rock star edition...
thursday, july 13, 2006

is this the exact same guy pissing me off two times a week or what??? am i crazy? this dude must be the smartest reality show contestant ever. he's pulling the tootsie blinders on all of america.whatever. nice fivehead, douchebag(s).





she's like the wind, through my tree...
wednesday, july 12, 2006

i can't believe i was friggin whining about not going to the beach this summer.  i might as well start crying that the weather is too beautiful here. and stuff. ugh. but...all was made notsuckable when i scurried past the cineramadome last night (thank you, moderately-priced hollywood apartment) with my shitargic dog & her makeshift bandanna collar (why must you eat everything?????). we shared a moment:i saw veronica mars in the flesh (she's remarkably micro-machine-sized).and, for some unbuddha-ly reason, patrick swayze's lyrics called to me.she's like the wind through my tree she rides the night next to me she leads me through moonlight only to burn me with the sun she's taken my heart but she doesn't know what she's done feel her breath on my face her body close to me can't look in her eyes she's out of my league just a fool to believe i have anything she needs she's like the wind i swear that she looked at me. or in my direction. and winked. or maybe her eye twitched. my dog could have run off with her bandanna collar and i wouldn't have known it or cared. cause for that one nanosecond, i do believe kristen bell eye-googled me. and liked it. and then...she was gone. and i was off to petco to buy a double nylon collar that will withstand the strength of a really really fat but strong woman. i'm talking deuce, deuce and a half maybe. anyways, deep in my nancy wilson, we shared a moment. and because of that, i believe kbell has supplanted jalba at the top of my "list of famous girls i'd manlove if the girlfriend allowed me that one transgression." oh yes. number one like a rocket. p.s. a sidenote: at the labrea petco, two ladies brought in a baby oppossum they had found on the side of the road, apparently on their way to a hideously dressed latino lady competition. why they thought petco was grand oppossum central station, i have no idea. but they had it stashed inside an aquarium (again, who rides around with empty aquariums in their car?) and they tried to show it to me. more like shoved it at me while i held my arms in the air.  it was a scary-looking devil rat. if i could have drove the taurus in petco, i would have. scary, i tell you.





wish in one hand, shit in the other...
tuesday, july 11, 2006

i live 20 minutes from the beach and i haven't been to it one time this entire summer. i've just been too busy. busy with everything. too busy for one of my favorite places in southern cali: hermosa b & manhattan b: i miss you. if jessica simpson (pictured above) were all like, "come on! let's go to the beach so we can wear sexy cowboy hats and flirt with the paparazzi," i'd have to sigh, cry a bit and walk away. that's the raw deal with television. we're making the stuff you'll be watching this fall and afterwards. so in my quick 5 min break, here's what's been going on:-my dog keeps having diarrhea. shit everywhere. all the time. i'm surprised she hasn't blown an o-ring yet. this is another reason beach time has been seriously depleted.  -i'm buying a new (but used) car, which means i will be retiring the taurus. this feels like it will be one of those long, drunken posts about how i've been through so much with an inanimate object things. i'm thinking about donating it to a local la charity. cancer kids or peta animal activists against putting makeup on monkeys..something like that. most likely the monkeys because they're always funny. but only if the makeup is safe. okay. i just imagined a monkey putting on his makeup himself while driving my beatup ford taurus down the 405. they win.-seen a few movies lately. x-men 3...okay. the breakup...so so disappointing. superman returns...made me sleepy. the devil wears prada...surprised at how much i liked it. pirates 2...off the chain. monster house...cooltastic (really, you can take your little sis and still enjoy yourself).-been catching up on some tv pilots coming out in the fall. watch out for skeet ulrich in jericho. man's going to re-blow up. you heard it here. heroes, which i believe is at nbc, definitely has promise to be a favorite. superheroes x lost = top 10 tivo seasonpassage. hayden pana-something or other plays indestructible cheerleader. i would say that's she's superbangeable but i think she's 16 so i'll just say that i admire her acting abilitie-s. both of them.-dude. i turned 26. sang some freakin peter cetera "glory of love" at my karaoke birthday party. orchid bar near the wiltern off wilshire, la-peeps. a must recommend.like i said, no time no time. maybe i'll be able to discuss further favorite things (like how i totally want to have sex with big brother all stars) in the near future. until then, back to working hard for unappropriate pay.





let's get this party started...
tuesday, june 27, 2006

back from a 6-month vacation.it's also my birthday.boom goes the dynamite.





the greatest (internet) love story of all is dead???????
thursday, january 26, 2006

i know. i know. i wish i could say i was abducted by the ship from "flight of the navigator" and that i went on some kickass adventures that involved flying over the pacific ocean and singing beach boys songs superbly off key...but i didn't. i overslept. alarm clock was on pm instead of am. my bad.but...there is movement and a (perhaps?) conclusion in the greatest internet love story of all time: the classmates.com couple. or as i like to call them, axl and piper.and it's a spoiler. sadly.





the million little pieces controversy has me re-evaluating every single oprah book recommendation...
thursday, january 12, 2006

hey. after this mess, you never know. maya angelou may have not been 100% on why exactly the birds, in fact, sing. or she may have only thought she saw them sing, but it was a cruel joke by one of her college friends ("that maya, man. she's always birdwatching. waiting. let's trip her out with some disney animatronic shit!!"). or she may have really seen them sing, but they weren't actually caged, at least not in the literal sense. but, again, you never know. call me loco, but i'd just like to see a similar convo on "larry king live."larry: "so, you never really did see them...sing?"maya: "larry, larry! the literal truth of the book is still there. the only part that is in question is the title."larry: "but isn't that the theme of the book? the main point, if i may?"maya: "larry, larry. come on. it's me. maya."larry: "you've never even seen a bird, have you?"maya: "again. no comment."larry: "spell bird."maya: "no comment."larry: "i'm going to pretend i'm a bird and i'm going to sing. then, for the viewers around the world watching, tell me why."maya: "why don't we go to some callers."larry: "tweet tweet. tweet tweet."





i want you to be nice until it's time not to be nice...
tuesday, january 10, 2006

it's been that kind of day. at least i remembered to watch road house this afternoon before i came into work. if i ever figure out how to feng shui my apartment, that glorious piece of film is going to be playing on a loop on a secondary tv somewhere, probably near the kitchen. because it has an eerie calming effect on me. actually, to mix it up, i might also add mad max:beyond thunderdome (because, truly, everything is better beyond thunderdome). if you're a real man and haven't seen these movies, something is terribly wrong. if you're a chick and you've seen them, something is right. oh so right that i might love you. totally.





this guy will not be the next "survivor" winner...
monday, january 09, 2006

why???well...survivor austin grew up right around the corner from my house as a kid. one day i went to his house to play soccer and he kicked the ball really hard and it hit me in the nose, causing a monstrous nosebleed. the rest of my memory is hazy but i do remember there was some unnecessary laughing, some fighting and maybe an attempt to blow my bloody nose all over him and his dog in anger. but...that was at least 18 years ago. i'm over it. although, it would be pretty cool if he did get in the final two at the end. then, i could get a ticket to the taping and stand up and call him out on it. "dude, that guy kicked a soccer ball deliberately at my face, gave me a nosebleed and laughed at me!! so i blew my nose on him and his dog! and i think he might have cried a little! should a guy like that be the next winner of survivor??"no. i think not.







			
    
           




justin
los angeles, ca
email me:
dudemanphat (at)gmail (dot) com
see my complete profile

xml
archives

august 2004
september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
june 2006
july 2006
october 2006
june 2010

these sites rock

a blog of a good time
abominable palindrome
a caffeinated place
aj gentile
all things christie
anonymous midwest girl
assistant atlas
best week ever
black table
blagg blogg
blogging la
boing boing
boyspoke
breakfast at tiffany's
busblog
carly milne
casa de carlitos
cinegeeks
citizen of the month
cityrag
college humor
conversations/famous people
corsair
crushed by inertia
daily dump
data what?
deadspin
decent content
defamer
dlisted
don't link this
double viking
drunken stepfather
fauxy
fifty-five hundred
four four
franklin avenue
fun joel
gawker
girlspoke
glamstarlette
glitterati
glory fades
go fug yourself
golden fiddle
gorilla mask
gossipist
grandopening-grandclosing
greenfireburning
hella awful
hollywoodland
i can change this later, right?
immoderation
irritations of the exterior
jessica stover
john's little blogspot
jossip
junkfeud
just jared
just not trying anymore
la blogs
la comfidential
la foodblogging
laist
lindsayism
liz lawson
losanjealous
melting dolls
michaelpop
my blog is poop
my boring-ass life
namegame
nickerblog
off kilter
out of five
overeducated & underemployed
overheard in new york
paige six
perez hilton
phat phree
pink is the new blog
poet helena
popbytes
pop culture junkies
pop sugar
popwatch
project ebola
purgatorian
query letters i love
reality remixed
retrojunk
rich famous and gross
say it, don't spray it
sean bonner
scenestars
shabooty
sic transit gloria
sick candy
skeet on mischa
snappy hour
socialite's life
sportsguy
stereogum
sunset gun
superficial
superfluous juxtaposition
surgical strikes
tarfumes
terra non firma
the digested
the evolution
the post show
there's a blog in my throat
thighs wide shut
this is my computer blog
this is what we do now
todd a
tv gasm
tv without pity
ultragrrrl
use my computer
used hack
whatevs
wil wheaton
words for my enjoyment
yeeeah
yes but no but yes
you can't make it up



















this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noncommercial-noderivs 2.5 license.



 



