








coldwell banker lafoon realty, inc















































						  my account 
|  contact us 
|  home 

					










  property search  
  compare my home  
  our agents  
  real estate tips  
  helpful links  
  my account  
  our listings  
  contact us  
  home  
    
    






				 
			









enter an mls number to go directly to that listing:

             
             ex. 12345














contact information



kip lafoon
coldwell banker lafoon realty, inc
720 oak street
farmville, va 23901
office: 434-392-6191
(m): 434-603-5702
fax: 434-392-7655






coldwell banker lafoon realty, inc. has over 100 years of combined experience selling real estate in central virginia. whether you are looking to buy or sell a house, town home, condo, land, farm, or commercial property then you have come to the right website. here you will find a wide array of information about local real estate for sale. please click the search button to find your next dream home.
by working with a local realtor you have the advantage of being able to access all local listings available through the multiple listing service, mls. using a realtor also gives you the comfort of knowing that you are working with the most qualified professional who is dedicated to you as the buyer or seller and will always be looking out for your best interests and striving to make the process of buying or selling real estate as comfortable and pleasant as possible.
please click the contact button or use the phone number to contact us today!
 






office listings






click photo to view
listing photos will refresh every 4 seconds.
there are 14 listings.














					  contact us 
|  my account 
|  property search 
|  our listings 
|  our agents 
|  helpful links 
|  virtual tour listings 
|  home 
|  site map 
|  privacy policy 

				










© systems engineering, inc.




					â©2020 coldwell banker real estate llc. a realogy company. all rights reserved. coldwell banker, the coldwell banker logo, coldwell banker global luxury, and the coldwell banker global luxury logo are service marks registered or pending registration owned by coldwell banker real estate llc. coldwell banker real estate llc fully supports the principles of the fair housing act and the equal opportunity act. each office is independently owned and operated. listing information is deemed reliable, but is not guaranteed.
				










