



a fly tying workshop and instruction tie1on.net







coosa first floats and impressions
finally put the new boat in the water. here is a review and some pics.
jackson kayak coosa elite
i got a new boat! santa brought me a new jackson kayak coosa elite. detailed pics.
everglades in winter...trip of a lifetime
just got back from first fishing trip for 2009. the glades are a blast!
canoe modifications
i been tinkering with my old town pack. ideas for rigging a fishing machine.








navigation
tying basics
tying flies
fly patterns
animations
links
fly fishing basics
odds and ends
fish pictures


welcome to the best fly tying site on the web!
our goal is to teach the art of fly tying to the rank novice
 and hone the skills of the experienced fly tyer.
thanks for your visit to our fly tying web site!




friends of fly tying workshop
all rivers south
river bassin
warm fly.com
brad miller's flybass.com
fly fishing texas waters
troutflies.com







i have tied commercially for 5 years and have taught fly tying classes for 4 years. during that time i have picked up tips and techniques that make flytying easier and faster. i would like to pass these on to you and maybe help make your fly tying and fly fishing more fun and exciting. our pages are divided into 2 categories: 
the basics are a quick reference to the fundamentals. 
the tying flies for a step by step, how to tie a fly instruction of your favorite patterns. 
please keep in mind, there are better ways to tie flies out there  and this is only meant to be a guide. you have to develop  your own style and don’t take one persons ideas as infallible.
 be sure to check out the fly patterns page for a list of other fly patterns that can be tied with the techniques found in the instructions.


 i hope i can shed a little light on the sometimes frustrating art of fly tying. enjoy!


way too much about derek  porter






this is not high tech but you do not need to search all over the web for a plug-in or a dsl connection. if show quality is slow, just hit reload and animation should run better. you can save it by right clicking on the animation after you play it, and "save as" to your hard drive for viewing offline. works good on real player.






basics


standard dry fly

fly fishing


start thread 110kb
dry fly wings 500kb
fly casting 40kb


whip finish 200kb

dry fly tail 380kb

stealth 101 60kb








these pages are linked to each fly instruction page where needed but are provided here for quick access.





start thread
fly proportion
weed guard


hook selection
whip finish


lead eyes
weighting flies


lead wire
materials


stack hair
tools


fly patterns

selecting hackle




hen hackle prep

selecting hair



hackle barb tail prep
dubbing loops







drawings are used in the operation pages for clarity and to reduce size of image files. one photo is used for individual fly patterns. the fly tying instructions are broken down into different operations, that way i could put lots of drawings for each operation and still have low kb pages. some flies share the same operation pages and the only thing different is the color of materials or the materials are different but are tied in the same way. please be patient for images to download.
 for ease of learning, i recommend starting with the wooly bugger, then tie the: light cahill, red quill, adams, elkhair caddis, pheasant tail, hare's ear, prince, royal wulff then bwo parachute.




enough hot air from me, clamp your vice to your computer desk and let's tie one on!



dry flies
nymphs
streamers
terrastrials


adams dry
hare's ear nymph
fresh water
beetle


blue wing olive

parachute
pheasant tail

clouser minnow


bullethead
hopper




elk hair caddis
prince nymph
wooly bugger



irresistable

tellico nymph





light cahill

saltwater



red quill

lefty's deciever



royal wulff








learn the basics of fly fishing: equipment, stalking fish, line handling, etc.


the approach
can the fish see you? guerrilla tactics for fly flingers.




 



 
stuff i just don't know where to put!


fish pictures
derek & friends catch fish! well, maybe not always...but sometimes.



the pontoon - das poot
brother clay builds a pontoon boat...in his garage...in his spare year(i mean spare time). 
this is an incredible story pain, agony, and the thrill of victory!




favorite flies of the smokies - southern appalachia
here are some flies commonly used around the smoky mountains and other mountain streams around nc, sc, tn, va, and ga.


other than fishing pictures
me doing all sorts of stuff not related to fishing at all. yes, i am very egocentric, thats what my therapist tells me.







 

e-mail: derek porter



