



  


homepage - onward oregononward oregon































































portland city council election
onward oregon on facebook
about us

how we operate
the people of onward oregon
contact us


get involved

volunteer
donate
voice your opinion
join our facebook community


 






























































join onward oregon
sign up and we'll email you alerts about the issues you care about. 












 
what we believe
we inherit the good that flowed from the people who came before us and the societies they created and will continue building on that foundation. the decisions we make today will dictate the quality of our lives together and those of generations to come – we will create the future for ourselves and our children.
oregon has a proud tradition of community, of helping one another, and of understanding that “we all do better when we all do better.” but in the last 40 years, a damaging ideology has gained increasing power nationally that has profoundly affected oregon. this ideology preaches that “you’re on your own,” and that we are better off when competing amongst ourselves for our individual lot in life. it also says that the markets can solve all problems and government can solve none. we can see its impact today: our land, water, and air are damaged, our commonwealth of schools, roads, bridges and parks have suffered, we spend much less time with our loved ones, and struggle to earn a decent standard of living.
we reject this ideology. it has failed to make our lives better. indeed, it has strained our families, divided our state, and created needless suffering. the future on this path promises further isolation, deprivation and pain.
this is the oregon we want to live in:
an oregon where we are all in this together
an oregon where we make decisions now to improve the lives of our children’s children
an oregon with a healthy environment
an oregon that is more equitable
an oregon whose communities are strong
one of the attributes we love about oregon is our inventive, creative nature. working together with government we can envision, create, and build an oregon for the 21st century. too often, even when the candidates we support win, we feel distant from the decision making process. missing from today’s conception of democracy is the spirit of co-creation. with a reanimated sense of stakeholder-ship and participation we can transform oregon, developing innovative solutions that enables the breath of our oregon family.
join our community and help create that democracy!
(or read more about our vision)




 




















































