



rocky mountaineer train to the canadian rockies 2025














































skip to content 


menu 
home
destinations

banff national park
lake louise
jasper national park
whistler and jasper


trip types

one way
round trip
short train tours
best rocky mountaineer tours


faqs

faq: on the rocky mountaineer
faq: how much does a rocky mountaineer train trip cost?
faq: canadian rockies transportation
faqs: rocky mountaineer custom trips
faqs: general travel questions


resources

rocky mountaineer prices – 2025
compare canada train trips
planning your trip
hotel options
how to book
things to do in vancouver


contact
 





canadian rockies trains

 










about our  2025 train packages
for 2025, we are offering, as usual, our great selection of rocky mountaineer train packages. you can spend time in banff national park, jasper national park and/or lake louise. you can begin or end in vancouver, calgary, banff, lake louise or jasper national park.
you can spend two nights or longer at any destinations (except kamloops and quesnel). add activities and adventures at each destination. finally,  if you want to plan your own trip and purchase the two or three day rocky mountaineer train trip from us, that option is available as well.
the big change for 2025 is the introduction of dynamic pricing. that means that the prices of packages will be based, in part, on availability. as travel dates start to fill up, the price of the trip will increase. so, although we don’t want to be pushy, it might be a good idea to book your trip earlier than you might have in the past.
contact us for more information, reservations, great service and great prices: 604-990-9299,  1-800-913-9207 or by email
rocky mountaineer sample itineraries
1 night experience package includes

two days on the rocky mountaineer with a night in kamloops en route

5 night classic packages include 

two nights in vancouver
two days on the rocky mountaineer with a night in kamloops en route
two nights at one of our three canadian rockies destinations: banff national park, lake louise or jasper national park

6 night experience packages include

two nights in vancouver
two days on the rocky mountaineer with a night in kamloops en route
two nights at either banff national park or lake louise
a tour to calgary
one night in calgary 

8 night discovery packages include

two nights in vancouver
two days on the rocky mountaineer with a night in kamloops en route
two nights each in two canadian rockies destinations: banff national park, lake louise or jasper national park
one night in calgary

10 night circle packages include

two nights at a hotel in vancouver
4 days on the rocky mountaineer with nights in kamloops en route
two nights at jasper national park and two nights at either banff national park or lake louise

 13 night package (travels clockwise) includes

four nights in vancouver (two at the beginning and two at the end of your trip)
five days on the rocky mountaineer with one night each in kamloops, whistler and quesnel en route
two nights each in three of our  canadian rockies destinations: banff national park, lake louise and jasper national park

best of the rockies 14 night circle package (travels counterclockwise) includes

four nights in vancouver (two at the beginning and two at the end of your trip)
five days on the rocky mountaineer with nights in kamloops, whistler and quesnel en route
three nights in banff national park and two nights each at lake louise and jasper national park

can we help?




sorting out components, options, activities and itineraries is fun for some people and tedious for others. let us help plan your canadian rockies train trip with helpful suggestions, insider information and our 20+ years of experience.
whether you’re just starting to plan or ready to book, we can answer your questions, plan or refine your itinerary and make your reservations. we look forward to talking with you. give us a call at 604-990-9299 / 1-800-913-9207 or email. we’re available 7 days a week.




most popular canadian rockies train trips:
these are the packages our travelers request most.
one way – begin in vancouver and end in calgary or vice versa.canadian rockies journey 1 night / 2 dayscanadian rockies experience 6 nights / 7 dayscanadian rockies lake louise experience 4 nights / 5 daysjasper & banff national park discovery 7 nights / 8 dayscanadian rockies banff & lake louise 6 nights /  7 daysjourney through the clouds grand adventure 8 nights / 9 dayscanadian rockies at leisure 9 nights / 10 days
circle trips – begin and end in vancouver
canadian rockies banff discovery circle – 8 nights / 9 daycanadian rockies lake louise discovery circle – 8 nights / 9 daysgrand adventure circle journey 11 nights / 12 daysbest of the rockies circle journey 12 nights / 13 days
all rocky mountaineer train trips bundle your train trip with hotels, guided tours, activities and transfers to give you a complete rocky mountain vacation experience. 
contact us for more information, reservations, great service and great prices: 604-990-9299,  1-800-913-9207 or by email
rail journeys to the canadian rockies 






searchsearchrocky mountaineer informationrocky mountaineer two day 2025 train trips
three day train: vancouver, whistler & jasper – 2025
rocky mountaineer schedule – 2025
goldleaf vs silverleaf
travel insurance
things to do in vancouver & the rockies
how to book your trip
hotel options
planning your trip
faqs
canadian rockies videos
 








rocky mountaineer train prices
about us
terms of use
contact us
 

 






©  2025 canadian rockies trains				



















