

dry at night - bedwetting information from enuresis associates - maryland






























































 



85% of bedwetting children will 
              still be wetting this time next year - unless they receive treatment. 
              don't get frustrated... get help!
 tonight, millions of children and adolescents 
              will wet their beds in the united states. it happens for various 
              reasons and many children and their parents are too ashamed, or 
              embarrassed to talk about it. while many parents hope that someday 
              their daily laundry chores will end when their child "grows 
              out of it", your child need not wait. only 15% of children 
              with bedwetting stop wetting on their own each year. current treatments 
              are available to keep your child from potentially years of wetting, 
              so that you and your child can rest easily — and dry — 
              in their own bed or sleeping bag.

renee mercer, the certified pediatric nurse practitioner 
              specializing in the treatment of children with bedwetting at enuresis 
              associates, has authored seven steps to nighttime dryness: a 
              practical guide for parents of children with bedwetting (paperback). 
              this book, the most popular published title on the subject of bedwetting, is packed with useful techniques, 
              practical tips and answers to hundreds of commonly asked questions 
              to help children stop wetting permanently. although bedwetting affects 
              millions of children, many parents and well meaning health care 
              professionals are unaware of the steps that parents can take to 
              help their child achieve permanent dryness.
order your copy from bedwettingstore.com or amazon. 
            

this web site, dry at night™, 
              is sponsored by enuresis associates, a maryland based practice 
              serving patients in the baltimore-washington metropolitan area that 
              specializes in the treatment of children who wet. this comprehensive 
              web site is intended to provide parents with objective, science-based 
              information about bedwetting (nocturnal enuresis) and related conditions. 
              we want you to understand what causes 
              bedwetting, the body of evidence that exists in the medical literature 
              for the treatment of enuresis, 
              and the options you have as a parent.
bedwetting is our only 
              business. we offer 
              the baltimore-washington area a unique resource for families motivated 
              to help their child achieve dryness. we develop an individualized 
              program for your child, based upon their unique needs. 
our services are based upon a proven, 
              medically-based program. our practice follows the approach 
              developed by medical professionals successfully used on thousands 
              of children throughout the country and internationally.
we welcome your comments, and encourage you to contact us if you 
              choose to seek treatment for your child.
 

copyright © 2000-. enuresis associates llc all rights reserved. the information provided on dryatnight.com is for educational purposes only and is not a substitute for specific medical advice and treatment concerning your child's situation. contact us at 410-209-9705 or 8186 lark brown rd ste 301, elkdridge, md 21075 
request information | appointments | references



























 • causes 
• treatment
• resources
• our office
• what our 
..           patients say 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 








  



