




elk call calls supplies | turkey call calls you make from our call making material kits | how to make elk call





















my elk call
make your own elk and turkey 
mouth calls with our materials


   product reviews

  hunting knives

  optic belt

     wolverine boots

    broadheads physics


turkey calls


elk calls


cow elk scent

home
elk call kits
cow elk scent turkey call kit
decoys 
how to make testimonials
custom knives
affiliates 
archery bows optic belt 
antler creations contact us product reviews
photo gallary 
    scent eliminator











   		  														           																 										    		            		         																				     	
 
damascus steel hunting knives!!! 514 folds of the hardest and sharpest steel known to mankind!
we now offer these beautiful custom hand made knives with a lifetime warranty

            


the best prices you will ever find on a custom hand made damascus steel knife!! *



      new!!!  cow elk decoy sets up and take down in seconds and it weighs only 20 ounces. order today to make sure you have for opening day! no orders to be shipped the 1st week of september ... will be hunting so hurry. last day to ship is august 30th then shippingafter september 12th. check it out here cow elk decoy  


 currently sold out 2015 expecting more end of september 2015!!!!
                              


we just received  more supplies for all of you who were back ordered for our call making  kits.â  the biggest thing to keep in mind is "time" this time of year it  seems like everyone tries to order one week before opening, well we  ship orders as they come in. right now we have a one week turn around  time and growing. get your order in today to avoid delays.
as  an elk hunting guide here in idaho i designed and developed a way of  making elk and turkey calls in the back country so i had a fresh call  every day. now you can make your own turkey and elk   diaphragm calls for as little as $1.60 each. we have been selling our kits since 2000  and our hunting partnerships continue to grow with satisfied customers  from coast to coast.
our kits come with enough materials to make 15 calls and we also   have refill kits available.
to order your elk or turkey call kit today just   select the link button on the left for the product you need.







call materials with call press $25.00






call materials only no call press $18.25






cow elk estrus urine cover spray $8.50






cow elk estrus urine cover scent soap $8.50 sold out



turkey calls from www.myelkcall.com


 
the very best for affordable website hosting with access to all your statistics anytime - anywhere in real time!
 
contact us at:
general information: 

      sales@myelkcall.com
      

    webmaster: 

  marketing@myelkcall.com
 
www.search.com www.attwireless.att.net www.preciomania.com www.siteadvisor.comâ â www.aboutus.org www.l3xicon.com www.whois.domaintools.com www.aolstalker.com www.mycoupons.comâ  www.spyfu.com www.keywordspy.com www.australia.edu http://hk.sou.china.com www.seo-news.com www.heartlandoutdoorsman.com www.tjoos.com www.turkey1cail.happyhost.org www.deer-forums.com www.technolojik.net www.identicards.com

send mail to sales@myelkcall.com â with questions or comments about this web site.
copyright â© 2006 my elk   call


â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â 	                                                       elk calls turkey calls





