







ropeadope




























































news


artists


store


labels


about



sign in
my account






menu









news


artists


store


labels


about



sign in
my account


















new music | j3po


january 17, 2025





we are thrilled to announce new music from julian pollack (j3po) as we chart a very unique year here at ropeadope. following his 2021 release - mains - julian brings us a fresh new project:



‘creativity often comes from unexpected places, and for this album, inspiration was born out of a self-imposed challenge: julian found himself at a crossroads, searching for a way to capture the spontaneity of jazz while embracing the limitless possibilities of modern electronic music, technology, and production. he decided to create a process that would push his boundaries while allowing space for organic ideas to emerge.’recording the album’s live core was just one chapter in this story. in a single day, julian and his trio (featuring paul “papabear” johnson on bass and anwar marshall on drums) entered the studio, capturing the essence of their interplay. the goal was to create a foundation that felt alive—something that reflected the immediacy of jazz while leaving room for further exploration.stay with us as the new album, soul & circuitry, unfolds. first up is birthday song, out today. 

















tee capsule: chapter 2 | 2000-2002


december 26, 2024

















new tees & hoodies available nowwe’ve selected some key designs from 2000 - 2002 that illustrate the evolution of early ropeadope design. designer dave bias was working closely with ropeadope industries founder david wurtzel to shape the look and feel of the clothing lines. certain themes crept in: dogs, sports, and of course memorable cultural moments from philadelphia and new york.drop into the store right here. 

















happy holidays


december 19, 2024





well, it’s that time of year again. in the north the days get shorter and shorter, and as we ponder the madness and sadness of our planet, we feel a tiny glimmer of hope through our connection with the sun. 93 million miles away and still warming our skin. no matter which storyline and belief, we can all feel this double sided sense of hopelessness and hope. so we find a friend, even if they are a stranger, and we hold a little bit of hope in our hearts for the year ahead. 

thanks to dan @ the fundamental sound for the inspiration. 

‘later on, we'll conspire, as we dream by the fireto face unafraid,the plans that we've made,walking in a winter wonderland.’some overlooked lyrics from a well known classic song will tell you what we’re doing over here at ropeadope. we wish you all dreams, strength, and boundless future plans! 








                
                  comment
                
              












bandcamp friday livestream


december  3, 2024















we’re happy to say we’re back on the livestream circuit, starting this friday over at the house of bandcamp. fabian and louis will be spinning some favorite tracks from our 25 years, with some back story and and some front story about our recent trip to see chief adjuah in cartagena, spain. we’ll also announce some limited edition vinyl, released from the vault on friday only. we welcome your comments in the chat, so drop in and hit us up.we’ll be at ropeadope.bandcamp.com/live, and also right here at ropeadope.com/bandcampfriday. join the ropeadope insider news jawn right here. 

















new music | huw


november 20, 2024





aaron dolton aka huw is back with his third collab with richard x bennett. his new album love and forgetting is an interpretation, a jazz inspired downtempo journey of transformation.  a blissed out beat tape, with heart and soul.  it’s one answer to another’s question - ‘can i sample that?’



yes, you can. and when you do, you can expect boom bap beats and downtempo grooves, as aaron dolton (aka huw) deeply reimagines richard x bennett's music. rxb’s scavenger is the source material, a candid exploration of love, sickness and garbage.  by sampling rxb's modern acoustic compositions, the voices of his collaborators and bringing his own beat making skills, huw creates a new alchemy.love and forgetting hits on december 6, with preorders open now. 













older posts →





















































privacy policy | contact | terms of service | press & radio | synch



















































