







	curtains, carpets, blinds, wallpaper, shutters, window fashions dublin





















































open






call us 01 4901655
see our opening hours







covid 19
gift vouchers
home

special offer
accessories & giftware

about

testimonials
gallery

products

curtains
carpets
shutters
wall coverings
blinds
rails
electrics

services
contact

























covid19
gift vouchers















soft furnishing specialists
of curtains, carpets, blinds, wallpaper and shutters















welcome to window fashions

 
at window fashions, dublin we make interior decorating easy. our extensive showroom shows curtains, blinds, carpets, wallpaper and plantation shutters. our qualified and helpful staff are very experienced and will assist you in all areas of interior design.  
with over 30 years in business, all curtains are made in our own workroom by our experienced staff and all products are offered with the guarantee of an excellent back-up service.






gift vouchers now available
phone 01 4901655 for details









































testimonials









thanks for a job well done on the curtains and blinds for the recent refurbishment of our new square residences.
as always, the choice and quality of the fabrics was excellent as was the fitting of rails and curtains at a competitive price. the project was carried out efficiently and on time, even with the tight deadline imposed on your team.
moira bailey, trinity college, dublin







margaretholme is a sheltered housing complex for independant living senior citizens.
we have recently undergone a major refurbishment of our premises which included new curtains and rollerblinds on the windows. we also fitted heavy duty carpet in our common area and lighter duty carpet in apartments.
the quality and workmanship of window fashions and the attention to detail has been first class. we are happy to recommend david and window fashions to any interested parties.
doreen colvin, margaretholme sheltered accomadation (2013)                                                                                                              







thank you so very much david for our new curtains and matching blinds.
they finish the kitchen/breakfast room off perfectly.
it is always such a pleasure dealing with window fashions.
you make it very easy to choose and deliver what is required in terms of quality and service, which we have always received from you over many many years now.
mary h
knocklyon, dublin 16







i have been working with window fashions for the last four years.before i used to organise the making and fitting of curtains myself and what a relief to come across them! in fact it was a client who introduced me to them and the experience was so successful that we have been working together ever since.
the staff are efficient and courteous. they have a vast selection of fabrics.the deliveries are on time.if we had problems with fittings they are sorted out promptly and most of all in a friendly way.
i am delighted to recommend their services.
aurora aleson, interior designer





























want to see
more?
 
view our services






view our location









window fashions

17 rathfarnham road,
 terenure,, 
 dublin 6w, 
 






phone: 01 4901655
email: windowfashions@live.ie





twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube




web design by webtrade.































