     chrysler dodge jeep ram dealership bartlett tn | memphis | collierville                          










                                                                           wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep        sales 901-371-5202    service 901-295-0321  parts 901-979-1626      8170 u s highway 64bartlett, tn 38133                                        service        map        contact                           wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep               call 901-371-5202   directions                      new    new    new inventory   new jeep inventory    new ram inventory    new dodge inventory   new chrysler inventory   new wagoneer inventory   pre-order your new chrysler, dodge, jeep, or ram   explore electric vehicles   2023 dodge chargers & challengers   kbb trade-in value   research     used   used inventory   certified pre-owned inventory   used specials   kbb trade-in value     we buy cars   specials   specials   lease deals   finance specials   used specials   service specials   parts specials   manufacturer specials   special programs     mopar parts & service   mopar parts & service   schedule service   service specials   parts specials   mopar service coupons   express lane   parts department   mopar coupons   mopar recalls     finance   finance department   get pre-approved    bad credit car loans   lease returns   driveplus mastercard®   special financing   kbb trade-in value     about   meet our staff   careers   our dealership   jeep wave   our blog   contact us   testimonials   serving collierville, tn   hours & directions                      home   new    new    new inventory   new jeep inventory    new ram inventory    new dodge inventory   new chrysler inventory   new wagoneer inventory   pre-order your new chrysler, dodge, jeep, or ram   explore electric vehicles   2023 dodge chargers & challengers   kbb trade-in value   research     used   used inventory   certified pre-owned inventory   used specials   kbb trade-in value     we buy cars   specials   specials   lease deals   finance specials   used specials   service specials   parts specials   manufacturer specials   special programs     mopar parts & service   mopar parts & service   schedule service   service specials   parts specials   mopar service coupons   express lane   parts department   mopar coupons   mopar recalls     finance   finance department   get pre-approved    bad credit car loans   lease returns   driveplus mastercard®   special financing   kbb trade-in value     about   meet our staff   careers   our dealership   jeep wave   our blog   contact us   testimonials   serving collierville, tn   hours & directions               




   inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       

                                                                                                                                                                                                                              


      search new inventory     search used inventory        



 
 
 

finance
fill out our online credit application.



get pre-approved 





 
 
 

service
schedule your next appointment today.



schedule service 





 
 
 

we buy cars



buy my car 




     




shop by brand




chrylser





dodge





jeep





ram

















300





pacifica





pacifica hybrid





voyager













charger





challenger





journey





durango












renegade





compass





wrangler





wrangler unlimited





cherokee





grand cherokee





gladiator





wagoneer





grand cherokee l









all-new 1500





1500 classic





ram 2500





ram 3500





ram chassis cab










     






find your next

chrysler, dodge, jeep, and ram
in bartlett, tn


view inventory



             

welcome

wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep
are you in the market for a chrysler, dodge, jeep, or ram vehicle? if so, we invite you to join us at our dealership. we have a big inventory for you to choose from, including new and pre-owned cars. additionally, we provide ample resources through our finance center and our service center.
come check out our new chrysler, dodge, jeep, and ram cars for sale. we’d love to show you a ram 1500, a dodge charger, even a jeep grand cherokee for sale in bartlett, tn. and be sure to ask what’s available in our used car dealership.
chrysler dodge jeep ram financing and service in bartlett, tn
for customized loan and lease packages, stop by our finance center. our service center is staffed by qualified technicians ready to take care of your car. whether you need an oil change, brake service, tire service, or something else entirely, our experienced technicians stand ready to meet your every need. make sure you look at the service coupons we offer to find opportunities to save.
to learn more, reach out to our chrysler dodge jeep ram dealership in bartlett, tn, today.


more about us



     

sales hours
    monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 8:00pm    sunday 1:00pm - 5:00pm    

     



follow us


                            


     

welcome to wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep ram in bartlett, tn
with each season comes the opportunity to take advantage of sales offers for new or pre-owned vehicles. at wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep in bartlett, tennessee, we have the inventory and great deals to meet your needs any time of year.
our dealership has a long history as a reputable dealership in bartlett and the surrounding cities of memphis, cordova, arlington, and lakeland. wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep has been serving these communities since 1987 with a focus on establishing a lasting and trustworthy relationship with our customers.
highest volume models
our customers have diverse needs when it comes to the type of vehicle they're interested in buying or leasing. some need a work truck, some want the comfort and convenience of an suv to travel the highways and byways of america, and still others want to feel fast and furious behind the wheel of a powerful muscle car.
at wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep, we have top sellers in every category. our ram trucks are known for their tough durability and versatility. the jeep cherokee and the jeep grand cherokee provide the features, amenities, infotainment, and cargo space both families and off-roading enthusiasts need. for the road warrior who wants to make a statement, the dodge charger takes driving to another level of power and performance.
wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep is the perfect place to find a new or certified pre-owned vehicle. fair pricing for trade-ins, honest pricing across the board, special financing for those who need it, and personalized service catering to customer needs––that's what we offer. call or visit us at your earliest convenience and let us show you around.


what we offer
buying or leasing a vehicle is a big investment almost everyone will make more than once. one issue that poses a problem for those with less-than-stellar credit is getting fair financing or any financing for a new or used vehicle. at wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep, we go one step beyond the norm to help credit-challenged customers. our goal is to help each customer fulfill their desire for a vehicle that suits their individual and financial requirements.
why shop with us?
when a customer visits our dealership with a trade-in, they want the best deal available. at wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep, we outdo the competition. our dealership makes buying a new or pre-owned vehicle a bargain by offering the highest trade-in values on the market. we also offer a guarantee to price match all new jeeps, dodges, rams, and chryslers. fair pricing is available to all customers––no exceptions.
service center
our onsite service center provides quality repairs and replacements with superior attention to detail provided by our ase-certified service technicians. our mechanics also only use authentic oem parts and accessories. we provide the convenience of scheduling a service appointment for major repairs and general automotive service in our fully-equipped center. customers also have access to the express lane for quick service such as a multi-point checkup, fluid level checks, tire wear and pressure check, air filter replacement, to name a few, without an appointment.
our high-quality automotive service center is staffed with a team of trained and experienced vehicle service technicians. no matter if you need help with tire rotations, oil changes, engine repairs, brake service, or any other regular maintenance you can imagine, you can have peace of mind knowing you and your car are in good hands at wolfchase. we look forward to seeing you and your vehicle soon, and never forget to check our regularly-rotating selection of service coupons.


                 copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | wolfchase chrysler dodge jeep | 8170 u s highway 64, bartlett, tn 38133 | sales: 901-371-5202             

















                 