




enterprise communications | oracle































































































































































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu














overview


solutions


5g core network
multigenerational network signaling and security
enterprise communications solutions
enterprise communications platform
digital business experience
unified operations
cloud scale monetization
store operations and device leasing
erp and supply chain management
human capital management
cloud infrastructure




communications products
consulting services
customer stories
business insights

















industries
communications












enterprise communications
as you move voip and unified communications to the cloud, oracle enterprise communications solutions help you keep your hybrid communications network reliable and protect against cyberattacks.


request a demo
















the new oracle enterprise communications platform transforms how industries communicate.


read the release













securely connect applications, users, and clouds






deliver secure unified communications for your users
get the highest levels of security for enterprise voip and unified communications. certified for direct routing, oracle communications session border controller protects against cyberattacks and mitigates the effects of ip network impairments.

explore oracle communications enterprise session border controller
explore microsoft teams and oracle communications
explore zoom and oracle communications







empower your teams to deliver successful solutions
gain a thorough understanding of oracle communications network products and solutions to develop and deliver oracle communications network–based solutions faster, at a lower cost, and with reduced risk.
explore the oracle communications network learning subscription (pdf)




















“we selected oracle’s session border controllers because they are flexible, they are cost efficient, and they are very secure. they enable us to connect to all different cloud communications solutions like microsoft teams, zoom phone, and cloud communications centers.”


marty van de veerdonk
solution consultant, anyroute













discover how our customers experience oracle communications
explore more customer stories


anyroute








anyroute delivers seamless, secure, always-on communications with oracle


watch anyroute’s story (3:00)














find resources and more





cloud learning
industry insights
share knowledge












cloud native and ai solutions deliver intelligent and secure hybrid communications
explore how cloud native architectures are optimized for creating, updating, and maintaining applications, security, and network services, enabling faster development and implementation.
get the metrigy report





more information

analyst report: enterprise communications move to the cloud
analyst report: secure and control unified communications from the cloud
video: a secure approach to byoc
analyst report: achieving “byoc” and hybrid uc success
video: ensure successful cloud native adoption (2:13)












establish trust and loyalty with customers using ai
in this webinar, experts from metrigy and oracle share insights into the best practices for building customer trust and loyalty with secure, reliable enterprise communications.
watch the webinar on demand





additional insights

omdia quarterly market tracker: enterprise sbcs and voip gateways
dark reading report: the state of enterprise unified communications and contact center security (pdf)
on-demand webinar: mitigate security risks for bring your own carrier (byoc)
ensuring high quality, and highly available, voice communications (16:59)












enabling hybrid communications
enterprise communications move to cloud based communication solutions, while keeping important parts under the control of the enterprise to create a hybrid communications environment.
download the ebook





more assets

webcast series: the agile, next-generation managed service provider
solution brief: oracle secures enterprise networks for microsoft teams (pdf)
ebook: five steps to remove communications infrastructure cost and complexity (pdf)
















get started with oracle communications





request a demo


see a live demo of our enterprise communications solutions.


try a demo







contact us


questions about our solutions? reach out and ask a question.


contact a communications expert



















resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























