baker street investigations - baker street investigationsabout usservicesattorney servicesconsumer servicesfaqcontact usselect page   baker streetinvestigationsthe treasure coast’s finest private investigation andprocess serving services.contact us today!welcome to baker street investigationsbaker street investigations provides private investigator and process service within the state of florida, largely within the fort pierce, port st. lucie, stuart and okeechobee areas.having a professional investigative team working on your behalf will save you valuable time, effort and money. in many instances, hiring a private investigator may be the only truly practical solution to your problems. at the conclusion of a baker street investigations investigation, you will receive a fully detailed report in either hard copy or electronic media depending upon your wishes and needs.if you are a current baker street investigations florida private investigator case or florida process server client and wish to make a payment please click on the link below.make a payment with paypalcall usinvestigations: (772) 529 1964process service: (772) 529 1964hours9:00 am to 5:00 pm (eastern standard time), monday through fridayemail usinvestigations: bakerstreet007@gmail.comprocess service: processservice@bakerstreetinvestigations.comaddressbaker street investigations, inc.p.o.box 564stuart, florida 34995expert investigators. professional care.we provide highly professional private investigator and process serving throughout the treasure coast region. our caring, knowledgable staff will work night and day to help you, your firm or your case.about usaccepting new clientswe always welcome new clients and look forward to working with them throughout the treasure coast region and the state of florida.services for individualswe know how difficult it can be to hire a private investigator to look into delicate matters. we provide the utmost discretion and work in many areas to assist our clients in finding answers and people, as well as to help landlords service eviction papers and other documents.background checksinfidelity / divorceprocess servicecovert surveillancechild custodywitness credibility, location / skip tracingcontact us today!attorney investigative and process serving servicescourt testimonysurveillanceprocess servicecriminal defensedeath penalty mitigationwitness credibility, location / skip tracingdanielle t.my family and i would recommend her services 100%marcia gillings at baker street investigations brought such relief to our family during a time of uncertainty. she was very professional, worked quickly, and brought us the information we needed to help get us through a very tough situation. my family and i would recommend her services 100% and will always be grateful to her!peter t. gianino, esquire grazi & gianino, llpabove and beyondthe services provided were swift, contained the information we needed, and were reasonably priced. we have used baker street process for many years and will continue to do so.arthur brandt, attorney at lawgreat job!thanks for a wonderful job. very professional.speak with an expertbaker street investigations uses their own personnel to take your calls, give assistance and advice. when you contact us you will reach a knowledgeable professional who maintains years of experience and training – not an answering service.contact us todaywhy choose usndedicated professionalswe are parterns with our clients, team players who know how to professionally investigate even the most complex cases.npersonalized servicewe provide uncompromising personal service. from the receptive front and back office staff to the investigators and process servers authorized to manage your case, we work with you not just for you.nover 30 years in businesswe have the experience and a wide range of contacts born over decades of investigation and process service on the treasure coast.contact usbaker street investigations, inc.p.o.box 564stuart, florida 34995investigations: (772) 529 1964e-mail investigations: bakerstreet007@gmail.comprocess service: (772) 529 1964e-mail process service: processservice@bakerstreetinvestigations.comstate of florida license: a 9700345site maphomeabout usconsumer servicesattorney servicesfrequently asked questionscontact usprivacy policyterms and conditionswebsite accessibility statementaffiliationswebsite designed and coded by : website development shopcopyright © 2022 baker street investigations and process service. all rights reserved.florida private investigators, florida private detectives — serving all-florida p.i. & florida treasure coast: arcadia, clearwater, clewiston, daytona, daytona beach , ft. lauderdale, ft. myers, ft. pierce, hobe sound, indiantown, jensen beach, jupiter, key west, lake placid, lakeland, leesburg, melbourne , miami – miami beach, naples, okeechobee, orlando, port charlotte, port st. lucie, sarasota , sebring, stuart, tampa, st. petersburg, clearwater, vero beach, west palm beach, winter haven, bahamas.