











oregon reverse home mortgages | elderloan



















available any time. call 7 days a week.  (503) 805-9185


elderloan






home


meet your loan officer

common questions


references from other seniors


contact us











find out how much you can get with an fha reverse mortgage


 

first name

last name

phone number

email


                            date of birth 

format: mm/dd/yyyye.g. 01/31/1949
                                    you must be 62 or older to qualify for a reverse mortgage.
                                





estimated home value


                            mortgage amount
                            

any debt that affects the title to your home. this would include mortgages, tax liens, mechanic's liens, etc.



address

city


state



zip code



please complete all fields

 






 

privacy policy:  we share none of the information from the above screen
                        with any agency, company or organization.  your information is taken solely for the purpose
                        of responding to your request for reverse mortgage information.  if you change your mind
                        and do not wish to be contacted, e-mail dan at dhclark@comcast.net 
welcome to edgewater funding inc.
what makes edgewater funding different?

we are seniors also and understand the values of courtesy and respect
we have been specializing in reverse mortgages for the past ten years
we are a husband and wife team with combined experience of seventeen years working only with
                            reverse mortgages
                        

loan originators in oregon and washington are listed under the nmls national mortgage licensing
                        and registry system and licensed in the states of oregon and washington. my unique identifying
                        number is:

washington nmls id (mortgage loan originator license no)-72102
oregon nmls id (license no)-72102
edgewater nmls company id: oregon and washington- 116868

to access information regarding edgewater funding or dan clark (nmls-72102) on
                        the nmls site, click on the following link: http://www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org/

edgewater
                            funding, inc.


18270 sw boones ferry rd, suite 4, portland, or 97224 










fha reverse mortgage facts


choose the payout option that you want.
no mortgage payments, still pay taxes and insurance.
still own and live in your home while receiving cash.
the loan is insured by fha.
you may pay off the loan at any time with no penalty.






meet your loan officer




hello seniors,
i always want to know a bit about the person that i am talking to when i am doing business with
                            someone. so here is some information regarding myself.
i was born and raised in hillsboro or. i went to portland state university and graduated in 1967.
i am 78 years old myself and so have an understanding of what it means to have the need for funds
                            to retire, provide for a spouse who is also aging and allow for some financial security to carry me through my life expectancy.

learn more


                            dan clark,
                            nmls number: 72102
                        











edgewater funding references

"we will tell other friends, really anyone thinking about a reverse mortgage,
                                        about your integrity, knowledge and experience as brokers. we value your
                                        professionalism and now, your friendship."
g & s y - oregon
"you both are delightful to work with and we would not hesitate in referring
                                        anyone to you for their reverse mortgage!"
darryl and dorothea b. - portland, or
"how does a 77 year old widow say thank you for helping her start a whole new and
                                        exciting life?"
shirlee e. - battleground, wa
"anytime i talk about rm to my friends, i tell them i know capable, honest people
                                        that can help them."
elsa l. - nehalem, or
"doing business with you has been like doing business the old fashioned way. your
                                        personal attention, professionalism and prompt response to all of our questions,
                                        combined with excellent follow through had made these transactions almost
                                        effortless."
roy and heather a. - mukilteo, wa
"your expertise in educating our real estate attorney and the title company were
                                        what made our reverse mortgage happen."
bob and kathy s. - bremerton, wa
"their experience made the whole process easy. if you want to work with capable
                                        people that have integrity, have dan and rory on your team!!!"
bobby m. - bremerton, wa
"i am 90 years old so needed a lot of help. rory and dan were always there with
                                        the right answers and so cheerfully given. they are such nice people i hope to
                                        keep
                                        their friendship always. i can't recommend them highly enough."
miriam p. - tacoma, wa





 


















 


        these materials are not from hud or fha, and were not approved by hud or a government agency.
    







© 2008-2025 edgewater funding inc. all rights reserved.






