








2025 thirdpath virtual parents forum








































































skip to content
































 
homeabout about us our team and board of directors in the newssolutions free resources thirdpath parent’s forum work redesign family redesign leadership redesign overwhelm mitigation groups: omg become an integrated life advocatestorieslearn across the life cycle blog thursdays with thirdpath podcastconnectdonate












search

















 














































redesigning work, family, and leadership
























thirdpath exists to support and connect people who want time and energy enough for all parts of life. people who are tired of constantly struggling to meet the demands of work, care, and community. people who know there must be a better way. people like you.
for over twenty years, thirdpath has been helping individuals develop the skills necessary for living an integrated life. below are three of the most common areas where people feel overwhelmed or out of balance. click to explore how thirdpath can support you to make a change.
























family redesigni want more time with the people who matter most to me, and i'm looking for new solutions that help me show up and feel more satisfied with the way our family and loved ones are able to take care of each other, including my own needs for self-care.


learn more


 



















work redesigni want work to be part of my life, not all of it. i'm looking for help setting boundaries, imagining creative solutions, and negotiating for support at my job. i'm excited to see how thinking in new ways might better meet my work and life needs.


learn more


 



















leadership redesigni want to be a role model for my team and find smart strategies to avoid burnout. i'm interested in cutting-edge thought leadership that helps me secure the best talent and navigate the ever-changing demands of the modern workplace.


learn more


 

























































learn from our community











we are proud of our diverse community of pioneers who are finding their own third paths. together, we are reshaping what it means to lead a team, be a caregiver, shine at work, and flourish as human beings. if you're ready to find your own unique way forward, check out our across the life cycle blog right now.













our most recent blog posts 








 

 



the high performer’s paradox: when working harder holds you back


we often believe that pushing ourselves harder is the key to success. what if this belief is hindering our career advancement and personal fulfillment?






 

 



attend the 2025 thirdpath virtual parents forum


we stand at a pivotal moment in the evolution of work and family life and invite you to be part of two thirdpath events that are reshaping our collective futures.






 

 



shaping the future


here are some inspiring fathers who are recreating their own family narrative and moving away from rigid gender based roles.

































thursdays with thirdpath!













 












thursdays with thirdpath (twtp) is our monthly podcast featuring experts in work-life integration topics.  view our latest episode now (more on our youtube channel)!











































sign up for our newsletter










subscribe!







































 
















get in touch!










(215) 747-8790 










p.o. box 9275, philadelphia pa 19139 










time4life (at) thirdpath.org 









our nonprofit's mission









we assist individuals, families and leaders in finding new ways to redesign work and life to create time for family, community and other life priorities. we are developing a growing community of role models and change agents to influence wider change— within both organizations and families. we support a new mind-set where everyone can follow a "third path"—an integrated approach to work and life.












follow us












































donate




















© 2025 thirdpath. all rights reserved. | powered by maple creative









 















