






home » northwest museum of arts and culture












































visit


plan your visit


adult group visits


field trips


mac café 


museum store


blue star museum


museums on us® from bank of america




exhibitions


current exhibitions


upcoming exhibitions


campbell house


online exhibitions




exhibition proposals




programs


adult programs


youth programs


field trips


mac pack in schools


teens @ the mac


story and craft


camps




special events


artfest




educator resources


visual thinking strategies




internships




collections


collections


american indian collection


nagpra




art collection


regional history collection


research archives


online collections search


object search


photograph search




preservation and assessment




support


become a member


donate


corporate support


legacy giving


types of planned giving




volunteer


shop online


art source


event rentals




calendar

















now open
samurai, sunrise, sunset
 february 1-june 1, 2025 image ©archivio fotografico museo stibbert.
exhibition info







now open
the evolution of the japanese sword
 january 18-may 4, 2025 fuchi kashira (handle collar and end cap), 18th century by hisanori. this set made of shakudo alloy, gold, and silver, features an elaborate design of peacocks, which were often kept by high level samurai as sentries on their grounds due to their territorial nature. image courtesy jidai arts. 
exhibition info







opens today
andrea joyce heimer: no name that i know of
 february 14-may 25, 2025gallery talk with the artist and curatorsaturday, february 15, 2-3 pmabridged title: when i was about 11 and had a bright pink windbreaker we would go to the horse sale outside of town to watch the bidders buy this horse or that horse [...] (detail), 2022, acrylic on panel, 60 x 80 in (152.4 x 203. 2 cm). image courtesy of the artist and megan mulrooney.
exhibition ino







artwork by 40 women, spanning 140 years
woman, artist, catalyst: art from the permanent collection
 through march 9, 2025painted pony series: hudson bay, 1985. juane quick-to-see smith, oil, pastel, graphite on paper, gift of joe feddersen, 2021 (4466.1).
exhibition info







previous



next





plan a visit
from gallery hours to parking, learn everything you need to know for a visit to the mac.
get started


become a member
membership at the mac means benefits. including store discounts and exclusive ticket deals!
join now


attend a program
experience lectures, demonstrations, films, live performances, tours, and hands-on instruction.
get information





experiences that enrich & inspirewe provide an exposure to art, history and culture from our region and beyond to over 100,000 visitors annually, including thousands of students. we preserve collections of more than one million artifacts and archival materials, including a comprehensive collection of art, historical objects, and textiles from this region, a significant research archive, and the largest known collection of plateau indian art and artifacts.









exhibitions









events calendar









online resources









donate









what membership at the mac means
your annual membership directly funds exhibitions, educational programs, and events, and helps to preserve and make the museum’s collections accessible to the community. these collections are an integral part of the heritage of this region. your online transaction is secure.
join now







read the latest mac news





location & hours
northwest museum of arts and culture
2316 west first avenue
                    spokane, washington 99201
museum exhibits and store hours
                tuesday through sunday: 10 am–5 pm;
last wednesday of the month: 10 am-8 pm
            




stay up to date on all things mac with your choice of monthly emails
exhibitions | programs | families | educators | special events | mac after hours
take your pick












founded in 1916, the northwest museum of arts and culture is the largest cultural organization in the inland northwest, serving more than 100,000 visitors a year.




about


art source


event rentals


museum store


contact












join + support


become a member


donate


volunteer





get in touch

2316 west first avenue
spokane,
                            washington
99201
united states



509-456-3931





facebook
find us on facebook as northwestmuseumofartandculture




instagram
follow us on instagram as northwestmuseum




linkedin
connect with us on linkedin as northwest-museum-of-arts-and-culture




youtube
subscribe to our youtube channel: ucu8ddytqkfefhsuszh88ewq








©2025 northwest museum of arts and culture. site design ©2025 116 & west. all rights reserved.













