 


kensington-distributor of connector solutions, specializing in hypertronics

























manufacturers
products
shop online
news
product spotlights
white papers
cable assembly
alternative energy
about us
kensington in the "kommunity"
contact us


			your value-added interconnect, electromechanical and electronic component distributor



		 
	























  


• 
• 












line card
kensington offers a wide variety of products to better fulfill your connector needs!
call us today for more information! 800-325-0534
















view products offered by manufacturer.


shop online
enter the part number that you seek to check our inventory and use our easy, one-click shopping cart.




online store








product notifications of the month
smiths interconnect intercompact series - smiths interconnect announced the release of its new intercompact series, a light weight, compact signal and ethernet pcb connector solution designed and qualified to provide a stable connection in demanding rail and industrial applications.
read+
smiths interconnect hypergrip® flex connector series - hypergrip® flex connectors offer a cost-effective design for standard cycle life applications.
read+
omnetics - looking for a nano circular usb the size of a thumbtack? look no further...
read+
fischer connectors freedom series just got bigger...by going smaller and adding a quick detach system.
read+



certs & memberships
click on a logo for more information:
       


























smiths interconnect's superior hypertac hyperboloid contact technology, with proven heritage in harsh applications, offers immunity to fretting, shock and vibration, very low insertion/extraction forces, and contact resistance for optimal electrical performance.
read+







fischer connectors wants to know what freedom means to you.

					climbing a mountain during a wind and snow storm while staying connected? fighting a fire while staying connected to data and power? designing a wearable free of constraints?






how does smiths interconnect empower women in the science and engineering fields?






fischer connectors solves the lightweight, high-density need.

					with applications becoming smaller or even miniature, we need small, lightweight connectors now more than ever - without sacrificing durability or functionality. high pin density in a smaller body that weighs less...now we're talking.






stäubli combitac configurator

					combitax direqt is the modular connector system for power, signal and pneumatic. for fast and easy insertion and removal of all parts, simply click and connect!






smiths interconnect is highly reliable in space.

					space applications are tough...literally. where can i find high reliability solutions?
					








terms & conditions
		 | 
		quality policy
		 | 
		privacy policy
		 | 
		security statement
		 | 
		export-import controls
		 | 
		returns policy

general purchase order requirements







website by icdg


				copyright © 1996-2025 kensington electronics, inc. all rights reserved.
	



 

