





reef ocean resort – oceanfront hotel in vero beach/timeshare

































































 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerreef ocean resortoceanfront hotel in vero beach/timeshareaccommodations

studio unit
efficiency unit
1 bedroom unit


amenities
attractions
book your stay
ownership

member’s page
listings


directions
contact us

blog


(800) 662 7333


accommodations



amenities



attractions



become an owner



photos



map & directions


 


tour our newly remodeled accommodations at 
the reef ocean resort.
►

	(video by visit vero beach, hosted on youtube)


https://youtu.be/qxlrvxzgyze





















 


what our guests say:








melissa hall


				"perfect place for a family vacation! i am super picky about cleanliness (i inspect sheets, towels, etc) and everything passed my standards."			








orlando flores


				"this newly renovated resort sets itself apart and gives you the tropical florida everyone wants to experience."			








mark carroll


				"great location to hang out and meet up with friends and family. great food and customer service."			








tripadvisor guest


				"from the staff to the members everyone was great. so great that we are members now. lots to do or lots not to do in the area. your choice. the view though cannot be beat though. although i must admit the pool was the winning factor for me."			








raphael santa maria


				"we love this resort in particular because is so well maintained and the staff is excellent."			








amy willtrout


				"absolutely amazing place to stay. we had an ocean-facing room. we walked down to waldo's for dinner and then came back to the room. we slept with our sliding glass door open and listened to the waves all night."			








mary riggs, toledo, ohio


"we enjoy the picnic area and the grills and the daily activities. we also appreciate the clean pool and lovely landscaping.”

  








denise shiney, inverness, fl


"i must admit that i wasn’t too keen on the timeshare, but through a family member, i was blown away when i walked into our unit. words can’t express how my family and i feel. it was wonderful! thank you very much!"

  








penny and tina spurlock, cattlesburg, ky


"everything was just excellent including the weather. had a terrific week and can’t wait to return next year.”

  








betty and ing coulter, palm bay, fl


coming to the reef is something that i look forward to doing. the staff is great and the atmosphere is so friendly. ” 

  








thomas hunsicker


"very relaxing and quiet; love strolling on the beach; a great getaway. congratulations on the recovery. keep up the good work, and congratulations to the staff too."

  








ronnie and bob mayer,  deerfield beach, fl


"after 22 years its like a reunion, and it keeps getting better. although we may be getting older, we love it. “

  








don, susan, and steve byle


"you made us feel as though we were welcomed home. we would like to thank the reef board, management, and staff for the wonderful job of reconstructing our resort. the reef is better than ever!”

  








thomas & kathy king & family


"loved the beautiful ocean view from the porch area and enjoyed the pool and pool area very much.”

 			








suzanne & samuel culin


"congratulations to you and your staff. after seeing the devastation of our neighboring properties we are amazed and thrilled to see how great the reef units look.”

  








randy and sue mcgowan


"everyone so extremely accommodating and eager to please,  many thanks” 

  


 



footer
 3450 ocean drive
vero beach, fl 32963
reservations (800) 662 7333
direct (772) 231 1000


home
contact
blog
for members

 reef ocean resort beach cam
facebooktwitter
copyright © 2025 · reef ocean resort · responsive website by social-cindy.com 



























