




nevada day - nevada day












































































skip to content

















home
nevada gift shop
sponsors
community connections
all nevada day weekend events
aboutexpand


event videosexpand


re/max balloon launch
single jack rock drilling
the beard contest




nevada day parade historyexpand


past themes


applicationsexpand


nevada day parade rules and policies
parade entry form
vendor entry form
become a sponsor
volunteers


newsexpand


2024 parade grand marshal
press releases
in the media


contactexpand


board of directors


emergency information
 



facebook
instagram
























facebook
instagram




toggle menu























									slider images courtesy of “visit carson city” 









 








00 days 00 hours 00 minutes 00 seconds 

















the largest celebration of statehood in the nation 










each october, nevadans focus on carson city, the home of the “official” nevada day parade. since 1938, this parade has celebrated nevada’s heritage and the founding of our great state on october 31, 1864! organized by a dedicated team of unpaid volunteers, these board members work tirelessly year-round to ensure the parade’s success.to fund the events, we receive minimal grant funding from carson city, operate a year-round gift shop featuring items created by board members and local artists, and rely heavily on community support.here you will find all the information you need to enjoy the nevada day parade, the balloon launch, the world championship single jack rock drill competition, and the beard contest. we’ve also included an archive of past parades and programs. as new information becomes available, we’ll update the relevant pages. 











plan your nevada day  list of events 














click here















8:00 am – re/max balloon launchtakes place from fairview to downtown carson street. you can’t miss the balloons as they fly overhead starting our annual celebration in style!
10:00 am – nevada day paradebegins with a military flyover and 200 + entries marching down carson st. from william (hwy 50) to stewart. expect it to take about 4 hours to complete.
11:00am – world championship single-jack rock drill competition begins at the carson mall. this unique and historic event celebrates 51 years in carson city at the nevada day celebration!
2:00 pm(or immediately after parade ends) the beard contest starts in mcfadden plaza. anyone with a beard can enter, this is a lot of fun!
3:00pm till 6:00pm – post parade celebration takes place on telegraph, curry and proctor streets. come visit our downtown vendors and enjoy the many bands playing in our street festival!
9:00am till 3:00pm: the nevada gift shop will be open for all your official nevada day apparel, buttons, stickers and other items. come see us at 1013 s. carson street near red’s 395 grill. 










 





faq's 















why do we celebrate nevada day?



 


 





                            to remind the citizens how and when nevada became a state. we are the only state to continually celebrate our historical entry into the union and  that makes us unique.                        





why do the parade?



 


 





                            nevada day is more than just a parade! it is nevada’s heritage celebration, a gathering of community spirit on the last week of october to salute our state’s past and look ahead to its future.                        





who conducts the parade?



 


 





the parade is organized by nevada day inc. a not for profit 501c3 business. 





what year did the parade start?



 


 





the modern parade started in 1938 in carson city but the history on commemorating our statehood predates the 1938 parade by more than 60 years thanks to the society of nevadans who hosted smaller celebrations throughout the state. 





who supports the nevada day parade, and how?



 


 





grants from our local city government, donations, sponsorships, parade entry fees and lots volunteer hours. 





where do the funds go?



 


 





entry fees go directly to conducting the parade and back into the community through vendors, permits, insurance, and operating costs, etc. 





how do i get into the parade?



 


 





                            simply fill out and submit a parade application.                        



 











nevada fun facts 










 




							admission to statehood						


						october 31st, 1864					













 




							state motto						


						all for our country					













 




							constitution						


						36th state					

















 




							state nickname						


						the silver state					













 




							state bird						


						mountain bluebird					













 




							state flower						


						sagebrush					

















 




							state reptile						


						desert tortoise					













 




							state song						


						home means nevada					













 




							state tree						


						single-leaf piñon and bristlecone pine					

















 





sing along to our state song 





 






 












nevada day parade!     come join the fun! 




 













latest announcements and events 










 






























 

























facebook
instagram
 















celebrate nevada day
	we are the largest celebration of statehood in the nation! since 1938, the nevada day parade in carson city has been an annual coming together to celebrate nevada’s heritage and the founding of this great state on october 31, 1864!
 





 





contact1013 s carson st, carson city, nv 89701
m - f: 11am to 3pm
(775) 882-2600
nevadaday@nevadaday.com 













© 2025 nevada day | theme re-design by dmc and philly puddy
 
























home
nevada gift shop
sponsors
community connections
all nevada day weekend events
abouttoggle child menuexpand


event videostoggle child menuexpand


re/max balloon launch
single jack rock drilling
the beard contest




nevada day parade historytoggle child menuexpand


past themes


applicationstoggle child menuexpand


nevada day parade rules and policies
parade entry form
vendor entry form
become a sponsor
volunteers


newstoggle child menuexpand


2024 parade grand marshal
press releases
in the media


contacttoggle child menuexpand


board of directors


emergency information
 






































