






















rennie's rose red poodles



our
pages are viewed best with a screen resolution of 1024 x 768
*


 


rennie's
rose red poodles






*directory*







all
about us!




poodle
information




poodle
pictures




poodle
links




contact
us




site
map




marsi's
miniatures







your search
for a 
poodle puppy
can end 
here!



check us out on facebook 
and instagram










this
is chancey



 

 searching
for a toy poodle puppy for sale?
trying
to locate a top breeder of a toy poodle,  teacup poodle, or miniature
poodle puppy?
what
colors do you seek, a rose red, mahoghany red, apricot, red,  brown
or black poodle puppy?
is
your goal to find a breeder of high quality or show quality poodles, or
are you just looking for any kind of puppies for sale?
 
rennie's rose
red poodles is a breeder of show quality poodles, producing high quality
toy, miniature and teacup poodle puppies. 
we provide rose
red, mahoghany red, apricot, red, black, or brown poodles each with a five-generation
pedigree.

 


welcome
to rennie's rose red poodles featuring high quality rose red toy poodle
puppies !




*you have reached
the web home of a poodle breeder of show quality poodles and high quality
toy, miniature and teacup poodle puppies.   we produce the deepest
of rose red, mahogany red, apricot, red, black, or brown poodles and each
one is presented to the new owner with a five-generation
pedigree.
*reaching the
web home of rennie's rose red poodles likely means
that you are searching for a toy poodle puppy for sale.   further
to your arrival here it would indicate that you have been using the internet
very specifically to identify a top breeder of a toy poodle, teacup poodle,
or miniature poodle puppy!   we believe that your quest can end
with rennie's rose red poodles! 
*at this point
you may have decided that you prefer one of the primary colors; and seek
a rose red, apricot, red, black or brown poodle puppy.   surely
your goal is to find a breeder of high quality or show quality poodles,
but then again might be seeking any kind of puppies for sale. 
*no doubt you
have discovered that the internet today features a host of miniature poodle
breeders, toy poodle breeders, and show quality poodle breeders that have
definitely made their existence known.   so how do you distinguish
which poodle breeder is best, is there a way to establish a poodle breeder's
credentials? 
*the majority
of poodle web sites are unable to tell you much about the integrity of
poodle breeders.  each site will go on and on about how great they
are as poodle breeders, and certainly none of these breeders would ever
admit to being unscrupulous.  further a poodle breeder is not likely
to tell you when their kennels may be overcrowded, and surely they would
stop short of indicating if they are operating a puppy mill. 
*so how do you
identify the poodle breeder that will provide you with a wonderful new
puppy as a member of your family?  well, your chances of finding a
high quality puppy improve somewhat if the breeder mentions puppy registration
with the american kennel club, akc, but perhaps more assuredly with the
united
kennel club, ukc. 
*pedigrees are
what distinguish the poodle champions and we offer a five-generation
pedigree with every one of our puppies.  on that pedigree, the
champions in the background of that puppy will tell a lot.  the more
champions that are listed, the better chance exists that this puppy is
of very high quality. 
*perhaps an attribute
that is most often overlooked by many breeders is the temperament of a
puppy.  of course each of our puppies is well socialized, but each
of them demonstrates their own unique personality.  matching that
little personality to you as the new owner is one of our highest priorities
and we are proud of our success. 
*rennie's
rose red poodles believes another important criteria is that a breeder
must fully stand by the quality of the puppy.   if they do, the
odds improve greatly that you would get a truly great poodle puppy. 
we at rennie's rose red poodles stand behind the
quality of our puppies and believe our
warranty can provide that margin of comfort you need in making your
selection!
*finally we would
tell you that you should not even take our word for our ability to raise
high quality or show quality puppies.  instead there are
scores
of satisfied customers that can speak for us and we would be pleased
to refer you to any of them.  additionally every one of the veterinarians
that have helped us maintain the health of our little friends can also
attest to the quality of our puppies and our scrupulous efforts to keep
them healthy and happy. 
*hopefully your
visit to rennie's rose red poodles will help you
locate that special puppy that is destined to become the poodle champion
of at least your family!
....and by the
way, if you get a chance, drop in and look at west
coast poodles, my daughter marsi also is a breeder but she specializes
in miniature poodles.
 



thank
you for dropping by, and  welcome again to rennie's rose red poodles
web home, your search for a high quality poodle puppy can end right here!



 



contact  rennie
909.273.0995











go
to the next page!



 
 
 
 

 


privacy
statement
how rennie's
rose red poodles  protects  your private information!


site
map
an alternate
method for navigating rennie's rose red poodles!


accessibility
an explanation
about how the various parts of rennie's rose red poodles works!


contact 
rennie's
rose red poodles if you have any questions about poodles!




copyright © rennie's rose
red poodles, 1997

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



©  all
content contained herein is is protected by state and federal copyrights
as may be applicable!    reproduction or use of any kind
is only possible with the express written consent of the author or rennie's
rose red poodles.



 



site
designed, maintained and hosted by lcmg:



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 


