






burger farms | let's grow something fun together





























winter garden center hours:
monday thru friday - 9am to 5pm, saturday - 9am to 5pm, sunday - 10am to 5pm
come visit our warm greenhouse for some great discounts on beautiful house plants.  chase those winter blues away with greenery!
we are now hiring for seasonal spring time work!  if you like to be outside and enjoy beautiful plants and working with people; this job could be for you.  hours are flexible and weekend availability is required.  see our employment opportunities tab below for job descriptions - apply online or stop in and fill out an application.
 
 
 









followfollow












give us a call
(513) 561-8634






visit us
7849 main street (st. rt. 32)newtown, oh 45244





















home
garden center

annuals
perennials
roses
trees & shrubs
vegetables, herbs & berries
mulch & soil
houseplants
pest & weed control
fertilizers & plant food
pottery


learning center
fall fun at the farm
buy a gift
visit us












 














it's the most wonderful time of the yearit’s winter fun for the whole family at burger farm
see our christmas specials








let's grow something fun together!we have everything you need to have the most beautiful yard in cincinnati








ask mr. burgerhave any questions about gardening or lawncare? we’ve got the answers!
ask mr. burger








join the clubreceive $5 in burger bucks for every $100 you spend
join now












welcome to burger farm
family owned and operated since 1904, we supply all of your landscape and gardening needs in one convenient spot. we provide our customers the freshest plants and best gardening accessories in the greater cincinnati area.

learn more














knowledgeable staff
take advantage of our expertise. our staff has over 220 years of collective experience.








wide variety
enjoy browsing our wide variety of plants. whether you are a beginner or an enthusiast, we have something for you.








beginner friendly
still finding your green thumb? we love answering questions and helping newbies pick the best plants for their situation.









we have everything you need
take a look at our wide variety of plants and products. you’re sure to find what you need for your lawn, landscaping, house or gift. each season brings new products, be sure to stop by our garden center and browse our latest selections.







annuals





perennials





roses





trees & shrubs





veggies & herbs







mulch & soil





houseplants





weed control





fertilizers





pottery










join the club!

join our preferred gardener's club and receive $5 in burger farm bonus bucks for every 100 points you earn. every dollar spent equals 1 point.

learn more









latest news from the farm


stay up-to-date with all of the latest news, announcements, and seasonal alerts from burger farm.











merry christmas and happy new year

dec 17, 2024burger farm and garden center and it's family and employees would like to take this opportunity to say thank you for another wonderful year and for supporting a local family...
read more




come visit with santa

nov 20, 2024just received this letter from santa!! i'll be returning to burger farm and would love to meet you and your family to discover the true meaning of christmas. everyone will...
read more




it’s about to look a little bit like christmas!

nov 20, 2024fresh cut christmas trees, pine roping, wreaths, poinsettias and other fresh greenery have arrived to fulfill your holiday decorating needs. christmas tree varieties this year...
read more







 












quick links




about burger farm
our garden center guarantee
seasonal events and classes
garden & landscape consult + design
resources
employment opportunities










followfollow



tips & offers


we will keep you informed with our latest tips and promotions.





success!



first name



last name



email





subscribe












garden center hours

winter hours
mon to fri - 9am to 5pm
saturday - 9am to 5pm 
sunday - 10am to 5pm
 
 




our location

7849 main street (st. rt. 32)newtown, oh 45244









copyright © 2023 burger farms. all rights reserved.



 






















