powell genealogical services – over 30 years experience   skip to content pgsinfo@powellgenealogy.com  like us on facebook!  powell genealogical servicesover 30 years experiencewelcomeaboutlecturesupcoming appearancesrecorded presentations and coursespast audiencesresearchpennsylvania resourcesfor salebiographylectureselissa scalise powell is available to speak at your next seminar or society meeting. the topics below have been well received by national, regional, and local audiences. please e-mail me to discuss your date, program and budget. you may download lecturebrochure2019 or view the current schedule here. recorded lectures and courses can be found here. methodology beating the bushes: using…  know more researchit has been said that family history research, or genealogy, is the second largest hobby (after stamp and coin collecting). everyone does have a family, and a curiosity about who has gone before us drives our quest to seek information on our ancestors. you begin by collecting the names, dates and places of your relatives’…  know more recorded presentations and coursesyou may view or purchase the following virtual presentations and courses by elissa scalise powell, cg, cgl, using the links provided. there are three different websites that host these recordings. family tree webinars the following lectures, presented by elissa scalise powell, can be accessed through familytreewebinars. lectures are available individually by yearly subscription for access to…  know more  pennsylvania resourcespennsylvania resources facts and links about pennsylvania pennsylvania state library resource pennsylvania county histories cyndi’s list county mailing lists allegheny county http://www.alleghenycounty.us/regwills/index.aspx population: 1,281,666 (2000); 1,336,449 (1990); 1,447,541 (1980) land area: 730 square miles county seat: pittsburgh median household income in 1999: $38,329 year organized: 1788 neighboring counties: northeast: armstrong county, pennsylvania west: beaver county, pennsylvania north: butler county, pennsylvania south: washington county, pennsylvania east: westmoreland…lectureselissa scalise powell is available to speak at your next seminar or society meeting. the topics below have been well received by national, regional, and local audiences. please e-mail me to discuss your date, program and budget. you may download lecturebrochure2019 or view the current schedule here. recorded lectures and courses can be found here. methodology beating the bushes: using…researchit has been said that family history research, or genealogy, is the second largest hobby (after stamp and coin collecting). everyone does have a family, and a curiosity about who has gone before us drives our quest to seek information on our ancestors. you begin by collecting the names, dates and places of your relatives’…  recent posts hello world! welcome   it has been said that family history research, or genealogy, is the second largest hobby (after stamp and coin collecting). everyone does have a family, and a curiosity about who has gone before us drives our quest to seek information on our ancestors. you begin by collecting the names, dates and places of your relatives’ births, marriages, deaths, and burials starting with the most recent generations and working your way back, one generation at a time.once you have talked with all the relatives, collected the birth, marriage, and death certificates, newspaper obituaries, and census records, you may feel that you need professional help in order to further your research.powell genealogical services has been performing research in the western pennsylvania area since 1990, and is quite familiar with the resources specific to this area. we have helped clients with both large and small projects — from finding just one obituary to finding a family who passed through western pennsylvania to finding the heirs of an estate. please click on research for more information on researching in the western pennsylvania region.does your society need a program? please consult our lectures page and contact us for further discussion about your programming needs.looking for privately published or rare books of the western pennsylvania area? check out the for sale page.contact informationpowell genealogical services 720 highpoint drive wexford, pa 15090-7571email : pgsinfo@powellgenealogy.com     recent posts hello world!recent commentsarchivesseptember 2018categoriesuncategorizedmetalog inentries feedcomments feedwordpress.org     board-certified genealogist since 1995; certified genealogical lecturer since 2011 association of professional genealogists achievement award  © all right reserved 2025 powell genealogical services education base by acme themes  