


















home - our lady's rosary makers



























































					 				

 502.968.1434
 info@olrm.org 











menuaboutlearnhow to pray the rosaryhow to make a rosarythe 15 promises of maryofficial church writings on the rosary closeactmissionguildsmembership closeshopresourcespublicationsmessenger closecontact















welcome to our lady’s rosary makers





our lady’s rosary makers was founded in 1949 by brother sylvan mattingly, c.f.x. this xaverian brother taught people to make rosaries on the premise that they would make rosaries and distribute them freely to missionaries. our mission, set forth by our founder, brother sylvan, who envisioned a world in which all god’s children, possessing an instrument of peace and comfort, would work to fulfill our lady’s requests at fatima, to pray the rosary daily, is to provide those in need of a rosary with one.
olrm provides low cost materials, resources, and support in the spirit of br. sylvan’s mission and vision. we are a member driven, non-profit, catholic lay apostolate within the archdiocese of louisville. our diverse and active members spread devotion through the immaculate heart of mary by making and sharing the rosary with the world’s spiritually needy.












learn about olrm
our lady’s rosary makers mission, history and members.






the most holy rosary
the history, prayers, mysteries and promises of the rosary.






olrm’s members
give away free rosaries and bring god’s peace to the world.






make a difference
get involved: missions, guilds, and membership






create rosaries
wire, chain, cord and beaded rosaries / chaplets.






olrm community
contact info, blog, forum, and publications





we are the world leader in quality and mission rosary parts
find rosary parts here








my mother and father, dorothy and hubert pezzi have been making rosaries for several years now. between the the two of them they have donated over 1000 rosaries to your mission. not counting all they made and gave away to friends, family and church members. every new member to their church gets one. she always told me how relaxing it was for her. every bead she added she would say the appropriate prayer. she pasted on 6/6/20. my dad has stopped making them and he use to really enjoy it. he started many years ago and taught mom. i was hoping that asking him to teach me would get him started again. something happened while making my first rosary. a calmness if you will. after making a few my daughter wanted to learn. now the two of us are wanting to make them. mom bought her centerpieces and crucifix’s from you according to dad so we made our first order of hopefully many. once we learn the ins and outs we want to try making heirloom rosaries at some point.









testimonials





i make mission rosaries with olrm supplies. i also make knotted cord rosaries and wire rosaries. i’ve made different chaplets also. i have been making rosaries for maybe 15 years. i belong to a rosary making group in my parish and also provide rosaries to a lady i know who is working for a sainthood cause. i shared a love for the rosary with my mother, who died in 2000. i promised her that i would pray a rosary with her every day whether she was in this world or the next, and i have missed a few days but only a few!
nancy
carlisle, pa





about two months ago, a craft with my children, where we strung beads on kitchen twine to create family rosaries lead us to a much greater purpose. i am so thankful to have found olrm! my children, 7, 5 and 3 (and one more on the way, who will certainly join our work for our lady in time) and i have found such enjoyment making rosaries. and i have been filled with joy watching the kids grow in faith and love of our lady and the lord through this work!
olrm rosary maker
minnesota





my mom and i just joined the forum a couple days ago. we have already shipped 50 cord mission rosaries and are working on another bunch. i am a sixth grader at a catholic school here. my mom taught me how to make the cord mission rosaries last year.
olrm missionary
st. louis





thanks for rosaries and prayers and warm clothing received for children, etc. children who received the warm clothing from our soldiers showed them the whereabouts of two ieds, which might well have killed or maimed the soldiers. please keep us in your prayers.
fr. kevin peek
deployed abroad





sawasdee, all rosary makers. i’m andrew from thailand. i have made rosary as a part-time job for many years. some rosaries for selling and some for giving to those who cannot afford to buy it. i distribute my rosary in a church at the center of bangkok. i just ordered some crucifixes and centerpieces from olrm. i used to go to singapore to buy their items because it’s difficult to find beautiful crucifixes and centerpieces in thailand. may god will be glorified from our mission
andrew
rosary maker from thailand





our latest blog posts and news

our lady of fatima rosary makers of brainerd

 february 2, 2018       editor

our lady of fatima rosary makers of brainerd, mn. began in 1999. all their meetings start by saying the rosary and end with packaging the completed ones for shipping. back row l-r: rose fleischhacker, janet guin, florence nelson and rose … continue reading 


request for rosaries

 february 2, 2018       editor

charity for the missions it is a supreme pleasure to be associated with you in this work for the queen of heaven. you are partaking in a special way in a movement close to the all-loving divine heart of jesus, … continue reading 


15th anniversary –  15 cents

 february 2, 2018       editor

as br. bernard states in today’s lepanto, this october marks the fifteenth anniversary of rosarium virginis mariae, the simple yet sublime apostolic letter of pope saint john paul ii. brother further notes this treatise on the rosary is “worth reading … continue reading 





 























copyright © 2025 our lady's rosary makers international
4611 poplar level rd, louisville, ky 40213
phone: 502.968.1434 - fax: 502.969.8883 - email: info@olrm.org - web: olrm.org








marketing solutions by midstream marketing



















