






rodeo de santa fe - the best, biggest rodeo in santa fe, new mexico. big time rodeo, small town feel.








































buy official rodeo tickets here!




the rodeo

fresh and familiar faces
exceptional rodeo
arena map


events calendar
participate

volunteer
mutton bustin’
barrel racing
rodeo royalty
rodeo partners


contestants
faq
contact












 














want to get close to the action?
explore participation options








ready to rodeo?
get your rodeo tickets now!








share the success!
partner with us








ready to rodeo?
2024 rodeo tickets available now!










rodeo partners





















the sage hotel















concept hotels















eagle eye mechanical, llc















listening horse therapeutic riding















coca cola of santa fe















rocky mountain chimney sweep















wrangler















anytime plumbing















gl runer electric















inn at santa fe















coyote south hotel















rudy’s bar-b-q















tractor supply















chick-fil-a















tlc plumbing, heating, cooling















que suave















master tech















maximize wraps















city of santa fe















cassidy’s landscaping















the pantry dos















mariscos costa azul















copy shack















guadalupe credit union















comfort dental















the cowboy channel















crown royal















4rivers equipment















st. vincent hospital foundation















michelle cole state farm















boot barn















social kitchen and bar















sandoval family chiropractic















the cowboy channel | prca















truly nolen















cavender’s boot city















new mexico gas















the montecito santa fe















admiral beverage corporation















out of the woods horsemanship















buffalo wild wings















baca’s plumbing concepts















tito’s















mortenson silver & saddles















capitol ford















squeaky clean car wash















yin yang chinese cuisine















yellowstone landscape















adobe express















clark & sons, inc.















spyderco















allied electric















fs2 supply co.















big r stores















samsville gallery















zia factory outlet















zenbusiness















nexus health















rl leeder company















marked out leatherworks















lamoreux crane service















santa fe kia















desert myo















all out plumbing and mechanical















century bank















coors















recana















nusenda















hutton broadcasting















spears horn architects















onsite llc















chili’s















duke city redi mix















tesuque casino















outlaw country 107.5












interested in becoming a rodeo de santa fe partner? join us!







let’s rodeo!
2025 performances are here! this year’s annual rodeo de santa fe will be held june 18th  – 21st.
we’ll be bringing you the top cowboys & cowgirls, stock contractor, specialty acts, barrel men, sound man and announcer in the business. get updates on facebook and instagram.
don’t be fooled by third-party ticket agents! use the the button below or scan the qr code to ensure you’re getting your tickets from the source. otherwise you’ll pay too much!

get your official 2025 rodeo tickets





scan this qr code, or call 505-417-9380 to get your tickets.







big time rodeo, small town feeling.

the rodeo de santa fe began in 1949 when roy butler, austin “slim” green, gene petchesky, paul ragle, paul rutledge and few others had a dream and determination to organize a professional rodeo in santa fe, nm. this dream exceeded their ambitious expectations and today remains one of the top 60 prca rodeos in the nation. last year’s rodeo de santa fe drew nearly 500 contestants, including many world champion cowboys and cowgirls. a roster we can expect to see again this year with more up and coming champions.
rodeo de santa fe is fun for the entire family, with many events for the little ones! the mutton bustin’ and youth barrel racers continue to be a crowd favorite of young and old alike! not to mention the concessions, vendors and beer and wine available in all seating areas.













good clean fun
rodeo de santa fe is fun for the entire family, with many events for the little ones! mutton bustin’ and youth barrel racers continue to be a crowd favorite of young and old alike! not to mention the concessions, vendors and beer and wine available in all seating areas.







learn more about rodeo de santa fe







fresh & familiar faces

learn more about the personalities that help make rodeo de santa fe the success that it is.





rodeo royalty

meet the current queen and princess of rodeo de santa fe, learn about the duties and requirements to apply, and download your rodeo royalty application.





exceptional rodeo

open to children and adults with physical and mental exceptionalities, this annual event is a fun way for all to experience the cowboy way of life first hand.



 












arena map
events calendar
faq
vendors
media guidelines
contact
















stay in the know
sign up for our email list to learn about upcoming events and rodeo de santa fe news.














rodeo de santa fe, inc., 3237 rodeo road at paseo de los pueblos/p.o. box 5185, santa fe, nm 87502-5185office: 505-471-4300



 





loading... 



















