





m.v.d.o. web site






m.v.d.o.
mississippi valley darting organization



member login | 
forums | 
contact us | 
admin login




women
kids
men






mvdo home

current standings
current schedules
general league info
bars/sponsors
player history
tournament information
ado information
mvdo calendar
city champions gallery
singles champions gallery

mvdo records



2024 singles champs
bobby dees, jr (a division)

dave ruhland (b division)

michele wiscombe (c division)



            




latest news
rosters and schedules for the spring 2025 season have been uploaded! (1/6/2025)
  rosters and schedules for the spring 2025 season have been uploaded. league play begins this week. captains emails
      will be sent out tuesday afternoon.
  
reminder - home team captains must enter match scores online. instructions on this will be in your captains emails and 
       is here - reporting scores. scores must be entered by friday. failure to do so
       and the home team will receive a forfeit. scores will then have to be sent to dave to get entered. the first two times this happens the scores
       will be adjusted. the third time and the forfeits will remain. if your match is postponed then contact dave madison and
       let him know,
   

mvdo fall 2024 city playoff results (12/29/2024)
congratulations to all the winners 
open team championship
topshooters (justin dement) - open 'b' team champion
open doubles championship
concord bowl (jennifer finney) -  open doubles champion 
topshooters (bill begis) -  'b' doubles champion
open cricket championship
hotshots #5 (ryan anderson) - open 'b' cricket champions
handicapped team championship
hotshots #6 (ken pahlman) - handicapped team champion 


mvdo changes - updated (1/7/2024)
            new update - new ratings structure - a (299-240), b (239-140) and c (139 and below). this will affect division
                designations as a, b or c for city championships and playoffs as well as qualification for mvp. example a 230 
                rated player would be eligible for mvp in a b211 division because they are within 10 of the division rating.
            
due to rising costs of plaques and everything in general, the mvdo is raising their seasonal dues to $25 per player per season. the mvdo has not raised
               dues in over 25 years so hopefully everyone understands. dues will be $25 no matter the season - spring, summer or fall.
           
also, starting with the summer 2023 season, going forward any tuesday or thursday doubles team that has 4 players on their original roster at the start of the season and all four of those players
                play at least 12 games (2 weeks), then a player is eligible for mvp by playing 55% of the possible games instead of the normal 65%. 
            























upcoming tournaments

midwest winter classic iv  (jan 31- feb 2)

view more information and local blind draw info on our tournament information page.
        

 




copyright © 2024. m.v.d.o. all rights reserved




