









dr. mark rhodes, ph.d. – all about health and healing





































 dr. mark rhodes, ph.d.
all about health and healing


 






home
about
blog
patients
contact us
 





 
 







 

health summits
** free registration**
the best of the chronic lyme disease summit (april 15-21)
reclaim your body summit (may 6-12)

order past summits here
interpreting your genetics summit
the perimenopause summit
immune defense summit

hormone news
uc berkeley researchers develop hormone-free birth control pills for both men and women
marijuana is somehow making millions violently sick
julie freeman: hormones and toxins upsetting the delicate balance
how hormones can hijack a healthy slumber
chinese baby creams under scrutiny for hormonal ingredients

health news
which dna databases are the best and worst for privacy?
‘dismantling cancer’ reveals weak spots
pennsylvania mom mistakes colon cancer symptoms for hemorrhoids, shares ‘shocking’ story to warn others
man who used cotton bud in ear canal suffers from deadly brain infection

nutrition news
improving your government’s nutrition advice
what are cacao nibs? nutrition, benefits and culinary uses
fda makes menu labeling resources available to consumers during national nutrition month
more overweight australians are also malnourished


 
all about health and healing

revived! after a long absence…
in early 2001, drmarkrhodes.com was launched. i knew what i wanted to do, and i tried to convey that digitally. on a website.
i wanted to teach about health and healing.
i had been given a great opportunity to reach people, both chronically-ill patients and healthcare professionals who could help their own patients. it was my goal to give what i had. much of the information was for free. then i added a store where you could request hormone testing, supplements, and consultations.
in 2013, after a series of heart-breaking personal tragedies, i took the site down. my friends know some of the story.
fast forward to today. i am inspired, with the help of family and friends to relaunch drmarkrhodes.com.
this time, i want to go big, competing against large health sites, famous doctor sites, and laboratory sites.
the broad focus is health with an emphasis on hormone-related conditions. i want to see everyone with chronic health problems find significant value here. and i want to train professionals how to be better at helping their own patients.
enough about things from my perspective…
what about you?
if you are a health consumer (but not a healthcare professional), expect world-class health information. usable information that is not encumbered with difficult medical terminology.
you’ll have access to health forums and social engagement with other people like you and with doctors. we want to be the most socially active of the major health sites.
have you exhausted all your local options for both traditional and alternative practitioners? and you’ve received little or no real help?
then you are my typical client. you will have access to quality and meaningful health testing. supplements. phone consultations. all from a functional perspective. functional means finding the root cause(s) of a health problem.
there will be an abundance of information freely available on the site and online courses you can sign up for.
if you are a healthcare professional, expect camaraderie. in my training of practitioners, i discovered an amazing common thread: many of the best lack friends or peers they can “talk shop” with. the best are the pioneers, out in front, where it can be a very lonely place.
i’ve helped thousands of practitioners broaden their knowledge base and become one step better in their abilities. that means more patients helped, more healed.
you’ll have access to the forums and one-on-one coaching. you can send me patient test results and use me for a second opinion. you can sign up for in-depth teaching in the area of hormones from a functional perspective. you’ll have access to the best information from a pioneer in the salivary hormone world.
your future
what are your dreams? your goals? and how can i help you achieve those?
is your own health holding you back? or, as a professional, do you need more confidence to help your patients? in either case, i have what you need. please let me help.
sincerely,
dr. rhodes















search for:


search

schedule free phone call schedule your call

tag cloudadrenals
best health advice
best nutrition advice
big pharma
chiropractor
clinical nutrition
diet
doctor of natural medicine
dr axe
draxe
dr josh axe
dr mercola
estradiol
estrogen
exercise
fasting
fitness
ghost in the machine
health
health advice
health and wellness
insulin resistance
intermittent fasting
josh axe
keto
ketofast
ketogenic diet
ketosis
menopause
mercola
metabolism
natural health
nutrition advice
oil
ovaries
perimenopause
pituitary
progesterone
skipping breakfast
stroke
take control of your health
testosterone
wellness
wellness advice
workout

recent posts


keto coconut pecan cake: you can have your cake and eat it too!


global ground water crisis


is exercise a must for keto success?


hormones at menopause, part 3 of 3


hormones at menopause, part 2 of 3


contact info 75588 prickly pear lane, irrigon, or  97844
541 701 4840

 







 





				
								copyright © 2025 | powered by socrates 











home
about
blog
patients
contact us
 










