








mack-blackwell las vegas applied kinesiology center











about mbtc
education
research
technology transfer
resources
search












mbtc home

dr timothy francis chiropractic applied kinesiology
timothy d. francis, dc, is a diplomate of the american academy of pain management and the college of physicians and a member of the british institute of homeopathy. he has acquired over 30 years of clinical and teaching expertise in applied kinesiology and chiropractic. as of now, the doctor splits his time between teaching advanced applied kinesiology and operating his practice, chiropractic kinesiology. what's more, dr. timothy d. francis has also participated in many different research studies during his career life. apart from writing 30+ published papers, he has also researched different topics such as organic chemistry, eye anatomy, and homeopathy.

besides this body of vast experience, dr. timothy francis, dc, also draws on extensive training. he boasts of being an honor roll biology student from the university of nevada-reno and holds a bachelor's degree from the los angeles college of chiropractic. he is a doctor of homeopathy from the british institute of homeopathy and has also acquired a master of science in bio nutrition from the university of bridgeport. additionally, he's licensed as a naturopath by the american naturopathic certification board. before his current job, dr. francis served as an associate instructor at the los angeles college of chiropractic and also worked on the international council for the international college of applied kinesiology.

dr. timothy d. francis is the owner of chiropractic kinesiology and focuses on his unique all-inclusive technologies in patient-focused treatment. he typically treats patients from the united states, canada, europe, and mexico and has also lectured extensively throughout the world. being one of the applied kinesiology's most celebrated professionals, dr. timothy d. francis carried out a pioneering research on homeopathic muscle-organ-remedy correlation. this is where he got a memorial award. he also owns a diploma in homeopathy and a doctorate. homeopathic medicine is commonly used in treating a wide range of health conditions, such as varicose veins. a circulatory problem, varicose veins happen when blood pools and then stretches your veins, which raises them above your skin's surface. they're most popular in women and are usually hereditary. 

one of the concerns about varicose veins is the overall weakening of the valves that control blood flow through the arteries. if left unattended, varicose veins can deteriorate into lesions and ulcers. a homeopathic approach to this problem entails a deeper insight into personality traits as well as the totality of the individual who must be looked at chemically, emotionally, and structurally. a remedy is then established that most closely matches the full picture of the whole symptom complex. mostly, homeopathic solutions deal with comprehensive core pathways to wellness that vary from a typical symptom-focused medical approach.



current news
       released today         may 7, 2022
mbtc 2077, networked sensor system for automated data collecton and analysis.

mbtc 2097, automated inventory and aalysis of highway assets, phase-ii. 

mbtc announces staff changes 
heather nachtmann has been appointed as the new director for the mack-blackwell rural transportation center. more > > 
 
 




mack-blackwell ak center 

contact mbtc  


