 





nickmelnick
























































skip to content




nickmelnick





about nick
posts
the vintage collection
resume
reference
 







about nick 

hi, i’m nick melnick, a technology leader and tinkerer in toronto, ontario, canada. my day consists of rebuilding the software foundation for the geezeo division of jack henry and associates, and advising comecero on software, technology, security, and infrastructure. the content and opinions on this site, however, are my own. i occasionally write about technology, entrepreneurship, vintage computers, cars, community, and where all the time has gone.
software and hardware i use dailyresumethe vintage collection
background
i have over twenty years of experience in software and it, and over fifteen years of leadership experience across a diverse portfolio including e-commerce, compliance, health, and fintech.
previously, i’ve been a director of software engineering at sps commerce, a director of development at digital river, and a system architect at g2 web services. i’ve worked on a ton of small companies and startups throughout seattle and minneapolis, and it’s very likely that you haven’t heard of them or they’ve disappeared entirely.
i built a social networking site before it was cool, and let it die because i had rent to pay. you may have heard of it if you were around in the early aughts.i am always open to coffee or chats about opportunities you’d like to discuss, never hesitate to reach out. i currently reside in toronto, but visit other places as often as i can. 






rss feed
mastodon
twitter
linkedin
github
youtube
link


posts and updateshow to dumpster dive for crt monitorsi have started to pull together a few different sources online for 15 khz capable crt monitors, mostly to support…basement dwelling commodore superpet sp9000the commodore superpet (or mmf – micro main frame in europe) was an enhanced 8032 designed by the university of…a macintosh lc out of the spotlightthe macintosh lc was a mid-range computer released in 1990, as part of a trio of new macs (including the…varta’d by the amiga 4000in very early 2021, really bored by the pandemic, i was on the lookout for busted commodore and amiga machines.…the ongoing saga of this commodore b128 (4/4)in the last post, i found out my mos 6509 was garbage, at the very least, and was waiting on an…






 



                    deep light powered by wordpress                 







