
















kb journal | the journal of the kenneth burke society








































skip to main content








kb journal
the journal of the kenneth burke society







search form

search kb 





 










main menu
homeeditorial boardsubmissionsissues16.1 winter 202315.1 spring 202114.1 summer 201913.2 summer 201813.1 fall 201712.2 spring 201711.2  spring 201611.1 summer 201510.1 summer 20149.1 fall 20138.1 spring 20127.2 spring 20117.1 fall 20106.2 spring 20106.1 fall 20095.2 spring 20095.1 fall 20084.2 spring 20084.1 fall 20073.2 spring 20073.1 fall 20062.2 spring 20062.1 fall 20051.2 spring 20051.1 fall 2004reviewsbibliographiesworks by kbworks about kbbibliographies by categoryentry form for bibliographieshappeningsarchive of happeningsconference paper repositorykb societyconstitution & bylawsexecutive boardkbs awardsaffiliated groupsjoin onlinejoin by mailkb discussion listnewsletters (kbs)2021 conference2017 conference2014 conference2011 conference2008 conferencebook discounts (kbs)kb / chapin documentary (dvd)contact ussearch kb










kb journal 16.1 (winter 2023)


kb journal editor: david blakesley
associate editor: rochelle gregory

kenneth burke’s theory of attention: homo symbolicus’ experiential poetics  by david landes
a flash of light to blurred vision: theorizing generating principles for nuclear policy from the day after trinity to the year 2021  by cody hunter
kenneth burke’s late theory of history: the personalistic and instrumentalist principles by michael feehan
kenneth burke and the gargoyles of language: perspective by incongruity and the transvaluation of values in counter-statement and permanence and change by jeremy cox
a survey of the diverse historical uses of the circumstantial terms from homer to kenneth burke and beyond by lawrence j. prelli and floyd d. anderson
a technological psychosis: the problem with “overfishing” in the magnuson-stevens act by karen gulbrandsen
the morality martyr homology by lisa glebatic perks
slaying the vile beasts within: theorizing a mortification mechanism by floyd d. anderson and kevin r. mcclure
review: philosophical turns: epistemological, linguistic, and metaphysical  by robert wess. reviewed by greig henderson

the cover image is a screenshot from david lynch's twin peaks, "the return, part 8" or "the last evening." 




 







kenneth burke’s theory of attention: homo symbolicus’ experiential poetics



david landes
11 november 2023 
 in light of cross-disciplinary interest in rethinking the conceptions of attention and attention economy, this paper conducts an archeology of kenneth burke’s concepts in order to construct a theory of attention implicit in his work.  first, i overview key parts of rhetorical studies calling for rethinking the idea of attention.  then, i read burke’s concepts for their implicit attentional aspects and implications. these findings are collected, listed into a glossary, and extrapolated into an account of burkean attention, which i call “symbol-formed attention” to complement the reigning empirical theories of attention problematically borrowed from the sciences.  i conclude by suggesting how burke provides a rhetorical idea of “attention” as a terministic screen adaptively reconfigurable to situation and strategy. 
read more about kenneth burke’s theory of attention: homo symbolicus’ experiential poetics5429 reads






a flash of light to blurred vision: theorizing generating principles for nuclear policy from the day after trinity to the year 2021



cody hunter
this essay examines contemporary arguments for nuclear weapons rearmament and disarmament by theorizing generating and generative principles in terms of principles of use and principles of existence through kenneth burke’s temporizing of essence. the essay concludes with an audio/visual experiment that invites audiences to reconsider the generating principles implicit in their nuclear terms. 
read more about a flash of light to blurred vision: theorizing generating principles for nuclear policy from the day after trinity to the year 20216629 reads






kenneth burke’s late theory of history: the personalistic and instrumentalist principles



michael feehan
in his last published article, “in haste,”
  kenneth burke outlined a new theory of history, a dialectical approach based on
  the two principles he had developed in the “afterwords” to the third editions
  of permanence and change [pc] and attitudes toward history [ath]: the personalistic principle and the instrumentalist
  principle. these two new principles were developed through the four loci of
  motives that burke had created in the two “afterwords” and which he sloganized
  as “bodies that learn language.” the two principles differ from other similar
  principles dealing with intersecting developments between persons and
  technologies in that burke’s principles arise through his theory of symbolic
  action, depending on his unique distinction between (non-symbolic)motion and (symbolic)action.
  
read more about kenneth burke’s late theory of history: the personalistic and instrumentalist principles6308 reads






kenneth burke and the gargoyles of language: perspective by incongruity and the transvaluation of values in counter-statement and permanence and change



  jeremy cox
ideas of transgression and transvaluation were central to kenneth burke’s early writing and the development of his critical method of “perspective by incongruity.” during the 1930s, burke was concerned with the impact that art and criticism could have on the tumultuous depression-era politics in which he was living. for him, language in general—and literature more specifically—can provide a vital corrective for a society trapped within its own misapplied terminologies. while permanence and change is typically considered to mark a shift in kenneth burke’s interest from the socio-aesthetics of counter-statement to the critical inquiry of language itself, this paper argues that burke’s method of perspective by incongruity links the two works together as parts of a common project. reading these works alongside archival material from the intervening period between their publications shows that burke’s initial concern with the radical potential of poetic invention evolved into a more general means of affecting social change. 
read more about kenneth burke and the gargoyles of language: perspective by incongruity and the transvaluation of values in counter-statement and permanence and change8003 reads






a survey of the diverse historical uses of the circumstantial terms from homer to kenneth burke and beyond



lawrence j. prelli and floyd d. anderson
in this essay, we survey the diverse historical uses and functions of the circumstantial terms during more than three millennia of western thought and culture. in so doing, we reveal the originality and innovativeness of kenneth burke’s use of the terms. our survey also supports burke’s contention that the terms are “transcendental” because they represent “the basic forms of thought.” 
read more about a survey of the diverse historical uses of the circumstantial terms from homer to kenneth burke and beyond7308 reads






a technological psychosis: the problem with “overfishing” in the magnuson-stevens act



karen gulbrandsen
a group of scientists publicly advocated to remove the word “overfishing” from the magnuson stevens act, calling its use metaphorical. i draw on burke’s terministic screens and technological psychosis to trace the implications embedded in the term and show how a terminological screen can become entrenched in dialectics that substantiate technology and innovation. this case raises questions about how to counter-balance a technological rationality that continues to dominate our perspective on many public issues. 
read more about a technological psychosis: the problem with “overfishing” in the magnuson-stevens act6270 reads






the morality martyr homology



lisa glebatic perks
this article explicates a “morality martyr” homology with three
characteristics: amoral actions against “good” characters, introspection, and a
fatalistic final act. formal morality martyr patterns are analyzed in two
characters from the walking dead. exposing the morality martyr’s
thinly-veiled suicide endorsement is an initial step in undercutting the deadly
terministic cycle. through comparison of the two characters, a merciful stretching of the formal pattern
emerges, offering a set of values that preserve life through forgiveness. 
read more about the morality martyr homology5680 reads






slaying the vile beasts within: theorizing a mortification mechanism



floyd d. anderson and kevin r. mcclure
we develop a mortification mechanism that complements kenneth
burke’s scapegoat mechanism. employing edward m. kennedy’s redemptive 1980
presidential primary campaign as our representative anecdote, we chart the
stages of his mortification. our findings show that self-victimage is more
complex than scapegoating, has more ingredients and possesses paradoxical
qualities. 
read more about slaying the vile beasts within: theorizing a mortification mechanism7088 reads






review: philosophical turns: epistemological, linguistic, and metaphysical by robert v. wess



robert wess, philosophical turns: epistemological, linguistic, and metaphysical , parlor press, 2023r. 288 pp. $34.99 (paperback); $69.99 (hardcover) $29.99 (pdf and epub)
reviewed by greig henderson
philosophical turns
is a tour de force, a sophisticated and erudite book that not only
captures the cognitive and emotive rhythms of the contemporary philosophical
conversation surrounding speculative realism but also becomes a distinctive
voice within that conversation. a reviewer can but adumbrate and applaud the density,
complexity, and richness of the arguments wess prosecutes with rigor and
artfulness, paying homage to him just as he paid homage to richard mckeon, his
mentor. 
read more about review: philosophical turns: epistemological, linguistic, and metaphysical by robert v. wess6739 reads












user login


username *



password *


create new accountrequest new password

 




welcome to kb journal

register for a free account to take advantage of new content notifications, make connections with the scholarly community, join the burke society, get access to premium bibliographies and archives, and more. new! join the kb society online and get access to premium content and publisher discounts. 




kbs 2025: kenneth burke, the humanities, and agency in the era of ai

kenneth burke, the humanities, and agency in the era of ai
an onsite and virtual inter-conference and film festival
fast facts
conference dates: may 22–25, 2025
location: clemson university, clemson, sc, and online in zoom and new art city
proposal submission deadline: 1 march 2025. submit proposals here.
proposal acceptance notifications: 15 march 2025 or earlier
registration window: early: 15 february 2025 – 15 april 2025. late: 16 april 2025–22 may 2025
register for the conference here (link tba)
renew a membership or join the kenneth burke society here (all conference attendees and presenters must be current members of the kenneth burke society)
travel and accommodations (tba).

conference website: http://kbjournal.org/kbs25
conference chair: david blakesley (dblakes@clemson.edu)
 program chair: taylor wyatt (tjwyatt@g.clemson.edu)
 onsite conference coordinator: andrew okai (aokai@g.clemson.edu)
 new art city coordinator: eddie lohmeyer (elohmey@clemson.edu)
 film festival coordinator: david williams (dgwilli@g.clemson.edu)
 accessibility coordinator: ashlyn walden (acwalde@g.clemson.edu)
 conference keynotes: tba
 




submit to kb journal

click on this submit button to visit the kb journal submission interface at submittable:

 




navigation

my accountshopping cartrecent postssearchbook gallery 




kb: a conversation (video)

find out about harry chapin's video interview of kenneth burke and how you can get a copy. 

 




shopping cart


view your shopping cart.  




who's online

there are currently 0 users online. 




tweet something about kenneth burke

tweet #kennethburke 




tweets at the edge of an abyss


 










editor


david blakesley is the campbell chair in technical communication and professor of english at clemson university. his books about or drawing from burke include the elements of dramatism (2002), late poems 1968–1993 by kenneth burke ((with julie whitaker), and the terministic screen: rhetorical perspectives on film (siu press, 2007). he received the distinguished service award from the kb society in 2005.











kb journal's  mission is to explore what it means to be "burkean." to this end, kb journal publishes original scholarship that addresses, applies, extends, repurposes, or challenges the writings of kenneth burke, which include but are not limited to the major books and hundreds of articles by burke, as well as the growing corpus of research material about burke. it provides an outlet for integrating and critiquing the gamut of burkean studies in communication, composition, english, gender, literature, philosophy, psychology, sociology, and technical writing. in light of this, kenneth burke need not be sole focus of a submission, but burke should be integral to the structure of the argument. 










kb journal information

editorial boardsubmissionscontact us 






kb journal content

issueshappeningsreviewsbibliographiespremium bibliographies 






kb society quicklinks

join and pay online << new!premium contentbook discounts (kbs members only)kb discussion listkbs constitution*newsletters (kbs members only)membership by mail 












site content © 2004 – 2023 by kb journal, issn 1930-0026. comments and forum messages © the individual author. article content is published under a creative commons license attached to each article. kb journal is sponsored by the kenneth burke society and hosted at clemson university, with support from the campbell endowed chair in the department of interdisciplinary studies at clemson and parlor press. the editor of publications for the kenneth burke society is david blakesley. kb journal's editors are david blakesley and rochelle gregory. kb journal is powered by drupal. the shopping cart icon made by anton saputro from www.flaticon.com is licensed by cc by 3.0 




syndicate

 



 




