


















boston weather






























b

                                    	oston weather.net





follow us








 today in
boston, united states




this weather data was last updated 2025-02-15 11:13:14. 


°f



30°f




                                	more detail
                                












5 days on...









 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 






 




















boston weather
boston, massachusetts is categorized as having a humid continental climate, which means that temperatures vary seasonally with cold, wet winters and hot, humid summers. although summer and fall in boston are considerably humid, and winters produce high amounts of snowfall, neither summer nor winter have the extreme temperatures that can occur in other parts of the country. boston weather also includes consistent rainfall distribution throughout the year as opposed to being sporadic during some months.
spring in boston
boston weather in the spring is typically mild, with temperatures averaging in the mid-40s in march, mid-50s in april, and mid-60s in may. foggy mornings are typical for boston in the spring. snow occurs frequently in march, with an average of 7.8, but rarely afterwards. boston is subject noreaster, which can bring heavy rain and snow. rainfall totals in march are the third highest for boston, averaging 3.85 inches. april averages 3.6 inches of rainfall, and may has one of the lowest monthly averages at 3.24 inches. these totals are a little higher than those for the u.s. on average. 
boston receives considerable sea breezes in late spring from the cold atlantic ocean. march and april average wind speeds of 13mph, and those months are the beginning of boston long period of relatively high levels of humidity. may also comes with the threat of severe thunderstorms that include damaging winds, hail, and torrential downpours. the threat of potentially severe thunderstorms affects boston weather through the end of september. 
summer in boston 
boston weather in the summer months is cooler than the u.s. average, but it is also humid. temperatures average 76 in june, 82 in july, 80 in august, and 73 in september.  boston has relatively few periods of the summer where temperatures are above 90 for several days in a row, and on average, there are only 11 days above 90 the whole season. throughout the summer, severe thunderstorms are common in the evenings, bringing heavy rains and winds, and sometimes hail. a tornado has never hit downtown boston, but warnings are common through the summer months. 
despite the number of thunderstorms, average rainfall amounts during the summer are not that high, with june averaging 3.2 inches, july averaging 3.06 inches, august averaging 2.9 inches, and september averaging 3.47 inches. june and july come with many foggy mornings. july also has the most hours of sunshine for boston weather, with an average of 300 hours. 
fall in boston
boston weather in the fall is usually mild, although fall weather can be affected significantly by jet streams and wind directions. october averages wind speeds of about 12mph, and november averages wind speeds of 13 mph. boston in the fall does get an occasional threat of a tropical storm or hurricane, especially in late september and early october. around 4 inches of rain per month is common for october and november. temperatures average 63 in october, 52 in november, and 45 for early december. 
only about half of november and december days are sunny, but the temperature is slightly warmer than average for fall in the nation. relative humidity is the highest in boston in september, where it averages 80%. humidity declines throughout october and november, and by december, it is around 68%. boston weather rarely brings snow in october, but november snowfall averages are 1.3 inches, and december averages are 11.6. 
winter in boston
although boston weather in the winter is not as cold as the national average, boston usually receives more snowfall, as much as 9 more per year than average. boston is subject to noreaster, which can dump large amounts of snow, lower temperatures significantly, and cause several days of overcast weather following the storm. snowfall in january averages 14 inches, and in february, the average snowfall amount is 11.3 temperatures in january average 36, and february averages temperatures only 2 degrees warmer at 38. days below 10 degrees are typical, but rarely happen for a number of days in a row. 
december through march is windy for boston weather, averaging wind speeds of 13.8mph each month. january and february average 8 and 9 sunny days respectively, with the majority of winter days being mostly to partly cloudy.


 






                                         	headlines
                                        






















join the conversation in boston 




please enable javascript to view the comments powered by disqus.










share boston weather.net to your social network



























home
terms and conditions 
privacy 
about us
contact


weather information produced by search weather.net. forecasts produced under license from weather underground.


 © 2018 - search weather.net - all rights reserved  (ip) 









