










home 2023 - the good darkness





































 


skip to content












homewyldwood sojourn blood masteries sojourn blogdark lodgeevening gatherings round table videoscontact usabout maureen w.s. retreat history history of past murals business murals children’s room murals collaboration murals community murals health environment murals museum murals private home murals school murals senior home murals books maureen has illustrated




 





homewyldwood sojourn blood masteries sojourn blogdark lodgeevening gatherings round table videoscontact usabout maureen w.s. retreat history history of past murals business murals children’s room murals collaboration murals community murals health environment murals museum murals private home murals school murals senior home murals books maureen has illustrated


























menu 



homewyldwood sojourn blood masteries sojourn blogdark lodgeevening gatherings round table videoscontact usabout maureen w.s. retreat history history of past murals business murals children’s room murals collaboration murals community murals health environment murals museum murals private home murals school murals senior home murals books maureen has illustrated










 















the good darkness






explore the other purpose of the sacred womb



















introduction




























 maureen is a visual artist and draftswoman.
 she recently also became an author, after re discovering a hidden female creation technology that, once activated from within, brings a woman quickly to a superconscious level. 
it came to her awareness over a 16 year search and through many synchronicities and through her art practices.
this once well known, womb to heart technology, shows us how to redirect our precious womb elixir to our hearts. reproduction is the womb's secondary purpose, according to shamanic wisdom.
the recent loss of our wombs elixir weakens us. we can no longer hold the inner strength and will. nor receive the cosmic wisdom as we did when this knowledge was known and honoured, until only a few hundred years ago 
 she and her round table study group found the system buried in other parts of the world coded in art forms. 
maureen’s book the good darkness is a working manual sharing the actual technology of activating our magnetic toroidal systems within.
  we call this practice "the blood masteries” it was honoured and accepted globally by women and men until quite recently in a few remote places.
maureen has now a small committed community of seekers and we welcome you to join us if you feel called.
she hosts, at no cost, zoom classes and an annual five day retreat at her centre wyldwood sojourn. this is timely work.
women's wombs hold cosmic source inspiration this once well anchored system has been brutally severed from our consciousness.
 







read more




















2024 kickstarter campaign for the 2nd edition of the good darkness manual












 






play video









video credit goes to john francisco, a transformational coach from the toronto area. you can check out more of his work through his youtube channel youtube.com/nextlevelwarrior









dear friends
i'm very grateful for your generous support of this campaign that met its goal and more! this money will allow me to create an audio and a spanish translation as well as a new printing. pictured is the new edition with its new chapter and more images to describe the system. i have mailed the books to everyone who contributed and i am offering bi-monthly zoom classes at no cost, to support your learning of this practice. in this way, you can pass this knowledge on to the next generation. this is essential. thank you for championing the re-emergence of the second purpose of the womb.
maureen walton obrien-( druid name- maureen branwen)































dark lodge videos






here are my latest videos for dark lodge. visit my video page to see more of my videos.




































watch more videos




























shop : the good darkness book by maureen walton o'brien




















you can now purchase my brand new e-book  (2024 edition) directly on my website.  i will have the audiobook of the good darkness available for sale in september 2024.
a new audio meditation is now available!
click the paypal button below to purchase securely through paypal. once your payment goes through, you will be directed to download your files. if buying the hardcover book, please allow two weeks for delivery.



















the good darkness, 2024hard copy book$35 + $15 shipping












buy my book in hard copy format. it will be ready for shipping in a few weeks. i will email you once your book has shipped to you!









the good darkness, 2024e-book +meditation$40












buy the e-book & meditation today, and you will receive the new edition of the good darkness.  you will also receive my brand new meditation!









the good darkness, 2024 e-book only$20












you may purchase the good darkness  as an e book. this version includes a new chapter and revisions that were added in 2023.















meditation, audio only$20












my new meditation is now available for download!



















sojourn blog - latest posts






you can read my latest posts below or see all my blog posts.










the womb passes


excerpts from the good dark round table discussions dear women, my interest in don juans writings is not because of the “womb passes”  but that he says…
read more







wirracoucha reveals herself as rainbow woman


wirracoucha reveals herself as rainbow woman maureen walton transcribes the ancient myth of the americas. the wirracoucha was dancing in the darkness of outer space.…
read more







colour  is  born  out  of  the  dark!  from lianne collot (steiner)


when darkness meets with the light it appears as a rainbow. light cannot give birth. for it is the end result of all that was…
read more
























testimonials






dear maureen,
thank you for sharing your vision for wyldwood sojourn in the future.
it was the cosmic yurt on airbnb that first drew me to ws, but when i came to stay for the first time i quickly realized how special of a place it was. the beauty of the land, the energy of safety, welcome, and solace for feminine seekers all drew me in further. over the years, i have so enjoyed getting to know you, the land, and the lost feminine traditions you have worked so hard to bring back to life. not only have i had the privilege of attending new moon meditations in the dark lodge, but also got to attend one of your women’s retreats where i learned about  astrology, matriarchy, and virgin births across various cultures and time. 
 
allie vandersanden
 
maureen,
your work on rediscovering and bringing back the missing piece of the feminine womb-to-heart qero teachings is honestly a nobel-peace-prize level work for humankind. it fosters the advancement of humankind as well as the healing and empowerment of both men and women. your work is a very applicable practice that gives real hope and a very bright future for us all and this planet.
wendy orisun









 
















© 2025 the good darkness. all rights reserved.









 












