



azotic llc  ::  home page











home






company info






designer gemstones






aurora crystals ™








contact azotic






			 






			 






			 







most requested coatings:
pure pink™mystic fire® greenmercury mist®blue paraiba™luscious green™ 

					 
					


welcome to the azotic® home page.
all mystic® enhancements by azotic® are created utilizing only green, environmentally friendly processes that do not use radiation or harsh chemicals.

azotic llc is a leading provider of coating services for many products for the jewelry industry.
in addition, azotic llc works with various companies in many other industries including medical, semiconductor, aerospace, and optical.  we can solve your coating requirements starting from research & development to production.  contact us with your coating needs.
introducing mystic® moissanite!
					we have brought our 20+ years of gemstone enhancement knowledge to this amazing substrate to produce beautiful fancy colored gemstones.
fantasia™ process on moissanite

celestial blue™
color id # 4570 moissanitefantasia™ process


cheeky orange™
color id # 4828 moissaniteutopia™ process


dichroic luminous™
color id # 4780 moissaniteutopia™ processpremium


dichroic mist™
color id # 4815 moissaniteutopia™ processpremium


light yellow™
color id # 4744 moissanitefantasia™ process


luxury red™
color id # 4736 moissaniteutopia™ process


mocha™
color id # 4823 moissanitefantasia™ process


periwinkle blossom™
color id # 4791 moissanitefantasia™ process


poseidon's realm™
color id # 4790 moissanitefantasia™ process


sweet orange™
color id # 4802 moissanitefantasia™ process


tropical bliss™
color id # 4793 moissanitefantasia™ process


vista blue™
color id # 4545 moissanitefantasia™ process
contact us so we can help you take your jewelry designs to the next level with these beautiful colors!

mystic topaz® and mystic quartz® enhancements are processed  and subject to rigorous quality control.  azotic llc's mystic topaz® and mystic quartz® enhancements are both permanent and durable*, providing designers with an infinite prismatic array of colors to choose from.  check out the designer gemstones page to view over six hundred different types of azotic® surface enhanced designer gemstones™ to complete the perfect designer jewelry line or that one of a kind creation.  all azotic® enhancements are created utilizing a green process that does not use radiation or harsh chemicals.

mystic fire® topaz (developed by azotic and patented in 1998) is the leader and trendsetter for surface enhanced designer gemstones™.  while others may attempt to copy, none can meet the quality, variety, or speed of enhancement provided to our customers and distributors.
new!mystic topaz® care guide

check back often!  new colors are constantly being created!
azotic also uses it's mystic® processes to create aurora crystals™, provided world-wide through our distributor network.  check out the aurora crystals™ page and let your creative side explode.

mermaid crystal™ is a breakthrough azotic® process that will revolutionize the synthetic gemstone industry.  mermaid crystal™ is available in a tempest of colors as mermaid sea elements which can then be faceted into gemstones or sculpted into cabochans.production of mermaid crystal™ is currently on hold.













								  azotic llc © 2025




 


























