
















sustainable technology and the built environment | appalachian state university

























skip to main content












search terms



search












sustainable technology and the built environment



toggle navigation















programs
faculty & staff
students
research & facilities
alumni & friends
news & events
contact


















 

 




















      building solutions. developing leaders.    

our department features an integrated array of programs spanning the fields of sustainable design and technology. we have developed a reputation for innovative research and sustainable development in the areas of construction and building science, renewable energy, and other sustainable technologies. our mission is to foster a strong and vibrant culture of inquiry, discovery, and innovation that integrates theory with application, problem seeking with problem-solving, local issues with global perspectives, and technological progress with environmental stewardship. more specifically, our department endeavors to:
provide exemplary teaching that inspires and challenges students through experiential learning, synergistic curricula, and community engagement.conduct and disseminate scholarly work that focuses on sustainable solutions to important challenges in the design, creation, and management of technological systems.serve as a resource and a catalyst for local and global communities through projects, partnerships, and outreach.
we encourage you to become part of our innovative team! please spend some time on our site learning more about our programs, our students, and our faculty.











      news    







resume clinic for cdst career fair 

          feb 10, 2025        
the construction, design, and sustainable technology resume clinic will be held in the katherine harper hall ground floor lobby on february 11, 12, 18...







construction, design, and sustainable technology career fair 

          feb 7, 2025        
the construction, design, and sustainable technology fair will be held in the holmes convocation center on tuesday, february 25th from 12:00 - 3:00 p....







dr. sohad abu-elzait receives jr. faculty innovation grant award 

          jan 10, 2025        
we are thrilled to announce that dr. sohad abu-elzait, an esteemed assistant professor in the department of sustainable technology and the built envir...







app state places 2nd in the asc student competition 

          nov 21, 2024        
congratulations to the design build team who won 2nd place in the associated schools of construction region 2  student competition held november ...







community solar project helps the triplett community stay connected post hurricane helene 

          nov 20, 2024        
dr. jeremy ferrell and his contemporary problems in sustainable technology class recently completed a community solar project on a small off-grid farm...







bsc 3535 - asc competition course field trip to charlotte and statesville 

          oct 28, 2024        
the bsc 3535 asc competition class took a field trip on friday october 25 th to charlotte and statesville , nc to visit sites that are similar to this...






 read more
        
 subscribe


























 








 


prospective students


plan a department visitplan a campus visit apply to app stateask a questiondegree requirements transfer services

 


department


dr. ok-youn yu, chair828-262-3110katherine harper hall room 21

 


programs


building sciences
architectural technology & designconstruction managementsustainable building systems
sustainable technology
graduate program
renewable energy technologysustainable building design & construction

 

 







contact
sustainable technology and the built environment397 rivers streetrm 20 katherine harper hallboone, nc 28608phone: 828-262-3110email us


links
 home
 disclaimer
 eo policy
 accessibility
 privacy policy
 contact
 login



networking
 facebook
 instagram
 linkedin










website manager: yuo (wirchanskypj)
copyright 2025 appalachian state university. all rights reserved.







