









home - naperville chorus



















































search for:



 

members page
calendar
support us
contact us







				filling chicago's western suburbs with song since 1976				







menu
home
about

about us
chorus history
staff and board
jon warfel
dr. peter jarjisian


concerts

concerts and events
performance history
program notes


sounds/images

listen
images


community service

scholarships
outreach singers


join us
sponsors

corporate sponsors
friends of the chorus


 







2023 spring concert wentz
2023 spring concert wentz
2023 spring concert wentz



 
the spring concert on april 26th at 3:00 pm will feature ein deutsches requiem (a german requiem) by johannes brahms. note this is an afternoon performance and is not at our usual evening performance time.the chorus will be prepared and directed by guest music director, dr. peter jarjisian.
on december 7th and 8th the chorus presented the rutter gloria and collaborate withe the pete elllman big band on music for the season. this will include selections by the big band as well as joint selections.on july 3rd, reid and more than 40 members joined the naperville band for patriotic music. the recording can be seen here — we start at about 50 minutes. see our facebook page for pictures.
click here for more info and additional concerts.






home 

naperville chorus, founded in 1976, presents two major concerts each year, one in the fall/winter holiday season and one in the spring. repertoire focuses on classic choral pieces but often includes elements, and even full concerts, of gospel, jazz, broadway, and other genres.
the chorus has an ongoing association with north central college in naperville, illinois, and draws its 100-plus members from the greater chicagoland area. naperville chorus performs at wentz concert hall on the north central college campus.
naperville chorus does not discriminate against any person on the basis of race, creed, color, national or ethnic origin, sex, age, disability, military or veteran status, marital status, citizenship, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. both our rehearsal space and performance space are fully handicapped accessible.
 

we are grateful to the special events and cultural amenities fund of naperville, the illinois arts council, the dupage foundation, giving dupage, our media sponsor nctv17,  and north central college for their ongoing support.










			© 2025, naperville chorus - all rights reserved.
			 | 
site index



this site was developed by jw tech & associates, inc.



















