































































    
    premier household & business solutions | john's heating | cooling | appliance repair
  
  















              

   john's heating, cooling, andappliance repair

 new paragraph




 call today: (678) 603-7775  
 



   




       appliances


   appliance repair fayetteville



  appliance repair newnan



  appliance repair peachtree city



  appliance repair senoia



  appliance repair sharpsburg



  appliance repair tyrone





  refrigerators


   subzero refrigerator repair



  refrigerator repair service fayetteville



  refrigerator repair service newnan



  refrigerator repair service peachtree city



  refrigerator repair service sharpsburg



  refrigerator repair service tyrone





  dryer repair


   dryer repair service fayetteville



  dryer repair service griffin



  dryer repair service newnan



  dryer repair service peachtree city



  dryer repair services sharpsburg



  dryer repair service tyrone



  dryer terms and glossary



  dryer vent cleaning





  a/c repair & services


   air conditioning repair service fayetteville



  air conditioning repair service griffin



  air conditioning repair service newnan



  air conditioning repair service peachtree city



  air conditioning repair service senoia



  air conditioning repair service sharpsburg ga



  air conditioning repair service tyrone



  air filter replacement



  hvac maintenance plans



  evaporator coil leaking freon



  ac and furnace tune-ups



  faqs and tips



  hvac news seer mandates



  amana ac units



  trane ac units



  basic hvac terms glossary





  hvac


   hvac installation fayetteville  georgia



  hvac installation newnan  georgia



  hvac installation peachtree  georgia



  hvac installation sharpsburg  georgia



  hvac installation tyrone georgia





  heating repair


   heating repair fayetteville



  heating repair newnan



  heating repair peachtree city



  heating repair sharpsburg





  refrigeration


   commercial refrigeration repair atlanta



  commercial refrigeration  repair peachtree city



  commercial refrigeration fayetteville



  commercial refrigeration repair griffin



  commercial refrigeration repair newnan



  commercial refrigerator repair /reach in cooler - freezer tips



  commercial ice machine repair





  commercial


   commercial appliance repair fayetteville



  commercial appliance repair griffin



  commercial appliance repair newnan



  commercial appliance  repair peachtree city



  commercial appliance repair sharpsburg



  commercial appliance repair tyrone





  learn more


   about us



  blog



  contact us



  gallery



  reviews














    
 





        john's heating, cooling, and appliance repair
  one company for all your household or business needs!
      

financing available


   

call today




    

 

 

 

 

 







    hvac services


  refrigeration


  appliance repair




    ac repair, refrigeration & appliance repair
here at john’s heating, cooling, and appliance repair, you'll find a crew of highly experienced professionals 
with one goal in mind, your complete satisfaction.  you depend on your air conditioner, refrigeration units, and commercial food equipment throughout the year, and we believe you should be able to trust the people who repair and maintain them. 
our promise to you - “john’s heating, cooling, and appliance repair will provide you with accurate advice, fast service, and quality work. 
our word is good.  
we guarantee it!”



    hvac repair and installation

when your 
air conditioning unit 
breaks down, it can quickly transform your home or business into an uncomfortable space. you rely on your hvac systems year-round, and it's essential to have trustworthy professionals for their repair and maintenance.  at john’s heating, cooling, and appliance repair, we recognize how crucial a reliable ac system is to your comfort. with over 27 years of experience in the hvac industry, our team possesses the knowledge and skills needed to diagnose and resolve ac issues promptly and efficiently, helping you save both time and money. rest easy knowing that when an issue arises, we’re here to provide expert solutions you can count on.

 "stay cool during georgia’s long,hot summer days with top-quality air conditionerinstallations and repairs ."  
 our hvac services include:
ac repair, maintenance, and installationheating repair, and installationductless system installationindoor air quality solutionsheat pump servicecommercial hvac service24 hour emergency service




    we're your go-to specialists for commercial refrigeration and restaurant equipment repair




    commercial refrigeration repair

john's heating, cooling, and appliance repair is your one-stop-shop for all commercial refrigeration needs.  planned maintenance is essential for preventing unexpected failures, prolonging the lifespan of your equipment, and maintaining efficiency. regular checks can significantly reduce energy consumption, lower repair costs over time, and ensure the safety and quality of your stored products.

  reach-in coolers and freezersfood prep coolerskeg and bottle coolerswalk-in coolers and freezersunder counter refrigeratorsdeli case's

 commercial ice machine repair
whether you're a bustling restaurant or a cozy convenience store, we specialize in efficient cleaning and ice machine repairs, ensuring your ice machine runs smoothly and reliably.

  commercial hot-side equipment

with skilled commercial hot-side equipment technicians and years of experience working with restaurants and eateries on cooktops to warming stations and just about everything else you might find in the kitchen. don’t let unexpected maintenance or repairs slow down your business. if you’re in the market for fast repairs and first-class customer service, get in touch.



   if you’re a restaurant owner dealing with refrigeration issues or a homeowner stuck without a working ac unit in the brutal georgia heat,  
give us a call.!



    your premier 

multi-service solution for your household and business needs!

finding multiple service providers can be challenging for busy homeowners and small business owners. to simplify this, we created john’s heating, cooling, and appliance repair, a multi-service company that offers hvac, air conditioning, refrigeration, restaurant equipment, and appliance repairs—all under one roof. as a trusted hvac provider and comfort specialist, we excel in installation and air conditioning repair services, our expertise lies in servicing and repairing commercial refrigeration systems, ice machines, and a wide array of restaurant equipment. we proudly handle repairs for all major appliance brands.we value direct communication and take pride in building lasting relationships. john’s heating, cooling, and appliance repair was established with a commitment to quality and expert service. we are your all-in-one solution.  


     services we provide:




       

    

button







    air conditioning repair

we offer top-of-the-line heating and air-conditioning (hvac) services to residential and commercial properties. excellence is our standard. 24 -hour emergency 
air conditioning serviceexcellent customer serviceprofessional trained technicianshighest rated equipmentcompetitive pricingfree system replacement estimates





    
 commercial refrigeration

we are your go-to specialists for refrigeration and restaurant equipment repair, dedicated to delivering exceptional service for all types of 
commercial refrigeration 
equipment, including: reach-in coolers and freezersfood prep coolerskeg and bottle coolerswalk-in coolers and freezersunder counter refrigeratorsdeli cases







       

    

button







    commercial ice machine repair

we take pride in offering top-notch cleaning, maintenance, and repair services for ice machines throughout the atlanta metro area. our expertise covers all major brands, including hoshizaki, ice-o-matic, manitowoc, and scotsman.




     

    

button







    subzero and wolf products

are you frustrated with the limited options available for repairing your wolf gas range or subzero refrigerator? 
tired of over paying for service?  good news!  we are now offering full service and repairs. ! need a part or compressor for your subzero? we will beat any price! 







          

    

button







    refrigerator and freezer repair

our local refrigerator repair service handles all refrigerator types, including french door, side-by-side, top-freezer, and built-in models. no matter the issue—whether your refrigerator isn't cooling, is leaking, or has a faulty ice maker—our expert fridge technicians can fix it promptly.




     

    

button







 heating repair

if you're having trouble with your heat you have found the right company. we have highly trained, factory-certified service technicians who can assess and diagnose furnace performance issues and provide you with a full repair estimate before starting the work.



       

    

button







 commercial appliance repair

we can handle all of your hot-side commercial kitchen equipment repair and service needs, including ranges, ovens, cooktops, fryers, and more. temperature issuesno or intermittent powerrepairs resulting from wear and tearuneven cooking or heatingpilot light problemsinduction element issueselectric heating failures


     

    

button







 washer & dryer repair

   regardless of the brand or model of your dryer, we guarantee to provide the highest quality service. are you aware of the importance of cleaning your dryer vent? the accumulation of lint in your 
dryer vent 
poses a significant risk, hindering proper dryer functionality and being a leading cause of house fires.









  


   john's heating, cooling, and appliance repair is a trusted provider of hvac, commercial refrigeration, and appliance repair services. we are a local, family-owned business serving fayette, coweta, henry, pike, and the surrounding counties. with over 27 years of experience in the service industry, we are the ideal choice for homeowners and business owners in need of reliable and efficient repair services.we have often been referred to as the best service company that you  have never heard of!



   

  we offer 24-hour emergency ac repair and 
commercial refrigeration repair









      john'sheating, coolingand appliance repair
    

 

 

 

 

 





    contact us
phone: 
(678) 603-7775email: 
mrhvac84@gmail.com
hours of operation
   mon - fri
 8:00 am 
- 7:00 pm


 saturday
 8:00 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sunday
closed







 quick  links
    a/c repair & services



  hvac



  refrigeration



  appliances



  contact us



  home








    privacy  -  terms  - 
 cookie policy  -  
john heating cooling and appliance repair 
-
gdrp  -   compliancy  - 
sitemap
- 
























































































  
  share by:





  
  


