
































































    boutique albana real | luxurious boutique hotel in zermatt switzerland
  

  














             
     rooms



  restaurants & bar





   facilities



  about us






  book now








    
 





      


  
 book your stay today

   check-in:


 check-out:


  check availability







    boutique
hotel albana real ag - restaurants & spa

welcomes you in an atmosphere that is both refined and relaxed.
the luxurious boutique hotel in zermatt, equipped with a touch of art deco, invites you to rest and relax.

  

learn more




    book online on this website

 4 reasons why to choose albana real

      



 family owned business

get to meet everyone in person!

    







 three inhouse restaurants

thai - japanese - french



      









 wellness & spa

after a long day - relax & enjoy


    










 best price guarantee

book on this website to get the best deal!






    our facilities



    rooms

  

learn more


  restaurants

  

learn more




    cocktail bar

  

learn more


  spa & wellness

  

learn more




   
 guest reviews



     


“whether it’s thai, japanese or italian cuisine, albana real excels at it all. amazing wine list. probably the largest selection of premium rum in zermatt. and the bartender is a star. delicious drinks, great company, fumoir with hookah options. i can’t comment on rooms or spa since i’ve not stayed overnight” sara s
   


“ithis place made the entire trip perfect. great location and facilities, generous package and outstanding staff, to be visited again..” severin s
   


“amazing and welcoming hotel in the best location of zermatt. the view is astonishing, the staff makes you feel at home, the restaurants are incredible. zermatt is a magical place and the people at albana real will guide you through it. hotel luxuries with home experience.”  pablo h
   


“location was excellent, close to the main activities.- staff was very friendly and helpful- everything was extremely clean.” diogo


       discover
in 360° view

this interactive feature allows you to view our beautiful rooms, restaurants, smoking lounge and spa in 360°!﻿
  

360° view







    our location

we are located right in the heart of zermatt.
  





     

hotelalbanareal

 
      




    




    




    




    














       click here to receive our newsletter


   

sign up




    


  our location

hotel albana real agschluhmattstrasse 19ch-3920 zermatt, switzerland
  

info@hotelalbanareal.com

  

+41 27 966 61 61


  site map

homeroomsfacilitiesrestaurants and barabout usbook now

  hours

our reservation and front desk team are available daily from 07:30 till 21:00 hours.
 book now

    

 

 

 







     © 2025 
gumtree  /  all rights reserved  / powered by cloudbeds



 agb & datenschutz/
impressum




























































































  
  share by:
























