 jesus loves me this i know.com 





 















jesus loves me this i 
know























































 





translate into 100 different languages 















welcome to my personal web site!  god forbid that i should convey to the world any good in my life.  i give credit to the lord jesus for anything that emanates from this website.  i am a total failure as a person, that only jesus has resurrected and given new hope for the future.    from this one web page, 
you can 
access over two hundred and fifty pages i have authored on my experiences living  as a christian in the 
business 
world. be sure and read the article in the table of contents (web map) on  three ways to make a million dollars.  one recent web page is "my exciting escape from prison".  the link is at the left of this page.  it is an interactive site, and gives you the opportunity to worship god with me.  in november 2012, i was diagnosed with prostate cancer, and have finished  radiation to destroy the cancer.  prayers from my web site friends are appreciated and coveted.  i went through radiation treatment for forty four days, and the lord chose to cure me. my psa blood test is now at .02 after starting at 8.3.  if you want to be updated on this, just join my email list. i also had knee replacement surgery on my left knee on sep 17, 2013, and am recovering nicely. during the radiation, i spent a lot of time meditating on god's word and just plain worshipping the lord.  he gave me some really exciting thoughts about heaven and what was to come in my life.  i have created a web page,    www.44daysinheaven.com  to tell this story.  i am writing about my experiences.   if you want to view several videos i have made on you tube, just go to my channel. ceofort500  type that in the search engine and look at my videos about heaven.  hope you will join me there some day. be sure and look at the video about seeing aborted babies in heaven. then forward it to your email list.and you will have a link to heaven for your own walk with god.   several young ladies have responded and i will meet these children one day. hoping others will read this and not kill their babies.      

 
some

my most important part of this site is the link on making disciples.  i hope i can encourage you to do that.   many men and women around the world are actively involved in this work of my ministry.  thanks to god for those folks. i pray for them on a regular basis.  they are my lifeline to eternity, and someday friends in tanzania and india and many other countries of the world will get to meet me in person at the feet of jesus.  what a reunion that will be one day in heaven to meet these dear friends in the lord.!  it will be real special to meet the young mother from indiana, who came to me in desperation about to commit suicide in january 2006.  god allowed me to help her back to sanity, and now she is a productive mom of two precious children.  she became my adopted daughter.  what a joy to my heart to see her walking with the lord today.


 spiritual warfare!****  my true life experiences in battle with our archenemy.
read this page about  defeating the 
enemy. 
 





here are some of my favorite links. i hope  you 
will learn 
from my mistakes. but i also hope you will learn from my victories. god is  in 
charge, 
and he wants to change our lives.
millionaireinmotion.com
let me show you how you can now refer customers to your own website about stem cells, and earn a nice income. 


my web map-access many articles i have 
written.
 discipleship training site-a comprehensive site  teaching you how to make disciples in every  nation!
 stethoscope-my favorite you tube video!
 tip's on home repair
 discipleship library! (listen while you browse my site.)
 a cocaine addict in my home!
 my exciting escape from prison!
 a millionaire's story
how to become debt 
free-probably the most important article i have 
written.
my supreme advantage 
in 
the business world. (don't miss this real life adventure article about my 
life.)
my next sixty 
years-(no 
life is complete unless you have goals)
the hardest 
thing about writing this web site
life's lessons from 
the 
wisest man in the world          (how could a man with 1000 women in his  life 
write a 
book like proverbs?)
 
 







look around at my table of contents (my web  map), and see 
if 
any of the articles might be of help to you in your business or personal 
life. please 
bookmark this site, since i change it on a daily basis. you may see  previews 
of 
articles i am writing in table of contents.  the things of which i 
write are 
geared to help the everyday person who struggles with the complexities of 
life. the 
christian life is not a "bed or roses" but is strewn with 
thorn bushes, which 
god delights in pruning and cultivating, until we become more like him.  
 

during may 2002, the lord encouraged me with this promise from his  word.  "he has already tended you by pruning you back for greater  strength and usefulness, by means of the commands i gave you."  john  15:3 (living bible paraphrase)  
   
until 
the day i die, my credo is "i am guilty, i am guilty, i am guilty." 
i have 
failed him many times, but he is still there. that's the way god operates. 
  
please take a minute and sign my guest book. thanks for your visit, and  come 
back 
often! 










many years ago i heard a story about a famous  theologian named karl barth,  
who 
had a tremendous grasp of the scriptures. he had studied many years, and  was 
a 
sought after speaker. one day, someone asked him what the greatest 
theological 
discovery he had made during his life. he thought for some time and  finally 
stated,"jesus loves me this i know, for the bible  tells me 
so!"all of his years of study and meditation had left him  with 
one 
indelible impression. the song he had learned as a small child, burned in  his 
mind and 
the simplicity of this truth jumped to the forefront of his mind after he  was 
confronted with this question.  so as i thought about how i  would 
like to 
communicate my life to the world, i developed this site:  are you  a 
defeated christian today? many of the folks i meet on line and know in  person 
are? 
as you read through some of my articles, you will see that i have not 
"arrived". i have many flaws in my life. as the old saying goes, 
"please be patient with me, god is not finished with me yet!"  as i 
look at 
the biblical examples of marriage, i do not see that there are many 
"living 
happily ever after" stories.     life is a real struggle. the devil 
is the 
"prince of this world" and he works a lot of overtime to defeat 
christians. 
 one way that he defeats people is getting people deep in debt. i  can 
help 
you out of the "debt hole" if you will learn from an old dog like 
me who 
made so many mistakes.  in luke 4: 18,19, jesus stated his  mission 
statement. "preaching good news to the poor, proclaim freedom for  the 
prisoners, and recovery of sight for the blind, and to release the  oppressed, 
and to 
proclaim the year of the lord's favor." i thought to myself sometime 
ago, that 
this is the perfect mission statement for our world today. why not make  that 
my 
mission statement? i did. click on the link below to read about that.  america 
is 
indeed a prisoner to debt, and most folks that have money are indeed poor  in 
spirit, 
not trusting god in their lives. most are blinded to the real job we have as 
believers, 
of proclaiming him to the world.  if you will access this link on 
becoming 
debt free, you can see a practical plan to help you achieve that goal. 
how to become debt 
free 
in 4-9 years 
i have literally poured my life into the making of 
this 
site. i have lived it, messed up in a horrible way, but have survived so far 
to keep 
you from making the same stupid mistakes i made. learn a great lesson  here, 
and 
save yourself some real grief later on in your 
life.you may learn from some of  the dumb 
mistakes i have made over the years, and profit from advice i have gleaned 
through 
years of bondage to debt. what better way to reach the world, than help  them 
to 
get out of debt.  my friend, god is in charge. he wants to make  you 
like 
jesus. he does that through adversity. my goal in life and death, is to hear 
those 
words of the son of god, as i pass from this life to eternity. "well 
done, my 
good and faithful servant. enter into the joy of your reward!" 
the 
internet is a practical way to reach the world for christ. if my family so 
desires, my 
words and experiences can last far longer than i will, and they can  continue 
to publish 
this site, long after i have gone on to be with the lord. 


































here is a little bit about my 
personal 
life.
jim young 

my name is 
jim 
young, and i live in yorktown, virginia.   i am a christian 
businessman who has 
had some measure of success in the business world, and discovered the  world 
of the 
internet a few years ago. i hate watching television, and have found 
that i can 
have some exciting and fun times visiting with folks around the world.  
i have 
written many pages which you may access from my table of contents. as  things 
progressed over the last few years, i realized that while i give great  emphasis to 
the work 
of god in my life in my website, i would like to associate the title of my 
page to the 
person who has influenced my life more than anyone else in the world.  
 hence, my renewed emphasis is on jesus. 
 
he is the glue that holds my 
life 
together. colossians 1:17 states, "and he is before all things, and by 
him all 
things consist." my main objective in life is fulfilling the great 
commission given 
to us by the lord jesus christ. it is simply, "go into all the 
world." wow, 
what better way to do that than through the internet. my website  publishes 
the 
gospel in several languages. please look for your language if you do not 
speak or understand english well.  my objective is to teach folks, using  my past 
record as a 
real estate investor and building contractor, and my knowledge of 
the 
internet, coupled with my honest reflection of my mistakes in life to guide 
you. 
perhaps i can teach you something about what i have learned in the  last 
few
years, and perhaps i can even steer you clear of some of the dumb  mistakes i 
have 
made in my life. believe me when i tell you that i have made plenty of  these. 

perhaps you are not interested in the business aspect of my site. i  hope 
you will 
just want to be friends.  some folks misunderstand my  intentions on 
the 
internet, and they do not like it when i mix business with spiritual things. 
i believe 
that a person's business and spiritual life are very much entwined. 
the bible 
says, that "whatsoever you do, do it heartily as to the lord".  so 
all the 
businesses that i have chosen to affiliate myself with on the internet, are 
intended 
to be helpful to those whom i contact. all of these business websites help  us 
to save 
money and use our resources wisely.  i do not promote get rich  quick 
schemes, and many of the links on my site are totally free.  let me tell 
you that i 
give credit to god for any money and success i have made in this life. in  the 
perilous 
world of business, real estate, and construction, i could just as easy be a 
pauper in 
the financial world tomorrow, with some turn of fate.  as paul  the 
apostle 
said, "i do not trust in uncertain riches", but in the living god 
who makes 
us all spiritual millionaires. you know that he owns the cattle on a  thousand 
hills, and 
if you are a believer, you are a joint heir with the lord jesus christ, and 
you have 
unlimited resources if you trust in him.  hope you enjoy what  you see 
here, 
and come back and visit often. please send my link to this page to a friend.   
 jim 
young








email 
link-ceofort500@aol.com
  

 how i am fighting spam! click here! 



