






halftime bar & grill | johnsburg, illinois – halftime bar and grill menu & events












































skip to content



























 
menuspecialsvolleyballpartners









(815) 344-0007











order now










 














halftime volleyball league 2025 | register here! 





























menu











volleyball











specials





















great food in mchenry county











for over 30 years, halftime bar & grill has been serving great food, drinks, and experiences to johnsburg illinois locals and visitors.




















local delivery







order now





















history of halftime


























halftime bar & grill has been serving great pizza in johnsburg, illinois since opening its doors june 1, 1993. over the years halftime has undergone numerous improvements and additions to provide a comfortable, inviting space and atmosphere.

















planning a party?






let us know the date & details of your event and please allow us 24 - 48 hours in advance to prepare.
we look forward to hearing from you!





  

your name
please enter your name.



your email
please enter a valid email.



your phone
please enter a valid phone number.



date & time, party size, special accommodations, etc.
please enter a message.




send


message failed. please try again.

thanks for letting us know. we will see you soon!
















halftime bar & grill reviews























"great lil pub/sport bar place. friendly staff. everyone is very nice there. they play volleyball. ah! we will be back for sure. 😉"-sophia 

"about the best bar-food-atmosphere in the northern il-southern wi area! highly recommend the pizza!"-mike 

"1/2x is a fun spot. love the outdoor deck! great pizza too!"-james 

"wonderful service. good pizza and ice cold beer. looking forward to my next visit."-lawrence 

"halftime is a great place to visit. they have two pool tables and i large sit down area and bar. they also have an outside area with volleyball. the establishment was very clean and the service was top-notch. the group i was with even walked away with some money for the slots. if you're in the area visit half times you would not be disappointed. i have the chicken wings chicken quesadilla and the chicken salad which was very good. good luck on your quest. cheers"-ernest 

with the new deck, what a great atmosphere. love watching the volleyball games during the summer.-julie 

"last night october 13 2023. my daughter got married at court house. i threw a reception for my daughter at halftimes. it was amazing customer service the owner was so reasonable on price. i recommend any one looking for a place to have a get together. i say halftimes."-kim 












 














serving great pizzas for 30 years














2405 johnsburg rd, johnsburg, il 60051
bar hours

everyday 11:00 am - 2:00 am

kitchen hours

sunday - thursday 11:00 am - 10:00 pm
friday- saturday 11:00 am - 11:00 pm

*1 hour before close, thin crust pizza only!
​
tel: (815) 344-0007























© 2025 halftime bar & grill | johnsburg, illinois. all rights reserved.










 














skip to content


