





thrilling life publishers: helping you pursue a thrilling life – john 10:10































































 











				menu			



 
home
about
books  





how to talk about jesus (without freaking out)the day i met godthe j bomb (how to talk, text and tweet about jesus without getting deleted!)parenting out of the boxliving on trackjourney of the son
how to talk about jesus (without freaking out)
the day i met god
the j-bomb (covell, covell, rogers)
hollywood, jesus, and you (karen covell)
parenting out of the box
grace giving leader (jan greenwood)
say yes to the bridgroom
keys of truth (cristie penn)
living on track
journey of the son






writers coach
contact us
authors
loginregister













helping you pursue a thrilling life – john 10:10


latest tweets 




home



home








welcome to thrilling life publishers 



									thrilling life publishers is a faith-based boutique publishing 
house helping readers achieve their best life one book at a 
time, in their relational, personal, professional and spiritual life, through creative works such as books, ebooks, audio, video and more. read more 



























 latest post






how to talk about jesus (without freaking out)








the day i met god








the j bomb (how to talk, text and tweet about jesus without getting deleted!)








hollywood, jesus, and you (karen covell)








parenting out of the box








grace giving leader (jan greenwood)








living on track








journey of the son



































our authors 



dr. victorya rogersjim & karen covellkaren covellpamela j. bolenjan greenwoodjan grubbscristie pennlisa rosemarcus santi 







 
dr. victorya rogers





 
jim & karen covell





 
karen covell





 
pamela j. bolen





 
jan greenwood





 
jan grubbs





 
cristie penn





 
lisa rose





 
marcus santi











video interview 




 




it was a day they'll never forget 



									32 gripping true stories of encounters with the living god								







 
view more











publisher info 



									victorya rogers founded thrilling life publishers in 2012 to release updated versions of some of her own books. rogers soon expanded to include books by authors she respected who shared her values.								







 
read more





















 


subscribe subscribe to our e-mail newsletter to receive updates  














 


                
				  	every christian needs this book [how to talk about jesus without freaking out]!!! why??? because 99.9% of christians (myself included) "freak out" when it comes to telling others about jesus!!! it is super easy-to-read and enjoyable, too--i like all the author's anecdotes about the opportunities god has given them to share jesus. to me the most important piece of this book is the reminder of how important it is for each of us to be ready at any time to share our "spiritual autobiography" (testimony of how we became a christian). the authors give great advice on how to construct your testimony and remind us that everyone loves a good story and testimonies are the best!!!                                                                 		  - amazon review of how to talk about jesus without freaking out


                
				  	keys of truth is smart, fresh and well written. remarkably insightful. truly, i was surprised at how well the author, cristie penn, provides new insights into husbands and wives. i've been married over 20 years and read several good marriage books. keys of truth has wisdom and practical ideas that were entirely new to me and my wife.              		  - art vandelay, amazon reviewer


                
				  	these are exceptionally well written examples of god's mighty power. the day i met god includes extremely interesting accounts of god's power in the lives of these people. i highly recommend it. you will not be disappointed.              		  - eileen l. gonzales, amazon reviewer


                
				  	the j bomb is such an easy read and a very practical book! sometimes evangelism books can be lengthy and dry--but not the j bomb!!! this book is chock full of practical advice on how to share jesus in your everyday life. i loved the reminder that "we're missionaries wherever god places us." the authors' real-life anecdotes about their witnessing adventures encourage all of us believers that we don't have to be perfect to tell others about jesus!!!              		  - amazon reviewer, june 11, 2018


                
				  	parenting out of the box is about keeping healthy family relationships through faith, love and humor. pamela j. bolen not only presents such a positive concept in shaping the behavior of our kids but also our own parental behavior. you will learn quickly a fun and easily approachable means of parenting with the creative toys in that box. what a refreshing and humorous way to deal with our parental options! . i recommend for parents with kids of all ages? you will enjoy!              		  - iesa sherwood







copyright © 2025 thrilling life publishers.all rights reserved
 designed by wordpress themes 








sign in 



username * 




 password * 








						remember me on this computer 
					

forgot your password?




					new user? 								register now




forgot password



 email: 











 




sign up 

 



e-mail * user name *  






already have an account? sign in






































