






mo's restaurants | spirited hospitality  |
















































locations

mo’s irish pub – katy, texas
mo’s irish pub – cypress, texas
mo’s irish pub – college station, texas
mo’s irish pub – vintage park, texas
mo’s irish pub – wauwatosa, wisconsin
mo’s irish pub – downtown milwaukee, wisconsin


feedback
gift cards
 


select page


  
 



 



 











restaurants
 
 
 
 





 

mo’s, a place for steaks opened its doors back in 1999 with a simple mission in mind.  to provide guests the very best steak in the city in addition to, the best guest experience they’ve ever had at a restaurant.  year after year, voted best steak in the city, mo’s is a milwaukee staple and we look forward to serving our guests for many years to come. 
 



est. 1999
visit mo’s, a place for steaks→

 
 
 
 


 
 
 



mo’s irish pub, “an irish american sports pub” opened its first location opened in downtown milwaukee in 2003. mo’s was named after the founder, johnny vassallo’s mother, maureen, who is of 100 percent irish heritage. vassallo was invited by guinness to travel to ireland where he spent time visiting traditional pubs and learning about irish culture. from his travels, he was inspired to import the first pub’s bar straight from ireland, transporting guests to the emerald isle the minute they walk through the doors.
 



est. 2003
visit mo’s irish pub→

 
 
 



 
 
 



“we our committed to quality across all facets of our restaurants, businesses, and partners. we aim to provide the best. every day!”  — johnny v
 
 
 
 




 
 
 


family recipes made from scratch!
 
 
 













































































































































































































































 
 

 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
  


 
 
 



gift store
feedback
contact
 
 


 mo's restaurants copyright 2020


design by 29 east media  

 
 
 












