 






medrc | water research, training & development cooperation






















































 























 



 










 




     

 







home
about us
research

research activities
oman humanitarian desalination challenge prize competition
oman humanitarian desalination challenge pathway research grants
research networks & expert symposia
recently at medrc
communications


training

training at medrc
training services
consultancy
tahlya
meet the trainers


development cooperation

transboundary water
university capacity building
technical capacity building
fellowships


news
publications

alumni research
quarterly newsletter
mena water bulletin
transboundary bulletin
transboundary briefings
press corner
brochures


gallery
contact
logout
 

home
about us
research

research activities
oman humanitarian desalination challenge prize competition
oman humanitarian desalination challenge pathway research grants
research networks & expert symposia
recently at medrc
communications


training

training at medrc
training services
consultancy
tahlya
meet the trainers


development cooperation

transboundary water
university capacity building
technical capacity building
fellowships


news
publications

alumni research
quarterly newsletter
mena water bulletin
transboundary bulletin
transboundary briefings
press corner
brochures


gallery
contact
logout
 




 

 





our research program is about bringing the best regional and global expertise together to help find solutions to the challenge of fresh water scarcity.water researchthe development cooperation program supports development and builds capacity in the areas of most need in the water sectors in palestine and jordan.development cooperationmedrc’s transboundary water cooperation program focuses on harnessing strategic expertise and provides a forum for dialogue and cooperation across borders.transboundary waterwe supply all levels of training & consultancy in desalination, water reuse and mechanical pump operations to governments and enterprise in oman and the mena region.traininga $700,000 challenge prize that looks to deliver a hand-held, stand-alone, low-cost, desalination device suitable for short-term use and rapid deployment following a humanitarian crisis.oman humanitarian desalination challenge


welcome to medrc

 








about us




medrc is an international organization mandated to find solutions to fresh water scarcity. established in 1996 as part of the middle east peace process it conducts research, training, development cooperation and transboundary water projects.

 read more...








ciarán ó cuinn
center director

 


in 1996 medrc was established, to address two of the greatest global grand challenges – peace and environmental sustainability.

 read more...


what we do

 








water research




our research program is about bringing the best regional and global expertise together to help find solutions to the challenge of fresh water scarcity.




read more…

 







training




we supply all levels of training & consultancy in desalination, water reuse and mechanical pump operations to governments and enterprise in oman and the mena region.




read more…

 







development cooperation




the development cooperation program supports development and builds capacity in the areas of most need in the water sectors in palestine and jordan.




read more…

 


recent news & events

 






















 



judging phase set to begin in oman humanitarian desalination phase

 the oman humanitarian desalination challenge is a 700,000 usd global water prize led by medrc  and the ministry of higher education, research and innovation. announced in march 2018, the challenge calls for the delivery of a low-cost, stand-alone, hand-held desalination device, that would be suitable...

								october 26, 2023								






 



medrc invites applications for omani young water researchers award, 2023

 medrc is pleased to invite eligible participants to apply to this year’s omani young water researchers award.  held under the ministry of higher education, research and innovation, the award is designed to recognize young water researchers whose work contributes to advancing key areas of the...

								july 10, 2023								






 



medrc water research alumni win 1st and 3rd place in pwa best water and sanitation research awards in palestine

 dr rinad hamed was awarded 1st place and dr ghadir hanbali was awarded 3rd place in the awards for the best scientific research in the field of water and sanitation issues in palestine headed by pwa and its partners. the awards were presented by minister...

								may 30, 2023								






 



in partnership with the british embassy muscat, medrc concludes the rerom smes programme

 in partnership with the british embassy in muscat, medrc concluded the rerom smes programme with a graduation ceremony held under the patronage of h.e. ali al abri, undersecretary for water resources at the ministry ‏of agriculture, fisheries and water resources. the rerom smes programme is...

								may 9, 2023								






 



medrc announces winners of the ‘omani young water researchers award’

 medrc has announced the winners of the ‘omani young water researchers award 2022’ at an official ceremony held under the auspices of h.e. stella kloth, ambassador of the kingdom of the netherlands to oman. established by medrc and sponsored by the omar zawawi establishment l.l.c,...

								may 5, 2023								






 



sultan turki school win inaugral medrc eco school prize

 sultan turki bin said school in south sharqiya have been announced as the overall winners of the medrc eco school prize at a ceremony held at medrc’s headquarters. sponsored by oman lng development foundation, the inaugural inter-school competition was launched by medrc in november of...

								march 22, 2023								






 



2023 medrc water research alumni forum in palestine

 two of our development cooperation team members travelled to palestine to join the annual medrc water research alumni forum in palestine with events held in both the west bank and gaza. the annual water research alumni forums provides a platform for medrc fellows, researchers and...

								february 23, 2023								






 



oman humanitarian desalination challenge, 2023

 medrc has announced the opening of team registration for this year’s oman humanitarian desalination challenge prize competition. the prize competition is a global water prize that looks to award 700,000 usd to the person or team that can invent a small, cheap and easy to...

								february 22, 2023								






 



medrc and the british embassy in muscat partner to deliver omani smes in the renewable energy water treatment sector

 medrc and the british embassy in muscat have signed an agreement during a ceremony held under the patronage of her excellency dr. rahma al mahrooqi, minister of higher education, research and innovation at medrc’s office today. the agreement was signed by james goldman, charge d’affaires...

								february 10, 2023								






 



medrc conducts 2 water finance & strategy training courses in  palestine and jordan

 medrc’s development cooperation department in cooperation with raftelis financial consultants recently conducted two online training courses in jordan and palestine for 16 trainees, as part of its water finance & strategy series with funding provided by the federal republic of germany. the first course, ‘mobilizing...

								november 10, 2022								






 



medrc awards $450,000 in funding for small-scale desalination solutions

 medrc has announced the recipients of 3 grants each amounting to $150,000 under its usaid backed pathway research grants in desalination. the funds are part of medrc’s 5-year strategic program launched in 2018 with a goal of driving innovation in small-scale desalination. the program, known...

								october 26, 2022								






 



in partnership with bp oman, medrc concludes the fifth cycle of the tahlya programme

 in partnership with bp oman, medrc held a graduation ceremony marking the closing of the tahlya v programme, under the patronage of h.e. ali mohammed al abri, undersecretary of the ministry of agriculture, fisheries and water resources for water resources. tahlya v is the fifth...

								september 8, 2022								






 



call for applications: msc fellowship awards

 medrc is pleased to invite researchers from palestine and jordan* to submit their applications for the 2022 msc fellowship awards. funded through the government of the netherlands and the federal republic of germany and delivered in partnership with the palestinian water authority and the jordanian...

								july 27, 2022								






 



2022 innovation initiative grant awards: removal of radioactive elements, reuse of sewage sludge among 9 new water research projects funded by medrc

 for the fifth year in a row, researchers in palestine and jordan have been awarded with a medrc innovation initiative grant. this year, 9 researchers will receive funds for research projects that help solve problems related to water scarcity and the overuse of natural water...

								june 26, 2022								






 



2022 alumni forum in jordan: water security for sustainable development

 the annual medrc alumni forum took place in jordan on 12 june, with this year’s theme being water security for sustainable development. the forum was opened with a welcome message by medrc center director ciarán ó cuinn and a speech from h.e. dr. jihad mahamid,...

								june 19, 2022								






 



palestinian & jordanian delagations visit muscat for advanced training at medrc hq.

 medrc recently conducted two training courses in muscat, oman for trainees from palestine and jordan as part of its desalination training module, with funding provided by the federal german foreign office.   this was the first training to take place in person since 2019 and...

								march 27, 2022								






 



medrc invites applications for omani young water researchers award, 2022

 medrc is pleased to invite eligible participants to apply to this year’s omani young water researchers award.  the award is designed to recognize young water researchers whose work contributes to advancing key areas of the water sector: water management wastewater treatment and reuse water treatment...

								march 22, 2022								






 



call for applications: innovation initiative research grant award

 medrc is pleased to invite applications for the innovation initiative research grant awards for researchers from palestine and jordan. funded through the government of the netherlands and delivered in partnership with the palestinian water authority, the ministry of water and irrigation (mwi), jordan valley authority...

								february 7, 2022								






 



medrc backs 35 new research projects in palestine and jordan

 medrc fellowships for water science, policy & security   35 researchers from palestine and jordan working in areas of water science and security joined medrc’s water research fellowship program last month. the newly awarded msc fellows will be focusing on topics such as the use...

								january 18, 2022								






 



medrc announces winners of the ‘omani young water researchers award’ and the ‘eco school prize’ 2021

 muscat, december 16, 2021: medrc has announced the winners of the ‘omani young water researchers award 2021’ and the ‘eco school prize’ at an official ceremony held under the auspices of h.e. stella kloth, ambassador of the kingdom of the netherlands to oman. established by medrc...

								december 19, 2021								






 



medrc announce finalists of ‘omani young water researchers award, 2021

 medrc water research have announced the names of ten young omani researchers, shortlisted as finalists for the ‘omani young water researchers award, 2021. the high-profile award celebrates the world class water research being conducted by young omani students at undergraduate and postgraduate level in universities...

								november 22, 2021								






 



medrc holds closing workshop for membrane reuse project

 the middle east desalination research center (medrc) in cooperation with the ministry of higher education, research and innovation held a closing workshop under the patronage of h.e. ali mohammed al abri, undersecretary of water resources at the ministry of agriculture, fisheries and water resources, to...

								october 7, 2021								






 



medrc conducts a desalination module training program in palestine and jordan

   medrc’s development cooperation and training departments recently conducted two online training courses in jordan and palestine for over 20 trainees, as part of its desalination training module for plant operators, supervisors and managers, with funding provided by the federal german foreign office. the medrc...

								august 31, 2021								






 



apply for a medrc msc fellowship 2021

 medrc is pleased to announce the 2021 batch of master’s research fellowship awards, to be granted to exceptional water research students in palestine and jordan. this will be the 10th edition of the msc fellowships awards done in coordination with the palestinian and jordanian water...

								august 24, 2021								






 



medrc supports another 8 researchers from palestine and jordan in creating solutions to water scarcity

 photo: innovation initiative researcher rinad hamed, palestine medrc has awarded eight researchers from palestine and jordan with an innovation initiative grant, for the development of new tools and techniques that help tackle water scarcity in the two countries. among the 2021 award winning projects are...

								august 22, 2021								






 



medrc alumni forums held in palestine

 the annual medrc alumni forums took place in palestine last week, with live events as well as online participation via zoom. it was the 4th edition of the forums, the first of which took place in 2018. the alumni forum in palestine took place on...

								august 3, 2021								






 



medrc alumni forum held in jordan

 the annual medrc alumni forum took place in jordan on 25 july, with live events as well as online participation via zoom. it was the 4th edition of the forums, the first of which took place in 2018. to comply with measures against the spread...

								august 1, 2021								






 



in partnership with bp oman, medrc concludes the fourth cycle of the tahlya programme

 in partnership with bp oman, medrc concluded the tahlya iv programme with a graduation ceremony held under the patronage of h.e. sheikh khalifa ali al harthy, under secretary for diplomatic affairs at the ministry ‏of foreign affairs. the tahlya iv programme is a vocational training...

								july 28, 2021								






 



medrc announces pathway research grants to support small-scale desalination units

 in partnership with the united states agency for international development (usaid), medrc has launched an international call for research proposals in a bid to spur innovation in small scale desalination technologies. to engage the broadest possible community of researchers and innovators from across the world,...

								july 8, 2021								






 



membrane reuse project testing phase set to begin

 first launched in july 2019 in cooperation with the research council, now the ministry of higher education, research and innovation, the project investigating the “use of end of life reverse osmosis membranes to treat wastewater for industrial and agricultural use” is nearing its final stages....

								june 24, 2021								






 



webinar: omani young water researchers award

 over the past four years, the omani young water researcher award has served as an important annual event that has motivated, encouraged and highlighted water research among omani youth. the award this year was held under the auspices of the ministry of higher education, research...

								may 23, 2021								






 



medrc invite applications for omani young water researchers award, 2021

 medrc is pleased to invite eligible participants to apply to this year’s omani young water researchers award.  held under the auspices of the ministry of higher education, research and innovation, the award is designed to recognize young water researchers whose work contributes to advancing key...

								march 30, 2021								






 



medrc announces winners of the ‘omani young water researchers award’ and the ‘eco school prize’ 2020

 high profile awards celebrating the achievements of omani students   medrc has announced the winners of the ‘omani young water researchers award 2020’ and the ‘eco school prize’ at an official ceremony held under the auspices of h.e. dr. rahma al mahrooqi, minister of higher...

								march 17, 2021								






 



call for applications: innovation initiative research grant award

 medrc is pleased to invite applications for the innovation initiative research grant awards for palestine. funded through the government of the netherlands and delivered in partnership with the water authorities of palestine and jordan , the grants provide research support funds to innovative and impactful...

								march 8, 2021								






 



tahlya starts hands on training phase

 the bp sponsored tahlya program seeks to train young omani national job seekers in reverse osmosis desalination technologies. the training program, composed of classroom training, hands on training and on job training started in february last year at medrc and was continued online due to...

								february 24, 2021								






 



medrc eco school prize gains momentum

 the judging panel of the medrc eco school prize gathered today through an online platform to reach a decision on which of the 5 competing schools are to be declared winners.   the panel includes nominated representatives from the ministry of education, haya water, the...

								january 22, 2021								






 



modeling wastewater pollutants dispersion in the coastal waters of gaza

 it started when he was young, he wrote in his research proposal for medrc’s msc fellowships in 2019. ‘tv shows and films like good will hunting, sherlock holmes and a beautiful mind captured my imagination. watching these clever people solve complex equations or puzzles, the...

								january 13, 2021								






 



medrc alumni forums held in gaza and west bank, palestine

 in the final weeks of 2020, medrc alumni forums took place in palestine with live events in the west bank and gaza as well as online presentations and discussion via zoom. it was the third edition of the forums, which have been held annually in...

								january 11, 2021								






 



medrc announce finalists of ‘omani young water researchers award, 2020

 medrc water research have announced the names of twelve young omani researchers, shortlisted as finalists for the ‘omani young water researchers award, 2020. the high-profile award celebrates the world class water research being conducted by young omani students at undergraduate and postgraduate level in universities...

								january 4, 2021								






 



super seeds for saline agriculture

 rinad hamed’s seed coating method helps farmers in palestine grow better crops on saline soil. medrc catches up with a researcher from ramallah who participated in medrc’s water research fellowship program in 2012 and who is now about to establish her own company. when rinad...

								december 2, 2020								






 



medrc supports additional 15 promising water research projects in palestine and jordan

 new batch of msc fellowships for 2020 brings total to 300 15 researchers from palestine and jordan will be participating in medrc’s water research fellowship program, starting this academic year. medrc supported msc research projects address an immediate need or specific problem as identified in...

								november 29, 2020								






 



medrc eco school prize 2020 launched online

 for the second year in a row, medrc has launched its eco school prize, an inter-school competition designed to build greater water and energy use awareness among school children in oman. sponsored by the embassy of the kingdom of the netherlands and oman lng development...

								november 12, 2020								






 



medrc award $90,000 in funding for bio inspired desalination solution

 medrc has announced the recipient of a $90,000 grant under its usaid backed pathway research grants in desalination.  planet, an italian startup, has secured the funding to develop their mangrove still – a bio inspired, modular, low-cost easy to use solar desalination system.   the...

								november 1, 2020								






 



webinar: water security & covid-19; learning & beyond

 muscat, october 5, 2020: a medrc organized public webinar “water security and covid 19; learning and beyond” took place today convening leading water experts from oman and the netherlands to exchange on responses to the covid-19 pandemic. the event focused on analyzing the impact of...

								october 5, 2020								






 



oman humanitarian desalination challenge 2020: competition intensifies as judging phase set to begin

 the oman humanitarian desalination challenge is a global water prize offering a $700,000 usd cash reward to the winner. first announced in march 2018, the challenge seeks delivery of a low-cost, stand-alone, hand-held desalination device, suitable for short-term use and rapid deployment during humanitarian crises....

								september 28, 2020								






 



apply for a medrc msc fellowship 2020

 medrc is pleased to announce our 2020 batch of master’s research fellowship awards, to be granted to exceptional water research students in palestine and jordan. fellowships are awarded in partnership with the regional water authorities of palestine and jordan to select students pursuing a master’s...

								july 29, 2020								






 



medrc to support new omani start-ups in water treatment sector

 through the support of bp oman’s social investment program, medrc announced a new training initiative at a virtual launching ceremony on wednesday, july 15, 2020. the tahlya for smes training program will train, develop and support omani smes in the water treatment sector, boosting job...

								july 15, 2020								






 



deadline extension announced for young omani water researchers award, 2020

 medrc has announced an extension to this year’s omani young water researchers award.  the deadline for entry has moved to august 1, 2020. held under the auspices of the public authority for water (diam), the annual award is designed to recognize young omani water researchers...

								july 12, 2020								






 



medrc launch monthly transboundary bulletin 

 providing regular updates on global environmental cooperation.   launched today, a new medrc bulletin will deliver monthly updates on the latest global responses to cross-border environmental challenges. the initiative will bring together the latest news about pressing transboundary environmental issues such as water, climate change, and...

								june 4, 2020								






 



medrc report examines cross-border impact of dams

 transboundary dams report looks at potential for international cooperation   released today, a new medrc report on transboundary dams, examines the costs and benefits of dams that reshape the environment across political boundaries. from enhanced water management to hydroelectricity, dams can provide great benefits as...

								may 11, 2020								






 



deadline extension announced: rfp call

 medrc has extended its deadline for applicants to respond to its usaid backed request for research proposal (rfp) supporting the development of small-scale  desalination units capable of supporting a family with limited or no access to fresh water. the new deadline is may 13,2020, 16:00...

								april 28, 2020								






 



medrc announce extension to oman humanitarian desalination challenge

 in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the deadline for applications for the oman humanitarian desalination challenge has been extended to may 31, 2020. ‘we recognize that researchers, innovators and entrepreneurs across the world are experiencing great difficulties due to the covid 19 crisis. many laboratories...

								april 8, 2020								






 



medrc invite applications for omani young water researchers award, 2020

 medrc is pleased to invite eligible participants to apply to this year’s omani young water researchers award.  held under the auspices of diam, the award is designed to recognize young water researchers whose work contributes to advancing key areas of the water sector: water management...

								march 25, 2020								






 



medrc announce desalination innovation drive with usaid backed international research call

 in partnership with usaid, medrc has launched an international call for research proposals in a bid to spur innovation in small scale desalination technologies. to engage the broadest possible community of researchers and innovators from across the world, medrc’s desalination innovation strategy has two approaches...

								march 24, 2020								






 



oman humanitarian desalination challenge, 2020

  $700,000 global water prize competition opens medrc has today announced the opening of team registration for this year’s oman humanitarian desalination challenge prize competition. the competition is a global water prize that looks to award 700,000 usd to the person or team that can invent...

								february 23, 2020								






 



medrc deliver desalination training in the maldives

 medrc is working with the male water & sewerage company (mwsc) of the maldives to deliver comprehensive training in reverse osmosis operation, monitoring and troubleshooting. the medrc training course has been designed to boost capacity among staff working in a number of desalination plants located on...

								february 3, 2020								






 



desalination training announcement

 registration is now open for the training course “ro operation, monitoring & troubleshooting level 1” the 4 day classroom course will be held at medrc on march 1-4, 2020. the course is aimed at operators, technicians, supervisors and all new comers to ro desalination. course...

								january 28, 2020								






 



call for applications: innovation initiative research grant award

 medrc is pleased to invite applications for the final round of the innovation initiative research grant awards for palestine and jordan. funded through the government of the netherlands and delivered in partnership with the palestinian water authority, jordan valley authority, water authority of jordan and...

								january 27, 2020								






 



2nd medrc alumni forum takes place in palestine

 the 2nd palestinian medrc alumni forum took place at al najah university in palestine today, held under the patronage of h.e eng. mazen ghuneim, minister and head of the palestinian water authority. speaking at this morning’s opening session were medrc center director, ciarán ó cuinn...

								december 16, 2019								






 



medrc release latest issue of transboundary waters practitioners briefing series

 medrc has launched a series of practitioner briefings on concepts and issues related to transboundary waters. the briefings are practical guides for those working on transboundary waters and those seeking to use water as an instrument of peace. designed to help overcome the academic-practitioner gap...

								december 5, 2019								






 



medrc showcase latest cutting edge water treatment technologies at annual exhibition

 medrc’s cutting-edge water technology showcase took place at the sundus rotana hotel in muscat today.  designed to support and showcase the very latest in water treatment and reuse technologies, the event was inaugurated by h.e laetitia van asch, ambassador of the kingdom of the netherlands...

								december 3, 2019								






 



jordanian engineers complete final ro training at medrc

 five engineers from the water authority of jordan have completed the final course of their ro desalination training program at medrc today. the training was delivered through the development cooperation department at medrc under its technical capacity building program. the program works to enhance institutional...

								november 28, 2019								






 



cutting-edge water technology showcase, 2019

   an annual medrc event to support and showcase the very latest in water treatment and reuse technologies. due to take place this year on the 3rd and 4th of december 2019,  the event sets out to gather key decision makers responsible for deploying new...

								november 25, 2019								






 



medrc announce online application for tahlya 2020

 medrc is pleased to announce the opening of online applications for its vocational training course in desalination, known as tahlya. eligible candidates are invited to apply through medrc’s website at medrc.org/tahlya. to be eligible for a place on the tahlya program candidates must meet the following...

								november 14, 2019								






 



climate diplomacy academy wraps in berlin

 the mena academy on climate diplomacy came to a close on sunday november 3rd, 2019 after a week long agenda that brought 25 young mena participants together in berlin for a comprehensive capacity building training in climate diplomacy.  the event was co organized by medrc...

								november 4, 2019								






 



jordanian engineers attend swro desalination training at medrc

 five engineers from the water authority of jordan returned to muscat this week to continue their education and training in reverse osmosis desalination at medrc’s water training center. the training is being delivered through the development cooperation department at medrc under the technical capacity building...

								october 24, 2019								






 



medrc / kas climate diplomacy academy attracts key international experts

 the mena academy on climate diplomacy is a 7-day training academy co organized by medrc and the konrad-adenauer-foundation’s regional program on energy security and climate change in the middle east and north africa (kas- remena). the event is due to be inaugurated by the senior...

								october 2, 2019								






 



judging phase set to begin in oman humanitarian desalination challenge

 muscat, september 15, 2019: the oman humanitarian desalination challenge is a 700,000 usd global water prize led by medrc water research and the research council of oman (trc) and funded by the sultan qaboos higher center for culture and science. announced in march 2018, the...

								september 15, 2019								






 



ciarán ó cuinn on launch of transboundary waters briefings

 at the request of member states, medrc provides briefings for diplomats and officials working on transboundary water issues. these are practical guides for those working on transboundary waters and those seeking to use water as an instrument of peace. they are modest introductions that provide...

								september 5, 2019								






 



winners of young omani water researchers award announced

 medrc water research has announced the winners of the ‘omani young water researchers award 2019’ at an official ceremony held in muscat today. established by medrc and sponsored by the embassy of the kingdom of the netherlands in oman, the omar zawawi establishment l.l.c and...

								september 4, 2019								






 



finalists of ‘omani young water researchers award’ for 2019 announced

 medrc water research have announced the names of 9 young omani researchers, shortlisted as finalists for the ‘omani young water researchers award, 2019. the high-profile award celebrates the world class water research being conducted by young omani students at undergraduate and postgraduate level in universities...

								august 4, 2019								






 



water authority of jordan engineers complete training at medrc

 four engineers from the water authority of jordan have completed their level 1 training course in swro operation monitoring and troubleshooting at medrc’s training center in muscat. three of the four participants had taken the theory exam in april of this year after attending an...

								july 31, 2019								






 



2019 medrc master’s research fellowship program

 medrc is pleased to announce our 2019 batch of master’s research fellowship awards, to be granted to exceptional water research students in palestine and jordan. fellowships are awarded in partnership with the regional water authorities of palestine and jordan to select students pursuing a master’s...

								july 30, 2019								






 



kick off meeting for membrane reuse project

 medrc hosted the kick off meeting for the project “use of end of life ro membranes to treat wastewater for industrial and agricultural use”. working with the research council, medrc are leading a 2-year water research project to investigate the potential of reusing discarded reverse...

								july 11, 2019								






 



practical application of wef nexus: 2 day medrc/kas workshop kicks off in marrakech

 medrc (oman) and konrad-adenauer-stiftung remena (germany) have gathered the foremost experts in the region for a 2-day workshop in marrakesh (morocco) under the topic ‘water-energy-food nexus implementation in mena cities’. the workshop is the third in a series of three delivered by the partnership under...

								july 10, 2019								






 



medrc launch international research call to boost small scale desalination technologies

 in partnership with usaid, medrc water research is launching an international research call for proposals to boost innovation in small scale desalination technologies. the humanitarian desalination challenge research call will support pathway research, aimed at the delivery of an innovative family sized desalination unit. the...

								july 3, 2019								







medrc has awarded italian startup planet $90,000 in funding through their usaid backed pathway research grants in desalination.

view details


our partners

 












































































































 


sign up to our newsletters

 









medrc quarterley newsletter




			
			our medrc corporate newsletter, produced quarterly, providing updates on all our organization’s activities. the newsletter is emailed directly to your inbox with copies also available to read online.			
							





 








mena water bulletin




			
			a monthly round-up of the latest water news from mena region and beyond. delivered directly to your inbox on the 25th of every month with copies also available to read online.			
							





 














  



  



  



contact us info@medrc.org
+968 24 41 55 00

 























































































































