


the shipslist  archives: as of oct 1997







email discussion list & mail archives

view the mail archives

theshipslist website
passenger lists, fleet lists, ship descriptions and more
the email discussion list:
theshipslist email discussion list is for anyone interested in the ships on which our ancestors emigrated. subjects include emigration & immigration, port of entries, ports of departure, ship descriptions and history, passenger lists and any other related information, such as naturalization and border records. there are about 2,000 subscribers worldwide and many fulltime members who have a great deal of knowledge and expertise in the area of emigration, ships, passengers lists, etc. they are ready and willing to assist and guide you on your search.
theshipslist mail list is available to subscribers only, so you must subscribe in order to post a query to the list and receive the list mail and/or digest. after subscribing, you will receive a "welcome message" containing confirmation of your subscription, and which also includes the correct address to use to post your query to the list members. the "welcome message" also contains guidelines, instructions, notes and hot-links (useful website addresses), so it is recommended that you save this message, and refer to it often.
you can choose to receive list mail in list mode (individual messages) or digest mode (the same mail in the form of an indexed digest). list mode members receive, by default, a copy of any message they post to the list. theshipslist email list can generate a lot of mail, so you may want to consider digest mode, or subscribe to both (initially) to see which mode you prefer.
subscribing:
to subscribe to list mode, send a message to theshipslist-l-request@rootsweb.com with the one command word subscribe in the body of the message.
to subscribe to digest mode, send a message to theshipslist-d-request@rootsweb.com with the one command word subscribe in the body of the message.
unsubscribing:
to unsubscribe from list mode, send a message to theshipslist-l-request@rootsweb.com with the one command word unsubscribe in the body of the message.
to unsubscribe from digest mode, send a message to theshipslist-d-request@rootsweb.com with the one command word unsubscribe in the body of the message.


about the nsgenweb archives of this mailing list 
the archiving here begins as of: 21 october 1997. 
for articles before this date (the list began on 5 october 1997) see: http://www.cimorelli.com/shipslist/digest. the archive there cannot be full-text searched. you will need to open up a particular digest page and use the find from your browser menu to search each page separately. http://www.cimorelli.com/shipslist/mail/ also holds the postings in individual format, beginning november 1997.
the volunteer administrator, sue swiggum, and the regular fulltime list members often go beyond the call of a mailing list administrator or list member, and assist individuals with lookups regarding a particular passenger / passenger list, ship or shipping line and contemporary newspaper item.. please remember that this is an unusual degree of service and dedication; you will want to be reasonable in such requests and thank them *zealously* for each lookup attempt.

..back to theshipslist website


