








vapartisans .org  |  the virginia partisans gay & lesbian democratic club














 

 

 



your  virginia vapartisansgay and lesbian democratic club board 
vapartisans


the virginia vapartisansgay and lesbian democratic club 

            
board of directors as follows:
charley conrad president
lela graham vice president
andrew mackenzie secretary
mark hindin assistant secretary
tom osborne treasurer
toby quaranta at large for youth outreach
brian boyce richmond chapter chair
lela graham charlottesville chapter chair
jason robinson tidewater chapter chair
sean holihan at large for state legislative liaison
alexandra beninda at large
terry mansberger at large
nick benton at large

the roanoke chapter chair position is still open. we need someone from roanoke to step up and take the late sam garrison’s space on the virginia vapartisansboard. we have been recruiting in the roanoke area without success.
pac board vivian paige, tom osborne, lela graham, sean holihan, and charley conrad will form the five member political action committee (pac board) of the virginia
vapartisansgay and lesbian democratic club.
the virginia vapartisansgay and lesbian democratic is an official constituency group before the democratic party of virginia. charley conrad represents the
virginia vapartisansbefore the democratic party of virginia.
the virginia vapartisansboard will conduct their 2015 planning retreat on saturday january 19th from noon until 5pm at the arlington county democratic committee office at 2009 14th street north suite 612 arlington 22201. the
retreat is open to anyone who would like to participate in the discussion. if you would like to attend as a guest please rsvp to charley conrad at president@vavapartisans.org or 703 835 6614.
 

 

virginia vapartisansexecutive board election results 
vapartisans


mark hindin, alexandra beninda and brian boyce have tabulated all the ballots and have certified the results of the virginia vapartisansexecutive board election.  the 2008 2009 executive board members elected are:
charley conrad - president
lela graham - vice president
treasurer - tom osborne
secretary - andrew mackenzie
assistant secretary - mark hindin
 

 

senator jim webb attends virginia vapartisansfall fund raiser 
vapartisans


picture: senator jim webb addressing the crowd and announcing his support of the matthew shepherd hate crimes act and enda.
senator jim webb attended the va vapartisansfall fund raiser at the home of jay fisette on wednesday september 26th. over 200 gathered to hear remarks by arlington county board member jay fisette, va vapartisanspresident charley conrad, state senator mary margaret whipple, and state delegate adam ebbin. senator webb spoke about “basic fairness” for our community and announced his support for the matthew shepherd hate crimes act and the employment non discrimination act (enda). thanks to the efforts of jay fisette, the fall fund raiser was one of our most successful events. the money raised went directly to support the state democratic senate and house caucuses and targeted democratic candidates in the november election. this was a great contribution to the statewide efforts by the democratic party of virginia to take majority control of the state senate and house of delegates. thanks to all who attended and contributed to this very important cause.

arlington school board candidate abby raphael, arlington commissioner of revenue ingrid morroy and activist john michel enjoying the event.
 
senator jim webb and county board member jay fisette
 
jay fisette, charley conrad,  delegate adam ebbin and senator mary margaret whipple
 

 

kaine joins vapartisansfor 15th anniversary 
vapartisans


governor kaine helped celebrate the partisan 15th anniversary at the home or mark weinress and tom donegan on saturday june 30th.  this was the first time a sitting governor attended a vapartisansevent.  it was a great day or food, fellowship, fun and politics.  thanks to all who attend and celebrated with us.

 

 

vapartisansfundraiser for roemmelt a success 

2. april 2007vapartisans 

the vapartisansjoint fundraiser with delegate david englin and the arlington young democrats was a huge success. all told, we raise more than $1,900 to help bruce defeat bob marshall.
you can find some pictures of the event by clicking here.
 

 

a message from vapartisanspresident charley conrad 
vapartisans


in 2007 the virginia vapartisansgay and lesbian democratic club celebrates our 15th anniversary.  we are proud of what our club has done in the past. we grateful for the leaders who built our club to a respected political force in virginia.  
our founder adam ebbin started virginia vapartisanswith a few friends and an idea to give voice to gay and lesbian issues in 1992.  today delegate adam ebbin is a respected member of the virginia general assembly - the first openly gay member of that assembly.  we carry on the work of those early leaders with a dynamic board an agressive agenda for 2007.  
our primary purpose is to continue to help elect democrats to our top statewide offices and the house of delegates and the state senate.  democrats support our causes and it is to our core that we work to gain majority status for democrats in the house of delegates and the state senate in 2007.  just four new democratic gains in the state senate will gain a majority.  we are committed to these causes in targeted races across the commonwealth.  
we need you help financially, and your membership as grass roots volunteers. join us today and be part of a dynamic change in virginia. in the words of mahatma gandhi: “be the change you wish to see in the world”.
charley
 

 

special salute to delegate david englin 
vapartisans


we have many straight allies who support our causes. one person deserves special recognition this time around. delegate david englin went way beyond the call of duty. delegate david englin is one of those who worked the hardest. he organized canvasses and phone banks, all of which he personally participated in. he also turned over his home as a headquarters for volunteers.
 go on reading »
 

 

virginia vapartisanshelped in electing senator jim webb 
vapartisans


here are some of the reasons why:

webb believes that the government’s influence stops at our front foor absent a compelling reason to come inside.


webb opposes amendments to both the u.s. and virginia constitutions which would prohibit same sex marriage. webb highlighted his opposition to the proposed virginia constitutional amendment in his victory speech on primary election night. 

 go on reading »
 

 

2006 vapartisansbarbeque w/ gov. warner 
vapartisans


virginia vapartisansgratefully thanks our sponsors- click here for a list
many thanks to the 120 plus vapartisansmembers and supporters who turned out for our 2006 bbq. our special guest was former governor mark warner who received the president’s award from the va vapartisansfor outstanding contributions to all virginians. senate candidate jim webb also spoke to the crowd and as well as congressman jim moran.
 go on reading »
 

 

virginia vapartisanscelebrate may 2nd sweep for endorsed candidates 
vapartisans


the virginia vapartisansgay and lesbian democratic club celebrated tuesday night after every candidate they endorsed in the may 2nd city elections was victorious.
in alexandria, unopposed democratic mayor bill euille was re-elected, along with all six democratic candidates for the six city council seats: incumbents ludwig gaines, rob krupicka, andrew macdonald, del pepper, and paul smedberg, and first-time candidate tim lovain. all seven candidates ran with the vapartisansenthusiastic endorsement. smedberg, first elected in 2003, is one of virginia’s three openly gay elected officials. each of the six democratic council candidates garnered over 8000 votes, while the nearest republican finished with only about 5800 votes.
 go on reading »
 

 

 


about the virginia partisans
proud in virginia!
	
the virginia vapartisansgay and lesbian democratic club, a nonprofit organization, serves as a channel for the participation and involvement of gays and lesbians in the democratic party in the commonwealth of virginia. to meet this objective, virginia vapartisans: 
 -serves as a lobbying group promoting gay and lesbian concerns in party platforms and policies;-supports specific democratic candidates and candidates who are not affiliated with other political parties and have no democratic party opponent, and;-provides personnel and financial assistance to campaigns within federal, state and local law.
more about »

 

get involved!
what you can do:
 -sign up for our email newsletter-join the partisans
-support our endorsed candidates -contribute

 

 

 


 

 authorized by the virginia vapartisansgay & lesbian democratic club, virginia registration no. va-94-018. 
contributions are not tax-deductible. 
p.o. box 6243 arlington, va 22206-0243 
 
 


