


  







vermont symphony orchestra – vso



















































 














vermont symphony orchestra





 



merchandise
contact us
donate



tickets & events

upcoming events
2024-2025 subscriptions
rodgers & hammerstein’s oklahoma! in concert – august 13
rodgers & hammerstein’s oklahoma! in concert – august 14
rodgers & hammerstein’s oklahoma! in concert – august 15
frequently asked questions


community collaboration

education
masterclef 2025
vso valentines 2025
volunteer opportunities
vso ensembles
community ticket connect


connect

galleries
watch
press & media


philanthropy

donate now
support opportunities
endowed funds
vso friends committees
volunteer
2023 – 2024 donors


about us

history
annual report
music director
meet the artists
administration & board
vso chorus
booking
commissions
careers


 









2024-2025 season 
learn more




flynn subscriptions on sale now 
learn more





 

about the vso with around 40 annual performances statewide in concert halls, beautiful natural settings, and historic and community buildings, the vermont symphony orchestra has proven its value and sustainability, not only as the nation’s oldest state-assisted orchestra, but as one of the finest of its size. in addition to concert programming, symphonykids presentations reach thousands of vermont’s elementary and middle school students annually. the vso serves year round with outreach programs and children’s concerts, as well as choral and chamber music concerts.
learn more about the vso


 

support the vso the vermont symphony orchestra is not your typical orchestra. thanks to support from donors like you, we travel the state, performing not only in vermont’s great music halls, but also in churches and schools, on college campuses, and in beautiful natural settings. through our symphonykids program, we reach thousands of vermont students each year. and we can’t do it without your continued support. join our family today!
learn moremake a gift


 

stay up to date on all events












subscribe

thanks for signing up!




 







make recurring donation
events
meet the artists
contact us
about us
 



 
 

 copyright  vermont symphony orchestra
website designed by hark

  802-864-5741
 

 802-864-5741 vso.org
 










 





 







































