






pasta lensi





















































                menu
              







why lensi
meet the family
how to prepare
recipes


 


the lensi story
where to buy
contact us

 
 








more toamore!more to  amore!











the lensi difference
pasta lensi has used innovation in the art of pasta making since
              1920 and continues to do so today with its line of legume pastas. unlike some other legume pastas, pasta
              lensi is made from one
              simple ingredient whether it be chickpeas, red lentils, or yellow lentils. even better, these gluten free
              varieties have more fiber than traditional pasta, and 22 grams of plant-based protein in every 3.5 oz
              portion (about 2 servings).
              choose from a selection of one-ingredient legume pastas to colorful lentil and vegetable pasta blends or
              try
              them all! all of our products are made in italy and packed with flavor and nutrients.

our pastas are:































authentically italian, your way
we take pride in bringing the taste of italy to you that's
              also healthy. that means constantly working to improve our products so you can discover the comforting goodness of authentic italian protein pasta, however you like.
all of our pasta is created from legumes, which
              pack in more than 1.5x the protein and at least 3.5x the fiber of regular pasta. that means you get to
              enjoy flavorful and quality pasta without gluten or cholesterol.




meet the famiglia































one-ingredient pastas

looking for quality pasta made from simple and premium
            ingredients? look no further than pasta lensi. from classic rotini to fun casarecce, pasta lensi is great in
            any of your favorite recipes. made with one ingredient, discover the delicious flavor of 100% chickpea, red
            lentil and yellow lentil pasta. our pastas are made in italy, are non-gmo project verified and are packed
            with plant-based protein and fiber in every 3.5oz portion (about 2 servings).






chickpea casarecce

available sizes: 10oz





red lentil fusilli

available sizes: 10oz





yellow lentil penne rigate

available sizes: 10oz





yellow lentil spaghetti

available sizes: 10oz











lentil & vegetable blends

discover new and exciting flavors by trying our
            pasta lensi lentil & vegetable blends pasta. with all the added benefits of legumes and veggies, these
            colorful pastas are also loaded with herbs and spices for meals that are destined for deliciousness. did you
            know these are also gluten free, rich in fiber and protein? switch up dinner time by serving lentil and
            delicious vegetables like spinach or pumpkin in the shape of rotini pasta! 






lentil pasta with beet and ginger

available sizes: 9oz





lentil pasta with spinach and basil

available sizes: 9oz





lentil pasta with pumpkin and turmeric

available sizes: 9oz
















4 steps to perfect pasta









bring 4 quarts of water to a rolling boil: salt to taste, if desired



cook pasta according to package instructions


             
          


drain



serve and enjoy







cooking times







lentil and vegetable5-7 minutes


yellow lentil penne6-8 minutes





red lentil6-8 minutes


chickpea8-10 minutes





yellow lentil spaghetti9-11 minutes























previous



next



recipes. so delizioso!


            get the deliciousness you crave from legume pasta made from chickpeas and lentils. uncomplicated and easy,
            learn how to cook lentil pasta recipes packed with flavor and plenty of protein. from refreshing pasta
            salads to flavorful main dishes loaded with fresh vegetables and bold sauces, pasta lensi adds extra protein and authentic italian flair.
          










                chickpea hummus salad with tahini dressing
              


                two mediterranean favorites come together in this fresh vegetarian pasta salad.
              








citrus scented pesto
                chickpea casarecce

the citrus basil and mint pesto adds a touch of yumminess to this
                delicious plant-based pasta dish.








creamy curry yellow
                lentil pasta
              

this creamy pasta is packed with bold curry flavors, spinach and
                mushrooms for a comforting meal.








lemon basil chicken pasta
              

this lemon basil chicken pasta dish has it all: it’s flavorful,
                filling,
                quick and easy to make!








pork and pepper pasta

bring fall vibes into your meal with this pork and lentil pasta with
                pumpkin and turmeric.








red lentil fusilli with vegetables & herbs
              

the delicious and bold aroma of fresh vegetables and spices are a
                match
                made in tastebud heaven!









                shaved brussels sprouts pancetta and yellow lentil penne
              


                enjoy the combination of brussels sprouts, pancetta and parmesan cheese in a gluten-free pasta dish.
              









                shrimp & herbs chickpea casarecce
              


                this legume pasta is so easy to prepare, you’ll want to keep it on hand for busy weeknight dinners.
              









                shrimp & ricotta pasta
              

this shrimp & ricotta pasta is not only delicious but also quick and
                easy to make. try it today!









                spinach & ricotta yellow lentil pasta
              

packed with legumes, greens and cheese, this creamy pasta recipe comes
                together in 4 simple steps.








vegetable herb sauce with red lentil pasta

enjoy more tasty vegetables with this recipe for red lentil fusilli
                with
                a vegetable and herb sauce.








yellow lentil cauliflower and coconut curry

this creamy recipe pairs rich curry flavors with plant based protein
                and
                fiber from legume pasta.















              perfected from recipes passed down from generation to generation, pasta lensi brings the iconic taste of
              italy to your family’s dinner table. taste the difference of our 100% legume pasta crafted from a long
              tradition of making italian pasta using only the best ingredients. with our commitment to quality,
              tradition and taste, we’re devoted to providing only the greatest pasta to offer your family with the
              taste they love and the quality they deserve. 







the lensi legacy

who we are — from our humble beginnings in italy, we take pride in making high-quality plant-based pasta
              that’s meant to be enjoyed with family and friends.
            

where we come from — back in 1920, signor vasco lensi created fresh, hand-made pasta and
              hand-delivered it
              to families across vinci and florence. passing on the knowledge to his son, marzio, the business grew over
              time, expanding across europe and eventually the rest of the world.
            

where we are today — staying true to what made pasta lensi a household name, we have
              continued to
              provide pasta made with only the best ingredients, in the tradition of the old country from where it was
              born.
            




we know pasta
what we do – with over 100 years of experience, we've evolved our products, focusing on
              quality legumes packed with protein, fiber and other health benefits to offer great-tasting pasta that is
              gluten free and suitable for both vegan and vegetarian diets.
            
our products are made in a pastificio, or pasta kitchen, in the lombardy region
              of italy. we've combined over a century of pasta-making expertise with delicious legumes to create single-ingredient products that stay true to our roots. 








              while we’re always working to improve and create healthier, more flavorful pasta, we’ve never forgotten
              where we come from. making authentic, great-tasting pasta that you can share with your family is something
              we’ve taken great pride in for the last century and will continue to focus on as we move forward into the
              future.
            









contact us
careers
terms &
          conditions





privacy policy
cookie policy
california supply chaintransparency law











do not sell my personal information
© bay valley foods, llc














