








mrgym.com - home




























cooperative
sport & lead-up
tag/chase/flee
combative/soft war
dance/rhythmic
holiday
small space
misc. games
fitness
creating teams
birthday games


kindergarten
1st grade
2nd grade
3rd grade
4th grade
5th grade
6th grade
7th grade
8th grade
9th - 12th grades


presidents challenge
brockport & others
skills and drills


cheap or free
home made


my field day
more field days


how we built it
how we raised the money
activities












dhtml website navigation menu by vista-buttons.com v5.7



	 



welcome to mrgym.com!


   
	my goal is to 
	provide one of the most comprehensive elementary physical education and 
	secondary physical education resources available on the internet.  on 
	this site you will find a wide variety of elementary physical education 
	games, including cooperative games and activities, sports games, lead up 
	activities, and much more.  furthermore, you will find ideas on 
	elementary physical education assessment, field day ideas, cheap or free 
	physical education equipment, created and compiled by an elementary physical 
	education teacher with over two decades of experience.



kids forever fit!i've talked about it, now the 
	the non-profit is official!
 
 
	goals of kids forever fit



     reduce and prevent 
	obesity through legislative change, fitness and nutrition programs.           
	these goals will be accomplished through the following, already established 
	resources     
expand and 
	enhance the mrgym.com website     expand and enhance 
	the mrgym.com youtube channel     make the lyfe program available to 
	all schools at no charge     finalize an 
	assessment app that i created and get it to other educators (free)    
	
create morepe - 
          motivated 
obesity 
reduction 
	education & 
prevention 
endeavor 


 morepe

motivated
	obesity
	reduction,
	education 
	& prevention
	endeavor
the mission of morepe is to create a movement that will 
	make changes in legislation that will improve physical education, as well as 
	nutrition.                                           
	goals:
          
	build the  
morepe website          
	make changes in legislation concerning the amount of pe required in schools.          
	make changes in legislation concerning who can teach pe in schools.          
	make changes in legislation concerning nutrition, in schools and out.          
	create a hands on resource to train under qualified pe personnel.          
	
important links:

  
	
  
	
  
	
  




about mrgym.com

     mrgym.com 
	was is created by a physical education teacher, for other physical education 
	teachers, students, enthusiasts and anyone interested in the physical 
	fitness of today's youth..       why:  as 
	a young elementary physical education teacher, i found myself constantly 
	looking for new games, ideas, solutions to problems, etc.  back then, 
	there was no internet and personally, it was frustrating getting information 
	from sources that had little or no experience in an actual 
	classroom/gymnasium.  yes, there were great ideas, in theory, but as 
	you know, what looks good in a book or a classroom, may not always work well 
	when implemented into a classroom or gymnasium.  now i do not claim to 
	be the foremost expert on physical education, but i do have 28 years of 
	teaching experience.  that is 28 years of trial and error work in the 
	field, that with the introduction of the internet, i can share with other 
	physical educators.  mrgym.com is not just about me trying to share 
	what knowledge i have gained, but is about getting all physical 
	educators to share with each other, with the purpose of improving our 
	physical education programs.  therefore, it is my hope that through 
	this website, physical educators will have an opportunity to share, learn 
	and communicate with other professionals who are "in the trenches" and have 
	time tested ideas and theories that work.       when: mrgym.com 
	first hit the internet in january of 2004.  in 2005, mrgym.com has 
	quadrupled it's 2004 numbers in terms of visitors, hits, and pages viewed, 
	and have doubled the 2005 numbers in 2006.  furthermore, we broke the 1 
	million hit mark in late september of 2006.  in 2007 we had 2.4 million 
	hits by over 100,000 visitors, and as of may 2008, we have had 2.5 million 
	hits.        story 
	behind the name mrgym:  in my early years of 
	teaching, i taught several kindergarten classes for elementary physical 
	education.  one of these classes would greet me as mr. jim when they 
	entered the classroom.  i found this kind of strange, as my name is 
	doug.  anyway, this goes on for a short time before i approach their 
	teacher to find out why they are calling me jim.  upon talking to the 
	teacher, i discovered that the students were told they were going to gym 
	and since they had never had pe they assumed that gym (jim) was my name, so 
	they always greeted me as mr. jim (gym).  i thought this was a cool 
	name and it fits this site very well.     thank you 
	for taking the time to visit mrgym.com, i hope you enjoy our site!


 
 

 
	 
	 





