






shopify partners in marketing, web design, custom setup & development - shopify & clickbank online forums























































shopify partners in marketing, web design, custom setup & development


			shopify & clickbank online forums		





















 leave a comment

											updated on june 6, 2019									

understanding the strengths of shopify

shopify is one of the best content management system
(cms)        that can b used by people who
want to set up online businesses. the platform has features that can help you
conduct your business successfully and offer the best user experience. this
article will look at various aspects that make shopify the best option for an
online start up.
branding-in order to have an outstanding store, it must be different from others in the competition. just like a brick and mortar store, you need must have an online store that is distinguishable from others. to achieve this goal, shopify provides you with various themes, colours, templates, and content creating features. the templates provided are friendly and can be customized to meet your desires. you can also choose various colours and themes to modify them to meet your design needs.shopping cart-the shopping cart provided by shopify has various features that make it stand out. these features include inbuilt security and reliable and friendly payment system. in terms of security, the data of the client is protected from hackers and other crooked elements. the security level is so high and is equivalent to the one found in banks. the payment methods are friendly and designed to meet each client’s requirements. this ensures that each transaction runs smoothly with minimal interruptions. shopify provides almost 100 payment options and clients are free to choose what suits them. because people use different languages globally, shopify offers a translation service for languages that you don’t understand so that each client is accorded the attention and product that they require. additionally, shopify offers various recovery choices for an abandoned e-cart. you can offer a discount to an abandoned e-cart and send an email message to inform the concerned client about this good news.store administration features-management of your e-store is simple because you have useful information about each of your clients. this information assists you to organize your products as per clients needs. shopify provides you with a feature that will assist create client accounts and show them products that they are in need of.seo marketing tactics-marketing online requires the use of various tactics. one of the strategies that can be applied is the use of search engine optimization tactics. these strategies help your e-store to be visible online and have huge traffic. you can focus on seo strategies that can ensure high visibility which includes focusing on h1tags, title, and meta tags. shopify offers features that help you generate promo codes, gift cards, and discounts to your regular clients. trough these promotional strategies you increase not only the value of your brand but sales too.









 leave a comment

											posted on june 6, 2019									

what is shopify?














 leave a comment

											updated on april 28, 2022									

everything you need to know about buying art in auctions

as an art lover when you find yourself in a situation where you need to buy a certain piece of artwork then buying art in online auction is the best place to start. it usually involves buying a piece of artwork via bids where buyers will bid openly counter to each other with every following bid higher compared to the previous bid. the auctioneer will then pronounce the prices. after that, the bidders may choose to shout out their bids by themselves. alternatively, they may use a proxy to say a bid on behalf of the bidder. the bids may as well be submitted by electronic means where the highest bid publicly gets displayed.
this process, however, needs a buyer to be very exposed to it since it’s one of the most widespread and strategic ways to buy your desired artwork. below are some tips for a new or even a continuing buyer when buying art in auctions.
tips when buying art in auctions
1. decide on what you want this involves knowing the type of art piece you may want to buy. this is important since it will help you to set a budget so that you may not overspend when going to an auction.
2. when buying art in auctions you should always pick a piece drawn to and genuinely enjoy this is because buying art is a considerable investment. hence, you should view the available art through the lens of these considerations.
3. as an aspiring buyer you should watch the market this means that before the auction you should do your research, and once you know the type of artwork you want you should keep an eye on the market to see what painting you’re looking for and see how much it sells for.
4. also when buying the art you should move quickly this is because during the auction things move fast and so one should pay attention to keep up. when you want to buy a piece make sure you act swiftly during the auction so you don’t miss your chance.
 advantages of buying art in auctions 
1. it enables the buyer to get access to highly sought-after works.
2. buying art in auctions is much more straightforward in that the highest bidder gets the art item on sale.
3. it is more democratic and open to the public since participants bid openly against one another.
4. it is more reassuring than buying privately from a dealer this is because some bidding houses a warranty to the piece sold. the buyer can return the item in case it’s counterfeit or is attributed.
5. buying art in auctions can also lead to a buyer getting a discount and also getting to buy the item at a more affordable price.










 leave a comment

											updated on march 31, 2022									

all you need to know about types of hemp and rope uses ￼

hemp also, known as industrial hemp, is a botanical name for cannabis cultivars. it is specifically grown for medical and industrial use. there are three types of hemp plants: cannabis indica, ruderalis, and sativa l.
the only difference between these three species is the amount of active tetrahydrocannabinol present. many people don’t know how long types of hemp and rope uses have been in the market and how extensive their benefits are up to date.
hemp ropes’ rising popularity
hemp is now more common because, recently, many people have opted to protect our environment since it is eco-friendly. hemp materials are durable; therefore, people have realized that they would rather spend less money on hemp produces as they take care of the planet. rope from hemp uses are versatile, and they are used to make different items, unlike some other ropes made from synthetic and natural materials.
why is hemp rope better
though, other materials are used to make ropes. hemp ropes are more affordable. they are not eco-friendly and does typically provide many uses as hemp ropes do.
compared to other materials, hemp rope provides health and personal benefits. for instance, cotton is the primary material used in making ropes today. the components used to make the rope are not friendly to the environment because they are made with pesticides, chemicals, and synthetics.
benefits of  hemp rope
 jewelry
hemp is used for create natural and stylish-looking jewelry. many people love wearing and making them since types of hemp and rope uses seem fashionable. you can enhance by adding charms and beads to a piece of jewelry or necklace.
gardening
since hemp ropes are firm, they can withstand different weather conditions for many years. therefore hemp ropes are used to grasp plants firmly in the garden. also, hemp ropes play a significant role in keeping trellises together and creating other attractive designs.
packaging
hemp ropes are used to tie up presents and packages. by doing so, you enhance an artistic touch to the containers and gifts and also create an excellent eco-friendly report. furthermore, it is also used to decorate packages.
butcher’s twine
while cooking, chefs use cords and hemp ropes to tie foodstuff. generally, types of hemp and rope use do an excellent job in helping one around the kitchen. once you are done cooking, you can use hemp ropes to tie baked food in boxes.
in conclusion, if you’re working with types of hemp and rope uses, you are determined to use earth-friendly resources and preserve the environment. we believe you will love trying hemp rope.










 leave a comment

											updated on october 25, 2021									

buying women’s clothing online

in the current century, everything has become digital. all the new products in the market are advertised online and also purchases can be made online what you have to do is to send the specific size and color details that you need and the product is delivered. this applies also when buying women’s clothing online. below are the benefits of doing online purchases of women’s clothing. 
different options 
one of the benefits of buying women’s clothing online is one has numerous options to choose from. this is because many online sites are selling different clothing so it is upon you to select the one that you want and the quality and also the color that you need. after choosing your product then it is delivered to you or sent to the pickup station whichever way you may decide. 
pay on delivery 
most sellers nowadays have the pay-on-delivery option. this is after the buyer has confirmed that the product is what she needed. this may be a loss to the seller because the buyer may turn down the clothes maybe because of the quality or even a misunderstanding and this becomes a loss to the seller. most women tend to look for sellers with this option because you are guaranteed you will only pay for what fits you. 
time-saving 
buying women’s clothing online is time-saving because you do not have to travel to the physical shop to purchase what you want. instead, you just send your specifications of the clothes and it’s delivered to you. with this, you can save that time and do other work that you have. 
no crowding 
some women hate crowded places where you have to use energy so that you get what you want to buy. with the availability of online shops of clothes, it saves ladies the struggle and you just order at the convenience of your house. 
better prices 
when buying women’s clothing online, you get to deal with the seller one on one without having to pass through a second party. in this way, there is no added price by the second party what you get is the real prices of the clothes on sale. 
conclusion 
buying women’s clothing online also has its limitations, not just the benefits discussed above. the buyer should be very keen so that you do not land to fraudsters online. especially, on an occasion where you have to pay before delivery. none the less it saves a lot and has fewer expenses. 
click here for fall 2021 women’s fashions










 leave a comment

											updated on april 25, 2021									

pros and cons of experiential marketing in toronto

subject to the corona virus pandemic, many agencies have developed ways to market their products and organize telesales. these ways come about as a way of curbing the effect of the virus. people can now gather quickly on social media platforms and perform functions that could be done on a face to face means before the pandemic. the experiential marketing agency in toronto is a well-laid agency that realizes customer satisfaction regarding telesales and customer service. this article focuses on the pros and cons of experiential marketing and how it is of better assistance. 
the clarity of the advantages of experiential marketing is on the consumer side of things. 
1.it creates direct introductions 
the agency in toronto allows for digital initiatives that will enable you to target consumer habits. bringing your brand to people on a one-on-one basis increases your inability to show off who you are and what you are selling. besides, curiosity from users arises. the agency realizes better marketing ways that draw people in with natural and exciting methods. tech-loving consumerism is of high standards. 
2. it enhances memorability 
are you releasing a music demo, starting a baked goods company, or you just came up with a new vr technology? you are concerned with the taste, hold, feel, and even trial of your product by the raging numbers of consumers. the experiential company in toronto allows you to give your audience a sample of what you can offer and, as a result, increase their insatiability and craving for more. 
3. it starts an ongoing conversation 
while you are working with your sales in a mark-market point, consumers tend to arrive and leave at their pleasure after receiving satisfaction or dissatisfaction from your commodity. you will be required to start the conversation over and over again. you could be the incoming pro at an industry convention if you go viral online in a better manner and realize amazing things. the memorable moment you will create will stick on people’s minds for even weeks or months. your business will flourish. toronto experiential marketing agency is the place to be. 
besides the pros, limitations of the marketing agency that brings about essential reasons that you might want to evade from the agency include: 
1.it’s not always spot-on 
it is fun, exciting, and great if marketing goes right. sometimes the event you plan may not fit the setting. this act may happen if you advertise a game in a place of communication celebrities. targeting the audience is a crucial thing in marketing. to overcome this limitation, the agency does plan and research for you. 
2.is it original? 
originality is a crucial thing in your business advert. people tend to need something they have never come across in their entire lifetime. the advertising agency in toronto gives you marketing campaigns as inspiration, in case it works. once you get into a user’s head and understand their habitual consumerism acts, you can create a moment they won’t soon forget. 
3.it is hard to affirm roi 
some bosses are so trying. is yours among them? does he/she ask you about the number of customers you generated even when you have just executed an event? it’s hard to know the conversation attributes to your event. taking on an online tour of the event and using data collection methods such as interviewing and using google form questionnaires will help. this act is done for you by the toronto marketing agency to help you keep track of your event. 
 in conclusion, the above pros and cons aids in realizing that the experiential marketing agency in toronto is the right place to be. whenever you wish to make an advert, make telesales, or any back-office sales, make your visit to the agency, and your customers will enjoy your commodities without straining yourself  experiential marketing from paradigm . 










 leave a comment

											updated on may 13, 2021									

about sred/sr&ed

sred/sr&ed stands for scientific research and experimental development. this is a canadian government project that began in the 80s whose aim is to support corporates, people or partnerships that perform scientific research or experimental development. the tax incentive project is carried out by the canada revenue agency (cra) who insist that all claimants submit their documents 18 months after the active fiscal year. the percentage to be refunded depends on the taxable income. 
this article is aimed at enabling the reader understand more about the eligibility for sred/sr&ed. it is important to note that any company, whether small or big, can benefit from this as long as it carries out scientific and technological research and development.  
criteria for eligibility 
there are three criteria that will help you know whether you are eligible. they are: 
technological uncertainty – this means that a solution is not readily available for the problem you are required to solve, hence, it requires in depth investigation. if the solution is obvious, then you are not eligible as it is not an uncertainty. systematic investigation – the company must conduct a step by step investigation whose purpose is to solve the technological uncertainties. it is also important to record the steps involved. conducting spontaneous research instead of following a procedure is not considered appropriate. this will make you ineligible.  achieve technological advancement – after trying out different measures, a company may find a solution or not. failing to find a solution to a technological or scientific project will not disqualify your company.  you are still eligible as long as you can prove that after trying several systematic methods, the company failed to get a solution. 
eligibility questions 
it is vital to identify whether one is eligible before filing the claim. ask the following questions to identify whether you are eligible: 
while carrying out the project, did you experiment using different methods and were they recorded? are the products being developed by the business scientific or technological in any way? during the process, were you certain of your ability to achieve the mission or even ways to accomplish it? do you have proficiency in the scientific and technological field or was there assistance from a professional ? were there any experiments involved in the attainment of your mission? 
had your business learnt more about technology and science at the end of the project? 
conclusion 
before filing for sred/sr&ed, it is very important to understand what it involves. this is the reason why engaging the services of a professional is a good idea, especially if you do not understand much about it or it is the very first time to file a complaint. while filing the claim, ensure all costs are included. do not fail to include even the wages and this is why proper documentation is very important.  
the profitability of the company will be crucial in determining the amount to be paid. credits to be given will also be highly dependent on the amount of money the company has used for research and experimental development.  









 leave a comment

											posted on august 19, 2020									

attributes of a call center qa agent


without customers, it is impractical to survive as a business entity. because of this reason, you need to be responsive to all of your customers. although sometimes they can be abrasive or intolerable, hiring the right candidate or an agent in a call center is the “key”. the criteria used in an application process depend on organizational capability. continuously, applicants need to be screened thoroughly. the success derived by your entity will depend on the innate abilities of your agents. after hiring call center agents, they should be exposed to proper orientation and training methodologies of your business. some implicit attributes of an agent are expected call center outsourcing canada
 
detail-oriented and accurate
 
a customer, like an outsider, needs aid to understand an entity’s operations. a realistic agent should be equipped with massive information about the prospects and philosophy of your company. specifically, they should be able to discern the history of your company, vision, objectives, specialization of goods or services, senior officials and productivity. if agents face strife, because they are unable to deal with a customer, they should know the proper person they can consult. within a limited period of time, they should be able to use past information to answer a customer.
 
warm-hearted
 
sure enough, the positive goodwill in your company will be highly influenced by the image or reputation presented by your agents at the call center. once approached by a customer, they should keep an open-mind and a friendly smile. statistically, people with a beaming face are easy to attract and strike a conversation. customers are more inclined to judge your agent based on the positive or negative attitude shown. during a virtual conversation—by telephone, email, chart—agents should provide a sense of direction and concern for customers that are dissatisfied or disadvantaged.
 
amazing conversation skills
 
among multiple roles of a call center agent, communication is vital to understanding. both indigenous and exotic individuals need to be knowledgeable—about a certain language/jargon of experts or the organization. effective communication is inevitable between a customer and the agent. the person in charge should be able to listen or decode the message carefully and give appropriate feedback concerning various issues. limited time should be used while talking to avoid spending too much time on a single customer.
 
 
well-coordinated
 
if your organization has hundreds of tasks, it is essential to hire agents that are able to work under such daunting situations. at one point, an agent may be taking notes, listening and responding to calls, checking the knowledge base, and updating the crm—by doing two jobs at once. a highly intelligent and organized person will be perfect as a call center agent; errors should also be minimized. before a meeting begins, the agent should be there in time. other than that, your agent should be able to use any call center software.
 
when it comes to hiring or promoting various persons to be your agent, then you might consider such qualities highlighted below. over a period of time, the agent can be transformed from a lowly-graded individual to a highly-effective person with the right training facilities and creative environment.









 leave a comment

											posted on april 30, 2020									

importance of specializing with digital strategy in toronto


specializing in digital strategy is very important in our daily lives, especially in the marketing agency areas worldwide. through the use of the digital strategy, people are able to get bulk information which they might be in need of. in the marketing areas, people are able to market their products and services which they are offering to their customers and also be able to socialize with their customers easily. unlike in the past, everything is highly digitalized and every customer can easily get satisfied even without physical interaction with the product owner. through specializing in digital strategy, customers are able to get much knowledge concerning the online payments, whereby they are only required to get the information about the amount payable to the dealers and from there they can easily pay for the products which they need and get delivery according to the agreement made before or during the period in which the payment was made. in the recent digital lives, individuals are able to come up with more improved or new creative designs in which they can sell to the ideal customers and make huge profits therefrom. people dealing with the creative designs are able to identify a certain need which customers’ needs to be handled and therefrom use their digital strategies to develop the designs which are highly digitalized and meant to meet all the tailored needs of the customers. the following are the importance of specializing with digital strategy in toronto; 
branding of your business- many business people can be able to brand their businesses to a lot of customers especially through the social media marketing agency toronto many people in the recent world are using so many social media platform, in which they can market their own creative designs and lead to many customers having an access to those products. through branding your business, it will be known by many people who may turn out to be potential customers. having high knowledge in specializing with the digital strategies, your business branding will always be rated among the best businesses which are being advertised online. through gaining popularity, you will be able to attract a lot of customers over a very short period of time. as a result, you will be able to achieve your goals which you initially had at a faster rate, 
increased profit margins- after branding your products and making it available in all the search engines will lead to a lot of sales which will easily increase your profit margins. as a dealer, you should be able to help the customers to gain trust and confidence in you, so that they can be able to purchase your products easily. the more popularity you gain from the search engines, the more customers you will be able to attract, hence leading to increased sales and profit margins. 
quick interaction which bulk customer- when your form of marketing is based on the social media and other online platforms, you will be able to interact with a lot of customers within a very short period of time because you will only be required to submit your feedback through online. 









 leave a comment

											posted on march 24, 2020									

challenges faced by digital marketing agencies


with the increased development of technology and the growth of social media platforms, digital marketing agencies are slowly taking over marketing roles from different companies. the growth of these agencies has been rapid but not without facing challenges along the way.
business growth and expansionthe growth and expansion of a business is always a challenge, especially when it is a people-centered business like a marketing agency. the growth of such business demands the consistent provision of services as it recruits new employees and builds new development teams. since digital marketing is a skill-based industry, the people delivering the services must be well equipped with the necessary skills and knowledge failure to which clients will receive poor services. as the digital agency expands, the right systems must be put in place to ensure the seamless provision of their services. the agency is also required to develop a culture that brings out the best of their employees.
acquiring new customersfor every business to progress, they need new customers. digital marketing agencies are no exception. cutting a niche in the competitive market is a tedious process. with big agencies setting the bar high, an agency owner needs to identify their strengths and work around them in order to attract new customers.
adapting to technological changeswith the evolving technology and social media platforms, digital marketing agencies are required to update their systems and acquire new tools and skills in order to remain competitive.  the process of acquiring new technology and skills is quite expensive and may prove a challenge to most digital marketing agencies.
managing client relationshipsacquiring new customers is important for the progress of digital marketing agencies. however, maintaining existing customers is more important. even with the best services, poor client relationships may lead to loss of clients. 
clients interact with your agency at different points such as ppc, seo, and account manager. it is important to schedule frequent calls to your clients so as to know how they feel about the services they are receiving from your digital marketing agency. it is good to be open with your clients about the services offered by your agency and also the time required to achieve the required results. this helps the client set a realistic deadline and also creates trust between the agency and the client.
finding and keeping the best talentfor a digital marketing agency to run successfully, it is a must they acquire the best talent in the market. the cost of acquiring such talent is high, given the stiff competition in the market.  with the best talent already taken by competing agencies, convincing them to join your agency is not easy.  the best way to leverage yourself is by hiring freelancers as well as providing an in-house training program to help new employees sharpen their skills hence developing a pool of human resources for your agency.
conclusionsetting up a digital marketing agency is not an easy task. with the evolving market and stiff competition, it is advisable you develop creative and innovative ways to attract and keep clients. in order to stay ahead in the industry, acquire the best technology, and also come up with a conducive environment that will attract as well as keep employees. also, develop a continuous training program to ensure your employees have the best and latest skills in the market.
find best digital marketing agency:- https://www.myleftfoot.biz/









 leave a comment

											posted on february 25, 2020									

chef courses for cooking enthusiasts


if you are a cooking enthusiast, then you understand the appreciation that comes with investing in chef courses team building by palate sensations become skilled in making cuisines such as italian, indian, and asian are just divine. 
critical information 
as a cooking enthusiast, you don’t necessarily need to enroll for chef courses in a recognized institution that offers certification, degree, and association programs. you can enroll for classes in a recognized organization in the industry. most community colleges offer classes to aspiring chefs and enthusiasts too.  
you will need to invest in some of your cooking equipment, but the institutions usually provide basic, if not all, the necessary equipment. so what you might end up needing to buy are spatulas, chef’s jacket, rolling pins, peelers, and such tools. some of the most common chef courses include meats and fish cookery, noodles preparation, wine pairings, dumplings, and curries. 
india cuisine course 
this is an introductory class, and students are taught how to explore with a variety of spices to cook gourmet dishes. you would expect to learn how to cook indian dishes such as pulao, puri, chole, chicken curry, aalo gobi, among others. some institutions also cover ingredients use and nutritional value. 
italian course 
italian dishes are classic in many parts of the world. in this course, students master the art of making various classic italian dishes, how to explore the various recipes to create dishes from scratch from appetizers to desserts and main dishes. 
flavorful asian course 
there are very many cuisines and culinary traditions from asia, so this course focuses on a broad approach to preparing asian dishes from all parts of the world. students are taught how to make authentic dishes, using ingredients and techniques that are signatures in asia. these vary from peanut sauces to ginger, curries, water chestnuts, and all types of signature meats. 
cheese course 
there are many different types of cheese, and they are all used to realize unique culinary experiences. in this course, students are familiarized with the different types of cheeses available from the hard, semi-soft, rind-ripened, and fresh cheeses. next, they are taught how to prepare homemade cheeses before learning how to use these cheeses for preparing various types of dishes.  
spices courses 
spices, whether natural or artificial, are a significant part of cooking. in this course, students are first familiarized with the various types of spices generally used in cooking different types of dishes. they learn how to use and prepare them to get the most flavor that will enhance the food’s taste. they learn how to differentiate the various spices by color, smell, take, appearance, and even texture.   
still, considering taking some chef courses as a cooking enthusiast? then you need to look no further. we have many courses available for you, whether you have experience and educational background in the culinary arts or not. talk to us today and let us help you move your cooking skills to the next level. 









 leave a comment

											updated on august 2, 2019									

achieving breakthrough in youtube marketing strategy

online marketing strategy or any successful network has been made possible by youtube marketing.  youtube is ranked the third most visited website in world after google and facebook according to alexa data analytics.  it is known that youtube is owned by google which happens to be the most important search engine in the world.  alexa report also reports that a visitor spends an average of 24.o2 minutes per day either on youtube or on searching site. a significant breakthrough has been experienced by many network marketers in their business by using on youtube.
the following points explain the ways of making this possible.

why you should use youtube:  it has been noted that videos rank higher on google search.  many leaders have adopted the use of youtube in their bid to communicate with their subscribers. network marketing also has gained its success by largely building relationships especially when their prospects see or hear their voice which builds an instant both between them. youtube marketing is underutilized and what people don?t realize is that is simple to upload a video that create an article. it can take you up to two hours creating an article but only five minutes uploading a video.
you need a mindset to make a breakthrough in youtube marketing:  the masters of video marketing and youtube revealed that their breakthrough in network marketing and mlm

was achieved after adding youtube marketing strategy in their blogging platforms.  we should break free from fear and barriers of using video marketing, fear of ridicule, criticism, mean comments and our physical appearance.
the key to implement a youtube video marketing strategy:  to optimize your video in your title or description and find what people are looking for, make use of keyword research. direct your prospect customers to capture your page, use social back linking to increase ranking on both youtube and google. get comfortable, exited and confident if making the video yourself till you become comfortable. your video must have an introduction, should have a location and a purpose. provide a content and the call to action and in this way you will direct them to the purpose of your shopify marketing expert marketing video.
best kinds of youtube videos: videos can be made from anything but the best topics for the purpose of business include strategies, books, products, leader reviews, and marketing mindsets. for value and personal based, it includes training or webinars provide hot and fresh content ideas.

if you wish to experience a breakthrough in your network or online marketing business, you can create a video and post it on our channel. this will kick start your journey to youtube and video marketing strategy in order to succeed.





posts pagination
1
2
next page »






















copyright © 2025 · all rights reserved · shopify partners in marketing, web design, custom setup & development
swell lite from organic themes · rss feed























