



jump$tart




















































                                home
                            






about us




for providers





see national standards











        jump$tart clearinghouse is a database of
        curated financial education resources.












resources
45




 education and curricula





                                                                    comprehensive curricula and learning systems
                                                                






                                                                    lessons/lesson plans and activities
                                                                






                                                                    single-topic curricula
                                                                






                                                                    presentations/performances
                                                                






                                                                    textbooks
                                                                






                                                                    storybooks
                                                                






                                                                    workbooks
                                                                






                                                                    games and simulations
                                                                






                                                                    videos/audio
                                                                






                                                                    student competitions
                                                                






                                                                    student certifications
                                                                






                                                                    resource collections/aggregates
                                                                






                                                                    assessments/quizzes
                                                                






                                                                    learning apps
                                                                






                                                                    graphics
                                                                





 information





                                                                    articles/brochures/booklets
                                                                






                                                                    non-fiction/self-help
                                                                





 professional development





                                                                    training/learning events
                                                                






                                                                    self-study resources
                                                                






                                                                    educator certifications
                                                                





 financial learning tools





                                                                    piggy banks/savings systems
                                                                






                                                                    calculators
                                                                





 research and advocacy





                                                                    advocacy tools
                                                                






                                                                    on financial literacy/well being
                                                                






                                                                    on effectiveness of financial education
                                                                






                                                                    product-specific impact and evaluation
                                                                






                                                                    survey results
                                                                






                                                                    literature review/systematic review/meta analyses
                                                                






                                                                    white papers
                                                                














formats
3







                                                    digital/printable/downloadable
                                                






                                                    in-person instruction/activity
                                                






                                                    online learning/interactive
                                                






                                                    physical product
                                                








find resources








audience
early elementary
elementary grades
middle grades
high school
college/postsecondary
adult






price range





$


 - 

$








language
chinese
english
french
not applicable
other
spanish




special needs
deaf and hard of hearing
learning special needs
visual special needs





desc


new and updated
past 30 days
past 60 days
past 90 days



















                    comprehensive programs
                    
complete course covering all six standards areas.









                    new for teachers
                    
tools for teachers to use in the classroom.









                    new for families
                    
easy to use resources for learning at home.









                    research and advocacy
                    
making the case for financial education.









                featured partner resources
                






                            
                            find your chapter
                        


                        find your chapter is an interactive map of fpa chapters that host financial literacy workshops for consumers to learn about financial planning, budgeting, investing, retirement planning, and more. th…
                    







                popular resources
                







                                checking unit plan for teachers
                                next gen personal finance (ngpf)







                                financial foundations - spending, level 2 - cours…
                                financial beginnings







                                planet zeee and the money tree
                                ally financial 










                free resources
                







                                financial literacy 101: what every college studen…
                                studycorgi







                                financial literacy courses & programs
                                moneyling







                                centsable's personal finance lessons
                                centsable: personal finance for teens



















                about us
            

                the jump$tart clearinghouse is the nation’s premier searchable database 
                of curated financial education resources from hundreds of reputable 
                providers.  the clearinghouse lists only those resources that meet our
                
                    listing criteria 
                
                and align with the national standards for personal 
                financial education. resources listed in the clearinghouse must be 
                educational or informational only, and may not be used to sell or promote 
                financial products and services. 
            

                the jump$tart coalition for personal financial literacy is a 501(c)(3) 
                nonprofit coalition of more than 100 national partners and a network of 
                independent state affiliates, headquartered in washington, dc.  
                jump$tart is the original promoter of april as national financial 
                literacy month, co-publisher of the national standards for personal 
                financial education, co-coordinator of financial literacy day on 
                capitol hill, and leader of the check your school public-engagement 
                campaign.  we support teachers through our j$ffe online learning program 
                and annual national educator conference.  learn more about the coalition 
                at jumpstart.org.
            



see national standards











                ask the jump$tart team
            

                have a question about the clearinghouse? the jump$tart team is happy to take your questions.
            


                    email us now
                









                check your school
            

                jump$tart is on a mission to get effective financial education 
                into every elementary, middle, and high school across the country. 
                to achieve this, our check your school campaign is harnessing the 
                power of parents – and others – to ask for financial education 
                programs at their own kids’ schools.  learn more about the campaign 
                and how you can help, here.
            


                    check your school
                







        how you can help
    


            as a nonprofit, non-governmental organization, the jump$tart coalition relies on generous support from individuals and organizations that share our commitment to "financial smarts for students." your contribution helps us keep the jump$tart clearinghouse and other resources free for all users.
        



            donate today
        
















                        jump$tart coalition for personal financial literacy
                    


                            contact the national jump$tart coalition
                            



                        contact information for state coalitions is available on their respective websites.
                        

                        go to the admin.
                    





submit resources
submit your financial education resource for listing or update an existing listing, review the listing criteria for guidance, or send us your questions if you need more help. thank you for your interest in the jump$tart clearinghouse.


go to provider portal







                    thank you to jump$tart sustaining partner, the 
                    national endowment for financial education,
                    for sponsorship of the 2023 clearinghouse redesign.
                

                    copyright © 1997-2025 the jump$tart coalition for personal financial literacy | 
                    all rights reserved















