





martial arts insurance | markel











































log in to markel






                                        customer
                                    






                                        us broker agent
                                    










                                                            us customer login
                                                        

                                                            log in to make a payment, view policy documents, download proof of insurance, change your communication and billing preferences, and more.
                                                        
log in
                                                        












                                                            mportal
                                                        

                                                            log in to access admitted lines for workers compensation, business owners, miscellaneous errors and omissions, accident medical, general liability, commercial property, farm property, and equine mortality.
                                                        
log in to mportal
                                                        

register for access to mportal
                                                        



                                                            markel online
                                                        

                                                            log in to access non-admitted lines for contract binding property & casualty, excess, and commercial pollution liability.
                                                        
log in to markel online
                                                        

register for access to markel online
                                                        



                                                            magic personal lines portal
                                                        

                                                            log in to access personal lines products including marine, specialty personal property, powersports, bicycle, and event insurance.
                                                        
log in to magic
                                                        

register a new magic user for an already authorized agent
                                                        



                                                            markel surety
                                                        

                                                            log in to access markel's surety products.
                                                        
log in to surety agent portal
                                                        

get appointed
                                                        
























the following text field filters the results that follow as you type.







suggested


load more














            skip to main content
        







menu










search








close menu







us and bermuda offerings 










                                                back to sports and fitness
                                            








                                                    cheer gym
                                                










                                                    dance
                                                










                                                    gymnastics
                                                










                                                    health clubs
                                                










                                                    martial arts
                                                







                                                    personal trainer
                                                












international offerings











global reinsurance











nephila











state national











claims











insights and resources











about us


















quick links:

claims
careers
investors
news and press







contact





search





login





quick links:


claims


careers


investors


news and press













us and bermuda offerings


industries


sports and fitness


martial arts





martial arts 


















your one-stop martial arts insurance headquarters. 
get a free, no-obligation quote today.
get a quote   i am an agent 
retrieve a saved quote



 






a customizable martial arts insurance plan can help you protect your business.
we aim to provide the right kind of policy that fits the needs of your martial arts school. with over 40 years of experience, markel also provides installment payment plans to make your insurance even more affordable, proactive safety resources to help you minimize accidents and extensive experience handling very sensitive youth-related claims. 






why is insurance for martial arts schools important?
a martial arts school is a unique business. that’s why you need affordable martial arts insurance.  running a martial arts school is not an easy business. that’s why it takes a special person like you to do it. not only do you need to make a profit, but you have to keep the safety and well-being of your students at the forefront of every minute.















what we offer

markel offers liability and property coverage for martial arts schools that teach the following disciplines (depending on curriculum): 





aikido
cardio kickboxing
capoeira
goju-ryu
hapkido
jeet kune do




judo
karate
kempo
kendo
kenpo
kung fu



shito-ryu
shotokan
tai chi
tae kwon do
tang soo do
wado-ryu
 


our coverages can include: 







general liability
accident medical (required)
professional liability
property
other optional coverages






commercial general liability insurance can provide coverage if you are sued by someone who claims that you caused their physical injury or damaged their property.
optional liability coverages you can add to your policy: 

abuse and molestation 
competitions and exhibitions – protection for you when you participate in competitions and tournaments that you do not sponsor
employment practices liability insurance
off-premises activities
blanket additional insured’s included at no cost–used for landlords for locations on the policy, recitals, performances and demonstrations.







accident medical insurance can cover students’ medical bills if they are injured at your school or during activities you sponsor and have no insurance of their own, or their bills exceed what their own insurance pays.
learn more







if a member is injured while an employee is supervising the member and the employee is sued for negligence, professional liability coverage will take effect. 






buildings 
insurance coverage for your building whether you own or rent.
business personal property 
insurance protection for the content and equipment in your martial arts studio.
business income
if your school is temporarily closed due to a covered loss, this insurance can cover your lost income and continuing expenses.
systems breakdown
insurance coverage when any mechanical, electrical or pressure system breaks down in your covered facility.






camps and clinics
if you run a camp or clinic, you may want to consider purchasing this special liability coverage. 
crime
insurance protection if your employee steals money, securities or other property.
inland marine
property coverage for items specifically listed on the policy (also referred to as scheduled property) that may be taken off-premises. 
excess liability
excess liability insurance provides additional insurance protection that takes effect after you’ve gone above the limits of your general liability insurance.








additional information 


american black belt academy
offers training for kids and adults in tae kwon do, hapkido and brazilian style ju jitsu.
black belt magazine
self-defense magazine and is dedicated to both the classical and the modern eclectic martial arts.
u.s. martial arts association
a non-profit organization dedicated to unifying american martial arts in spirit by offering services and guidance to all martial artists.
tang soo do
one of the most comprehensive and most often used resources currently available on the internet for tang soo do practitioners.














protecting your business is our business.
get a free, no-obligation quote today.
get a quote   i am an agent 
retrieve a saved quote







 






additional resources



 

related articles 



from helpful tips to coverage options, find the information, advice, and resources you need all in one place.





                explore resources
                




 

value-added services 



background checks, training materials and education available at negotiated rates.





                see all services
                




 

risk solution services 



we guide you through the maze of risks with customized solutions designed specifically for your needs.





                learn more
                




 






explore related industries









personal trainers



affordable liability protection for a variety of personal trainers and fitness instructors.





                            learn more
                            













gymnastics



no matter the size of your gymnastics club, we offer insurance protection options.





                            learn more
                            













health clubs



insurance protection designed to help meet the needs of your fitness club, studio, or gym.





                            learn more
                            







 
















                insurance offerings
            





us and bermuda offerings






international offerings






global reinsurance






nephila
external link







state national
external link









                about us
            





careers






news and press






financial strength








                contact us
            





report a claim






our locations






search and apply for jobs




























x



linkedin



instagram



facebook










privacy policy


legal notices and terms of use


cookie statement


state emergency orders


our insurance companies


modern slavery statement


suppliers


accessibility statement


unclaimed property


north america producer compensation disclosure


international disclosures


international customer complaints


fraud warnings




                            © markel group inc. all rights reserved 2025
                        














