





darla shine – a modern twist on the traditional family












































home
about
media
podcasts
nav social menuemailtwitter
darla shinei wrote happy housewives in 2005. i had young children and i was struggling after i left my career to be a stay at home mom. looking back it was the best decision of my life. now my kids are adults off in college and graduate school. the one thing i know for sure, i wish i could do it all again. i miss having babies. i miss the kids coming home after school. i miss making them dinner. i miss the chaos of having kids in the house.

being a sahm was the best gift of my life. while i had a fun but short career in television, i felt fulfilled because i was making six figures by age 28 in manhattan working for a national cable network and i already earned the title of senior producer. trading my briefcase for a diaper bag was tough but it was the decision i always knew i would make. i always knew i wanted to raise my babies. i was lucky to be married to a man who could provide that for me.

i was raised in a traditional, household. the men brought in the bacon and the women cooked it up. i  ... read more about  about
where to find darla…
you can find me on twitter here: twitter.com/darlashine…
or, you can email me: darla@darlashine.com


  the book 


 



 darla on the radio


 
listen right from your computer to past radio shows and podcasts.
listen now


this is what people are saying...




fearless, feminine, and forward

motivational, real, and transparent. darla shine tells it like she sees it and is a fearless, bad ass who speaks the truth. i highly recommend this book, if you want to be the best for your family, and need a new spark in your heart. ~ amazon customer


darla shine
 2020-02-13t16:52:30+00:00    motivational, real, and transparent. darla shine tells it like she sees it and is a fearless, bad ass who speaks the truth. i highly recommend this book, if you want to be the best for your family, and need a new spark in your heart. ~ amazon customer	   https://darlashine.com/testimonials/fearless-feminine-and-forward/ 



a relevant gem in our world!

this book is exactly what we housewives need to hear in 2018! spooky relevant in today's world. she is a no nonsense truth bomb mom and i love the shoulder shake she gives me to get my butt in gear & do what it takes to raise quality adults, run a household and nurture a marriage. i think this book should be required reading for new wives! ~jessica reynolds


darla shine
 2020-02-04t14:47:26+00:00    this book is exactly what we housewives need to hear in 2018! spooky relevant in today's world. she is a no nonsense truth bomb mom and i love the shoulder shake she gives me to get my butt in gear & do what it takes to raise quality adults, run a household and nurture a marriage. i think this book should be required reading for new wives! ~jessica reynolds	   https://darlashine.com/testimonials/a-relevant-gem-in-our-world/ 



loved it!

loved it, and darla really speaks for me and my mom friends--thank you darla for being a voice in the wilderness to all of us out here!! ~lsg


darla shine
 2020-02-04t14:47:51+00:00    loved it, and darla really speaks for me and my mom friends--thank you darla for being a voice in the wilderness to all of us out here!! ~lsg	   https://darlashine.com/testimonials/loved-it/ 



shine on… darla shine!

for women who are weary of trying to do it all and don't want to surrender to the drudgery mindset. you don't have to!

very simple recipes that are kid friendly,easy to follow prepare and palatable.

a charming book with great tips. ~grace g


darla shine
 2020-02-04t14:48:24+00:00    for women who are weary of trying to do it all and don't want to surrender to the drudgery mindset. you don't have to! very simple recipes that are kid friendly,easy to follow prepare and palatable. a charming book with great tips. ~grace g	   https://darlashine.com/testimonials/shine-on-darla-shine/ 



shine on, darla shine!

for women who are weary of trying to do it all and don’t want to surrender to the drudgery mindset. you don’t have to! very simple recipes that are kid friendly,easy to follow prepare and palatable. a charming book with great tips. ~grace g


darla shine
 2020-02-13t16:51:09+00:00    for women who are weary of trying to do it all and don’t want to surrender to the drudgery mindset. you don’t have to! very simple recipes that are kid friendly,easy to follow prepare and palatable. a charming book with great tips. ~grace g	   https://darlashine.com/testimonials/shine-on-darla-shine-2/ 



0
darla shine




copyright © 2025 · darla shine · all rights reserved









