






 



dr. yasmin davidds leadership institute | women's global programs















































































  








        applications now being accepted for 2020 cohort! 
        apply now


skip to content



home aboutour history  dr. yasmin davidds programs top leftour teampartners  testimonials fellows foundation gala 2024 contact top right


dr. yasmin institute
mission-driven women’s leadership institute preparing women to succeed.


university partners:






 
home about dr. yasmin davidds programs our team testimonials fellows foundation gala 2024 contact 













about the institutedr. yasmin davidds leadership institute is a mission-driven women's leadership institute preparing innovative women professionals and entrepreneurs to emerge, succeed, and support each other.learn more



our mission




the dr. yasmin davidds leadership institute is a multi-ethnic, anti-racist organization whose mission is to mobilize the transformation of women leaders as influential change agents, inspiring and strengthening alignment between their organization’s business initiatives and social responsibility participation.














about the institutedr. yasmin davidds leadership institute is a mission-driven women's leadership institute preparing innovated women professionals and entrepreneurs to emerge, succeed, and support each other globally..learn more
































our mission




the dr. yasmin davidds leadership institute is a multi-ethnic, anti-racist organization whose mission is to mobilize the transformation of women leaders globally as influential change agents, inspiring and strengthening alignment between organization’s business initiatives and social responsibility participation..






engaging virtual learning
participants enrolled in the leadership program derive substantial advantages from a meticulously crafted learning experience tailored to the virtual learning environment. this program facilitates their engagement through real-time synchronous sessions, fostering direct interaction with our esteemed faculty and dr. davidds. such engagement enables participants to clean insights from their expertise, acquire actionable insights, and promote personal and professional development.










executive leadership program for multicultural women










multicultural entrepreneur program





our history






founded in 2013, the dr. yasmin davidds leadership institute is the culmination of 20 years of dr. davidds’ life’s work and the evolution of the latina executive leadership institute.


learn more














dr. yasmin davidds






dr. yasmin davidds is an innovative visionary who empowers and mobilizes communities to take action and improve the quality of life for themselves and those they love.


learn more


foundation






the multicultural women executive leadership foundation is a non-profit organization that offers and supports leadership and entrepreneurship training and development to empower multicultural women and young girls.


learn more














gala






our graduation gala is held to celebrate the exceptional leaders graduating from our programs and to express our gratitude to our partners and sponsors.


learn more





















generalhome
about the institute
dr. yasmin davidds
gala
terms and conditions and privacy policy
contact
who we areour history
dr. yasmin davidds
foundation
faculty & leadership
fellows
partners
programsexecutive leadership program for multicultural women
entrepreneur program for multicultural women x
 








					© 2019 dr. yasmin davidds leadership institute
                

facebooklinkedininstagramx








go to top




































































