
























century college




































skip to main content










 

2025 spring & summer semester registration is open to all students. search courses >



















more




about


students


search courses


transfer


directory





search

searchx




                  search form
                

search 












login

loginx


mycentury


e-mail


d2l brightspace


eservices












academics







programs & degrees


course catalogs & course outlines


course search


learning opportunities


online learning


library


graduation


outstanding students


dean’s list














 
                                        




                                    at century college, you can choose from a variety of career and technical programs leading directly to employment as well as courses designed to transfer to four-year colleges and universities. you will learn from expert instructors with access to innovative learning opportunities and state-of-the-art facilities.
                                  











admissions







apply now


international student


high school options


next steps


housing information


non-discrimination statement














 
                                        




                                    the admissions office will work with you to “discover what’s next!” learn about the steps to complete the admissions process and register for courses. do you have questions about century college? attend a discover century information session, schedule a campus visit, chat online, email or call one of our friendly admissions advisors.
                                  











cost & financial aid







tuition rates & fees


financial aid


scholarships


tuition payment


refund policies


helpful videos


z-degrees














 
                                        




                                    with affordable tuition rates, century college can save you thousands on your education. learn about our tuition rates and fees, and discover options to pay for college, including financial aid, scholarships and payment plans. college can be affordable!
                                  











giving







give today!


foundation


alumni






















                                    each year, nearly 1,000 students apply for a century college foundation scholarship. while we awarded over 200 scholarships last year, many students are left empty-handed. with your support, we can ensure more students have the help they need to succeed.
                                  











continuing education







program areas


registration & faqs


locations


cect staff


contact cect


information for instructors














 
                                        




                                    the continuing education and customized training department can help you to get ahead in your career by offering a variety of non-credit workforce training and development opportunities. through customized training options, century college can work directly with employers to meet the training needs of employees.
                                  











campus life







student life


lgbtq center


athletics


fine & performing arts


food options


report a concern


student health clinic


bookstore














 
                                        




                                    century college offers a variety of campus life opportunities to connect with others, gain leadership experience, be involved and have fun. students can participate or cheer on the century college wood ducks athletic programs, become active members and leaders on campus or take advantage of campus recreational activities and art and theatre experiences.
                                  











support services







advising & counseling


academic support


access center / disability services


career services


student technology resources


transfer student information


resource and support center/basic needs


veterans services


international student services














 
                                        




                                    century college is committed to the success of each student. this commitment to student success and persistence is demonstrated by the numerous student services and support available in and out of the classroom, including academic resources, assistive services, student wellness options and planning support.
                                  














more





about


students


search courses


transfer


directory














century college





























                                      make the most of your summer!
                                    






                                        century college offers various affordable online and hybrid summer classes to help you get ahead, stay on track, or accelerate your degree! summer semester begins may 27, session ii june 9, and session iii july 7.


register now! > 
























                                      there’s still time to enroll for spring semester!
                                    






                                        why wait until next semester to start your education? century college offers additional start dates for the spring semester – session iii begins march 17, 2025.

apply now! >






















                                      college is affordable at century college!
                                    






exciting news! it’s a great time to enroll at century college! our tuition rates will be frozen at century college through spring 2025! a century college education is a great investment in your future. with low tuition rates and financial aid options, century college students can earn their degrees while avoiding student loan debt.
                                      

apply for financial aid now >






















                                      are you eligible for free college tuition?
                                    






                                        starting fall 2024, the north star promise (nsp) scholarship program will provide eligible minnesota residents a tuition-free path to a college education.
                                      

north star promise scholarship program >






















                                      training for careers!
                                    






                                        enhance your job skills, advance your career, or start a new career through credit and non-credit short-term certificate programs. programs include welding, solar, kitchen & bath, manufacturing, public safety, business, health & human services, computers & technology, and more.
                                      

register for short-term credit certificates >


register for non-credit continuing education certificates >






















                                      get started in a high-demand career!
                                    






                                        choose from over 40 affordable, high-demand career and technical programs that lead directly to employment, further education, or enhance your job skills!
                                      

register now >






















                                      save thousands! earn an associate degree and transfer.
                                    






                                        century college offers transferable general education options along with affordable tuition rates, which will save you thousands on your bachelor’s degree.
                                      

register now >






















                                      4-year university students: take summer courses at century college!
                                    






                                        stay on track or accelerate your bachelor’s degree while saving money on your education by taking a summer course at century college! we offer an array of online and hybrid/blended classes. classes start may 27, session ii begins june 9, and session iii july 7, 2025.
                                      

register now >







`
                      


















														 request information




														 visit campus




														 apply today






discover what's next!










century college is a two-year community and technical college located in white bear lake, minnesota. as one of minnesota’s largest, most diverse, and most affordable colleges, we serve nearly 18,000 credit and non-credit students each year.
century college offers over 169 degrees, diplomas, and certificates in a wide variety of high-demand program areas, including applied design, arts and humanities, business, health sciences, human services, science, technology, engineering and mathematics (stem), social and behavioral sciences, trade and industry, and non-credit workforce training.
dedicated to student success, century college graduates more than 1,700 students each year, awarding over 2,100 degrees, diplomas, and certificates.
discover what’s next! ›









 












news and events






campus


student


news







view all







view all




31jan          meet century college student helen castillo-delgado                  like many young students, helen castillo-delgado began her college journey when she was 21, but soon realized she wasn’t quite prepared.     a decade later, she returned to century college with a newfound maturity and eagerness to learn. she is highly disciplined, training daily (she is a registered boxer), and serving in various ways in her faith community.        27jan          two schools offer minnesota’s only degrees in the growing field of orthotics and prosthetics                  century college and concordia university, st. paul, team up on the program, helping staff a growing field as the population ages.   by erin adler        24jan          meet century college student bianca de alvernaz fonseca                  bianca de alvernaz fonseca epitomizes the essence of a risk-taker, emphasizing the crucial importance of adopting a “why not” mindset. hailing from brazil, bianca always dreamed of experiencing life beyond her native borders, which led her to minnesota, where she signed up to work as an au pair for a local family.        26dec          meet century college student eh tha soe                  century college student eh tha soe has always been caring and kindhearted. as the eldest sibling in her family, she takes great joy in serving and assisting others and has significant experience in translating and interpreting for her parents. (she is fluent in english, can read and write in the karen language, and is learning the burmese language.)        23dec          meet century college student pan kou hang                  pan kou hang has always been interested in the healthcare field. initially, she enrolled in nursing at a four-year institution, but faced several challenges; consequently, she explored other majors. additionally, she has always been passionate about working with children, leading her to a job in a childcare center. she earned her b.a. degree in child development from concordia college.        view all


























                      request for information
                    
 










explore our academic pathwaysview allbusiness pathway applied design pathway industry pathway science, technology, engineering & mathematics pathway human services pathway arts & humanities pathway health sciences pathway social & behavioral sciences pathway 













century college
discover what's next!


apply today
























 



information


directory


employment


hours, maps & parking


public safety on campus


search courses


site map


today's events




resources


bookstore


student technology resources


library


transfer


alumni


title ix


community resources


editor login




news center


calendar


news


_______________


suggestion box


stay connected






				  
					
























contact



						3300 century ave n
						white bear lake, mn 55110
					

						651-444-2000
						800-228-1978
					
@century_college@centurycollege@centurycollegeminnstate@centurycollege










century college
a member of the minnesota state system and is an equal opportunity employer and educator
© 2025 century college. all rights reserved. | privacy policy | non-discrimination statement


















