



oakhill used auto parts | petersburg, va








 
 
 
 









oakhillauto@earthlink.net



                        m-f 8am- 5pm | sat 8am - 3pm et
                    









search 


search inventory
 search by image

multi-part search

buscar autopartes


sell your vehicle
ebay store
contact us








the high quality auto parts you need
proudly providing petersburg and the surrounding areas with high quality new, used, aftermarket and recycled auto parts for over 30 years.
find the parts you need today quickly and easily by searching our convenient online inventory. if you can't find the parts you need, simply give us a call and we'll be happy to help locate what you're looking for.
search now







welcome to oak hill auto parts
we carry the highest quality new, used, aftermarket and recycled auto parts for all make and model vehicles
as a family owned and operated business for over 30 years, we know just how important it is to keep our prices low for our loyal customers. that's why we only sell the highest quality auto parts at the most reasonable rates around.
our diverse inventory is constantly updated and has parts for all make and model vehicles from the 1980's through today. we carry engines, transmissions, front ends, electrical components, wheels, tires, body parts and more!


 large selection
 great prices


 comprehensive care
 parts shipping





the best auto parts in town. guaranteed.







large inventory
our selection is updated daily and has parts for all makes and models.



great warranties
we back our high quality parts with a comprehensive 90-day warranty.



parts shipping
we conveniently ship parts direct to our customers using a variety of methods.







find the high quality auto parts you need today!
find parts







full service auto salvage facility providing high quality new, used, aftermarket and recycled auto parts to petersburg and the surrounding areas for over 30 years.
follow us: 
                        








links
search inventory
sell your vehicle
ebay store
contact us


contact
22518 dabney mill rd.
petersburg, va 23803-7304
p. 804-469-7179
p. 800-553-7110
f. 804-469-7527


business hours (est/edt)
monday - friday 8am - 5pm
saturday 8am - 3pm





©  oakhill used auto parts





×
contact form submitted
thank you for contacting us! if your message requires a response, we will call or email you within 2 business days.








