





rv, travel trailer, & motorhome sales & service in warren, mi | kline's rv center























































































skip to main content

 




wilderness awaits





586-977-2324
call us



map & hours









toggle navigation






home

inventory

all inventory
new inventory
used inventory


value your trade
schedule a viewing


showroom



financing

finance



parts

view accessories & gear
view cart
parts overview




service

service department
service appointments



about us

about us
map & hours

employment
event calendar



submit a testimonial
photos
contact us
blog


contact





kline's rv

2001 e. thirteen mile road
 warren, mi 48092
us

phone: 586-977-2324
email: derek@klinesrv.com,eddie@klinesrv.com

fax:
			






browse inventory


new inventory


pre-owned











pop-ups





travel trailers






fifth wheels






motorhomes











our story

kline’s rv center is a metro
detroit family owned & operated
dealership for open for over 40
years! owned by carl & geneva
kline who are at the dealership
daily (unless babysitting their
grandkids). we pride ourselves on
taking care of you before &
after the sale. 






service
our service department is staffed with highly trained technicians dedicated to making sure your rv stays in great working order for years to come. here at kline's rv, we know that getting out on the road and enjoying our great country is your priority, and we will help keep you traveling in comfort and style.






parts
whether you need repairs or maintenance, or you're looking to customize your rv, kline's rv is proud to carry a wide selection of parts and accessories so you can maintain your vehicle and make it your own. if we don't have it in stock, we're happy to order it for you in the southfield, ferndale, troy, and eastpointe area.









shop parts
view our in-stock parts inventory































select parts for more information
shop all parts




previous



next















welcome to kline's rv
view all videoscheck out the kline's rv youtube channel! (opens in new window)







































  discover your dream rv at kline's 


  there's nothing better than cruising down the highway in your very own rv. at kline's rv center, we're ready to help get you into the rv you've been dreaming of, whether you're looking for a little class b van or a massive class a diesel pusher. kline's rv center is proud to maintain an extensive inventory of rvs, including new and used options from all of your favorite brands. 
when you're ready to make your purchase, you can expect outstanding customer service, as our team will help you along every step of the way. let's take a look at everything you can expect when you buy an rv with kline's rv center, from our service department offerings to our deep-rooted passion for rv culture.


  about our warren, mi rv dealership


  kline's rv center has served customers in warren, michigan, and its surrounding areas since 1978. that's more than 40 years of matching excited adventurers to their perfect recreational vehicle. with our dedication to rv culture and longstanding status in the industry, our team has the knowledge and passion to help customers find their ideal ride, every time. as a full-service dealership, kline's is ready to help you with whatever you might need, whether you're looking to buy a brand-new rv or to schedule a service appointment. whatever brings you in, you can relax knowing you'll get unparalleled service.
aside from being exceptionally qualified in the field of rv sales, kline's rv center is also a family business. kline's was initially founded by paul and carl kline, an unstoppable father-and-son duo who originally opened the business as a car dealership. however, after a few years of keeping motorhomes in their inventory, the klines found their niche, eventually becoming the top shasta dealer in the united states. today, carl's son derek carries on the legacy with his wife loren, so you'll know you're getting thoughtful service from people who understand what families need.


  inventory showcase


  our extensive inventory at kline's rv center has everything you could think of regarding rvs. we maintain many models, including class b, class c, fifth wheel, and toy haulers. if you're looking for a deal, you can browse our selection of pre-owned rvs, which offer top-quality rvs at discounted prices. regardless of what you're looking for, our online inventory page makes it simple to find the rv of your dreams, as it allows you to filter by various characteristics, including floor plans, slideouts, length, and brand. 
speaking of brands, kline's is proud to sell rvs from all the most exciting brands. with options from brands like coachmen catalina, camco, venture rv, keystone sprinter, and more, you'll be able to find an rv from that favorite brand of yours or explore the whole inventory until you find your perfect choice. here are a few more of the brands that kline's keeps in stock:


forest river forester
gulf stream
roadtrek
viking
freedom express
coleman
sporttrek
clipper
phantom
white hawk
cheyenne


services offered


  when your rv needs service, kline's rv center has you covered. we make it easy to schedule a service appointment with us online, whether you need a significant repair or want to take care of some routine rv maintenance. some of our most popular offerings include oil changes, brake repair, and roof inspections and resealing. here are a few more of the services offered at kline's rv center:


slide-outs
winterizing and de-winterizing
appliance repairs
hitch installation
brake controller
repacking wheel bearing
awing installation


  as a part of our service department, kline's operates a comprehensive parts department for all of your customization needs. this makes it easy to secure any accessories or extra parts that you want to add to your rv to give it a splash of your personality. for example, our parts department stays stocked with accessories like awnings, rv covers, and more! you can also purchase replacement parts with us if your rv needs a repair, and our expert technicians will install it for you.


  customer experience


  at kline's rv center, customer service comes first. while we operate a large dealership with a huge inventory, we pride ourselves on providing personalized help to every customer, no matter what they're looking for that day. our success speaks for itself, as we've received countless testimonials and tons of feedback from our customers who appreciate our personalized approach. for more details about how happy customers have been with their service from kline's rv center, visit our dealership's testimonials page to see for yourself. 


  visit kline's rv center today


 when you're in the market for your next rv, kline's rv center is the go-to destination for all your rv needs in warren, mi. visit us today to join kline's rv center family and explore our massive inventory of new and used models. if you have questions about any of our vehicles, our financing process, or our service offerings, contact us directly and someone on our team will help you. we can't wait for you to see everything that kline's rv center has to offer and set off on your next adventure in your brand-new rv. 

















586-977-2324
2001 e. thirteen mile road
warren, mi 48092
map & directions





new inventory
pre-owned
parts
service
financing
about us
contact





pop-ups
travel trailers
fifth wheels
motorhomes






facebook
like kline's rv on facebook! (opens in new window)





instagram
follow kline's rv on instagram! (opens in new window)





youtube
check out the kline's rv youtube channel! (opens in new window)







mon - fri 8am - 5pm


saturday closed   
sunday closed



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved


policy|
privacy|
terms
accessibility|
site map




opens in new window























