








stone ridge library -







































































 































 


menu

search the catalog
about us

about the library
board of trustees
2025 stone ridge library budget
policies
fines
get a library card
library hours
contact us


kids
calendar
online resources

download ebooks & audiobooks
universal class
stream movies & tv
printable museum passes
turn on reciteme


newsletter
the library foundation

donate to the library foundation
planned giving

information for your financial advisor(s)


ev car charge station donations


 






 february book groups dates and titles
news 

the morbid history book group, monday, 2/10, 7-8pm (after hours program) how democracies die by steven levisky with bonus read of on tyranny by timothy snyder
tea time book group: wednesday, 2/12, 1-2pm this time tomorrow by emma straub
the escape club, tuesday 2/18, 7-8pm (after hours program) james by percival everett
mystery book group, wednesday, 2/19, 11am-12pm woman in white by wilkie collins
clio’s muse history book group, wednesday, 3/5, 7-8pm via zoom in honor of women’s history month we are reading the woman behind the new deal: the life of frances perkins fdr’s secretary of labor and his moral conscience by kirsten downey
 
read more



 zumba gold with donna
events 

 

zumba gold with donna 
saturdays , february 1, 8, 15 & 22
9:00-9:50am
rondout municipal center gymnasium
we are thrilled to once again collaborate with the town of marbletown parks, rec and trails department to offer a six week session of free zumba gold classes. 
read more



 the bittersweet history of chocolate (an after hours teen program)
events, teens 

 


**rescheduled**
the bittersweet history of chocolate
friday, march 21
6:30-8pm
teens 15+
throughout its history, chocolate has been a food of the gods, then kings. chocolate, the bestower of both pleasurable delight and cultural myth-making, a coveted luxury export of new world colonialism, a conspirator in illicit seduction and decadent moral decline, a sweet method of murder by poison, and the embodiment of globalization. 
read more



 after work yoga with laura
events 

 

after work yoga with laura 
rondout municipal center
wednesdays, 5:30-6:30
the library and the town of marbletown are happy to offer free, hour-long, after-work yoga classes wednesdays starting february 5, from 5:30-6:30. classes will be held at the rondout valley municipal center gymnasium-the community center is closed for repairs. 
read more



 seed starting with jessica williams
events 

 

seed starting with jessica williams
saturday, february 22
1-2pm activity room
got the winter blues? longing for warm weather and getting those hands in the dirt? join us for seed starting with one of our favorite presenters, jessica williams as we cover winter sowing, how to minimize plastic use and how to get a head start on seedlings for spring planting. 
read more




posts pagination
1
2
3
…
5
next »






contact informationstone ridge library3700 main streetstone ridge ny 12484(845) 687-7023director@stoneridgelibrary.orglibrary hours 

day
open
close


mon.
1:30 pm
7:00 pm


tue.
10:00 am
5:30 pm


wed.
10:00 am
5:30 pm


thu.
10:00 am
5:30 pm


fri.
10:00 am
5:30 pm


sat.
10:00 am
3:00 pm




site search



newslettersign up for our monthly e-newsletter to get information on library programs, events, new materials and more!
email *select list(s) to subscribe tomaster srl newsletter  - all addresses yes, i would like to receive emails from stone ridge library. (you can unsubscribe anytime.)constant contact use. please leave this field blank.by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive email communications from stone ridge library. you may unsubscribe from our email list at any time by using the safeunsubscribe link found at the bottom of every email.  

emails are serviced by constant contact.







about the library

library history
our garden
donations of books/cds/dvds
volunteers
julia’s blog
construction updates


services

online resources
library value calculator


kids

kids portal


library foundation

about us
donate to the library foundation
planned giving
foundation auction


calendar
 



stone ridge library © 2025				










➤






 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website





































































koop alenia zonder recept, kopen nexium online
kauf generic female viagra rezeptfrei
osta yleinen ardomon (clomid) ilman reseptiä
buy naltrexone (revia) online without prescription - from only $6.40!
buy lasix (furosemide) online without prescription - from only $0.35!
buy medrol (methylprednisolone) online without prescription - from only $0.72!
buy abilify (aripiprazole) online without prescription - from only $0.91!
buy zithromax (azithromycin) online without prescription - from only $0.72!



