
















matt's today in history









































































podcast feed
mattstodayinhistory@gmail.com

mtih t-shirts and stuff




















donate/purchase dvds











audible 30-day trial!

click here to receive a free audiobook from audible.com!





































































transcript archive




transcript archive
september 2012 (1)
august 2012 (3)
july 2012 (2)
june 2012 (2)
may 2012 (3)
april 2012 (5)
march 2012 (8)
february 2012 (6)
september 2011 (1)
august 2011 (1)
july 2011 (3)
june 2011 (2)
september 2010 (1)
august 2010 (2)
july 2010 (1)
may 2010 (3)
april 2010 (5)
march 2010 (17)
february 2010 (4)
january 2010 (2)
november 2009 (3)
september 2009 (1)
august 2009 (2)
july 2009 (1)
june 2009 (5)
may 2009 (5)
march 2009 (1)
january 2009 (1)
december 2008 (2)
november 2008 (1)
july 2008 (1)
june 2008 (3)
may 2008 (1)
april 2008 (1)
march 2008 (8)
february 2008 (3)
december 2007 (1)
november 2007 (2)
october 2007 (1)
september 2007 (6)
august 2007 (11)
july 2007 (12)
june 2007 (9)
may 2007 (10)
april 2007 (11)
march 2007 (11)
february 2007 (13)
january 2007 (12)
december 2006 (15)
november 2006 (11)
october 2006 (14)
september 2006 (14)
august 2006 (17)
july 2006 (16)
june 2006 (14)
may 2006 (13)
april 2006 (12)
march 2006 (12)
february 2006 (12)
january 2006 (14)
december 2005 (15)
november 2005 (14)
october 2005 (17)
september 2005 (16)






about me





matt dattilo



view my complete profile





sunday, september 02, 2012







the end of a world, september 2, 1945





listen here



on
september 2nd, 1945, the second world war ended with the signing of
surrender documents by a japanese government and military delegation
on board the american battleship uss missouri. military
representatives of every allied power fighting in the pacific were
present, along with members of the press, who reported the sights and
sounds of the ceremony to a world eager for peace. from beginning to
end, the event lasted 23 minutes. and though most people alive at the
time did not realize it, the ceremony also marked the beginning of
one world and the end of another. although
history rarely falls into the neat patterns of human expectation,
there are dates which clearly mark the beginnings or ends of eras.
september 2nd, 1945 marked the end of several eras---cultural,
political, and military. it also marked the beginning of the world in
which we now live, a world that would be fundamentally different had
just a few small events turned out differently in 1945. while most
people alive today had not yet been born when the second world war
ended, we live with the aftereffects of that conflagration every
day. as
the victorious allied representatives stared at the japanese
delegation on the other side of the table holding the surrender
documents, some of them had to wonder what they had won. the soviet
officers present were citizens of a nation that had suffered over 23
million military and civilian deaths, although the exact figure will
never be known. that number represented 14% of the ussr's population.
only poland, with nearly six million dead, had a greater percentage
of its population killed by the war. for soviet leader josef stalin,
the war was far from over. eastern europe and the area that would
become east germany were subject to communist reprisals for years
after the war officially ended in europe in may, 1945. anyone living
in an area under soviet control that had fought with germany or in
any way opposed the red army was arrested and either sent to the
infamous gulags of siberia or summarily executed. german
prisoners-of-war being held by the soviets did not go home when the
war ended; most of them died during the war years. those who survived
were put to work at various industrial sites inside the soviet union
and were not repatriated until the mid-1950s. most of these men were
not guilty of war crimes and a majority weren't nazis; they just had
the misfortune of being on the losing side and surrendering to an
enemy that did not recognize the geneva convention’s rules
governing the treatment of prisoners-of-war.not
that being on the winning side helped many soviet soldiers held by
the germans when the war ended. almost all of them were imprisoned
upon returning to their home country under orders from stalin, who
probably saw them as an embarrassing reminder of how badly he had
blundered during the german invasion of the soviet union in the
summer of 1941. some of the soviet pows and others, including many
polish soldiers, had no desire to return to areas controlled by the
communists because they knew what awaited them. what they did not
know, and what the world would not know for another 50 years, was
that their fates had already been decided by stalin, british prime
minister winston churchill, and us president franklin roosevelt at
the yalta conference in february, 1945. one of stalin’s demands was
for the quick return of any soviet or eastern european citizen who
had ended the war in territory not controlled by the red army.
churchill and roosevelt agreed to this demand, even though they
understood the implications. apologists for both men claim they were
ignorant of stalin’s plans, but history recent to 1945 had shown
the soviet leader to be genocidal and paranoid. the two western
leaders were, by tacit approval, helping to send tens of thousands of
men to certain imprisonment or death.the
chinese delegation on board the missouri that sunday morning was
comprised of representatives of the republic of china, the legitimate
nationalist government of that nation as recognized by all the allies
except the soviet union. china had been embroiled in a civil war
since 1928, a struggle that was largely abandoned while the two
sides, the nationalists and the communists, fought separately against
the japanese. at the same time the japanese surrender ceremony
commenced in tokyo harbor, the two chinese belligerents were trying
to hammer out some sort of agreement on their nation's future. but
fighting continued, and by the middle of 1946 the two sides were
again fully engaged in a death struggle. the nationalists could
claims superior numbers in terms of manpower, but the communists
controlled the countryside and were soon bolstered by farmers who
were promised their own land in exchange for military service, a
promise that quickly turned into a fantasy. by the end of the 1949,
the war was over and the communists were taking power in beijing. the
nationalists escaped to taiwan and set up a government-in-exile, but
from the beginning it was obvious that they would never again control
the mainland. they had not only been beaten by the communists, but by
years of struggle against the japanese occupation.china
would undergo painful upheavals over the next 40 years, including the
great leap forward, a plan to make the nation into an industrial
giant in the course of just a few years. as a result of mismanagement
and the allocation of resources away from agriculture to
manufacturing, the years 1958-1962 saw more than 16 million people
(and possibly as many as 40 million) die of starvation. this failed
movement led directly to the cultural revolution, the effects of
which shaped chinese society for a generation. 





also
represented on the missouri were the united kingdom, france, and the
netherlands. all three had been colonial powers in the pacific before
the outbreak of hostilities, but most of their possessions had been
occupied by japanese forces and, with a few exceptions, would never
be fully under their control again. france tried to quell the rising
tide of anti-colonialism in french indochina (vietnam), but after a
stunning military defeat at the hands of viet minh communists in 1954
at dien bien phu, the government in paris was done in mainland asia.
vietnam was divided in two, but the partition solved nothing. in a
little over 10 years, american, australian and south korean troops
would be fighting communist insurgents and north vietnamese army
regulars in the jungles of south vietnam.of
all the colonial powers, the british empire paid the highest price
for victory. the british people and the colonial citizens of the
empire, along with the dominion nations, had stood alone against the
nazi war machine from the fall of france in may, 1940 until the
german invasion of the soviet union in june, 1941. british,
australian, new zealand, indian, and dozens of other nations'
soldiers, sailors, and airmen from across the empire fought on almost
every front during the war. resources were always strained, even
after the united states entered the war in december, 1941. in 1922,
four years after the end of the first world war, one in four human
beings lived in lands controlled by the british empire. it was truly
worldwide in scope; when people said the sun never set on the british
empire, they meant it. but even then, cracks were starting to appear.
defending far-flung outposts required the world’s largest navy and
a large standing army. the royal navy met the challenge, at least
until the outbreak of the second world war. but britain could not
maintain a large standing army as france did during most of the
inter-war years. nor could it fight a two-front war. the empire had
reached beyond its grasp; bravery and a stiff upper lip were no
longer enough to win the day on their own. such was the availability
of the royal navy, for example, that when the british pacific fleet
was formally organized in 1944 from smaller area commands, the entire
formation was given a single task force number when operating with
units of the us pacific fleet, itself part of a navy which had
strength of more than 6,000 ships in 1945. the british pacific fleet
contained fewer than 180 vessels during the same period. the empire’s
largest colony, india, gained its independence in 1947. within 20
years, almost all the colonial territories would be independent
nations. by the time the generation who fought the war reached middle
age, the term ‘british empire’ was no longer in use. economically
devastated, it would not be until the beginning of the 1950’s that
the uk’s economy would again show sustained growth.of
all the allied powers, only the united states emerged stronger
overall than when the war began. while the death of nearly 420,000
americans was a grievous loss, it was actually a smaller death toll
than had occurred during the us civil war 80 years before. and it was
a much smaller total than expected, since all but a handful of
americans assumed that victory in the pacific would require an
invasion of the japanese home islands. while the morality of bombing
hiroshima and nagasaki is debated today, the average american of 1945
welcomed the news with relief. while the economic might of the united
states had been evident for decades, it emerged from the second world
war as a superpower in every quantifiable way. but that status came
with great responsibilities. by 1947, the cold war with the soviet
union was underway. historians will probably debate the true origins
of this standoff for the next few centuries and we will not delve
into the causes or merits of it here. the soviet union’s military
might did not fade immediately after the war; conversely, the united
states’ military draw-down was quick and, as later events would
prove, excessive. the lessons learned from the berlin airlift in
1947-48 and the korean war (1950-53) led to a situation unique in
american history. until the mid-20th century, the united states had
an established tradition of allowing the american military to shrink
to alarming levels during times of peace. when war loomed, citizen
soldiers volunteered (or were drafted) to fill in the ranks, led by
the small corps of professional officers and senior enlisted men.
arms manufacturers cranked up production and makers of other products
began making the tools of combat.so
it had been from the war of independence to the second world war. but
those days had passed. the cold war required constant readiness,
which required a relatively large military. the united states kept
troops on permanent station in west germany, south korea, japan, and
dozens of other places around the world, armed and trained for the
third world war. this costly endeavor was maintained for 40 years,
until the breakup of the soviet union at the end of 1991. such
military strength required the creation of a permanent arms industry
in the united states, europe and asia. the so-called
military-industrial complex is still with us and probably always will
be. america’s willingness to out-spend and out-research the soviet
union in terms of military spending and procurement was one of the
leading causes of the collapse of communism in europe. the cold war
was won not with the force of arms, but by the constant threat of new
and better ones.it
doesn’t take much examination to see how fundamentally our world
changed because of the second world war. that war brought an end to
the vestiges of 19th century life, mainly colonialism and the idea
that wars were only to be fought against a nation’s military, not
its entire civilian population. it also created the specter of
nuclear annihilation, a reality that probably kept the world out of
another worldwide conflagration. but that’s another story.






posted by



matt dattilo




at

10:10:00 pm



79 comments:
  





























sunday, august 19, 2012







voyager begins the journey, august 20, 1977





listen here



thirty-five years ago
today, nasa launched voyager 2, a 1,600 pound space probe, from cape
canaveral, florida. despite its numerical designation, voyager 2 was
the first of the voyager probes to be launched.  the voyager twins'
mission is to explore our solar system's outer planets and study
interstellar space beyond.




the idea for the voyager
probes dates back to the late 1960's. aerospace engineer gary flandro
of the jet propulsion laboratory conceived a mission (called the
planetary grand tour) requiring four probes that would be launched in
the mid- to late 1970's.  that time frame would take advantage of an
alignment of jupiter, saturn, uranus, neptune, and pluto, an event
that would not happen again for 175 years. two of the probes would
fly by jupiter, saturn, and pluto. the other two would pass by
jupiter, uranus, and neptune.




after the last apollo
mission in 1972, nasa faced budget cuts that spelled doom for many
planned programs, including the planetary grand tour. but money
remained for two probes, originally meant to be a continuation of the
mariner project, which explored the inner solar system. after the
probes' design was finalized, it was decided they needed their own
name because they were a generation ahead of the mariner probes. 
thus, the voyagers were born.




the voyager spacecraft, as
they came to be called instead of probes, were not the first craft
sent from earth to the outer reaches of our solar neighborhood.  that
honor goes to the pioneer 10 and 11 missions, which passed by jupiter
and saturn. pioneer 11 arrived at saturn almost a year before voyager
1 and was used to test the larger spacecraft's route. while the two
pioneers gained valuable data, the voyager spacecraft carried a wider
array of scientific instrumentation and would pass by every planet in
the outer solar system with the exception of pluto, which was still
considered a full-fledged planet at that time. the world had never
seen jupiter, saturn, uranus, and neptune like they would see them in
the coming years.




in december, 1977, voyager
1 passed voyager 2, so we will discuss voyager 1's journey first.
after exiting the asteroid belt in september, 1978, voyager 1 arrived
within observation range of jupiter in january, 1979 and made its
closest approach to the planet (217,000 miles) in march of that year.
it was during this fly-by that jupiter's planetary rings, a smaller
version of the rings surrounding saturn, were discovered.  using
jupiter as a gravitational slingshot, voyager 1 took its last picture
of jupiter in april and began the long journey to saturn.

voyager 1 arrived at
saturn nineteen months later, in november, 1980. it soon discovered
that the planet's massive rings were much more complex than anyone on
earth had imagined; instead of several broad rings, there are dozens
of sub-groups of small rings in larger bands. to those of us old
enough to remember such things, they looked like the grooves on a
record. 





as voyager 1 made its way
to saturn, it was decided to alter its mission.  pioneer 11 had
earlier detected a significant atmosphere on titan, one of saturn's
moons. this was an important and surprising find, so voyager 1's
route was changed so it could make a close fly-by.  however, this
meant that the spacecraft would not be able to visit uranus and
neptune.  so, after a close encounter with titan, which
gravitationally pushed it out of the plane of the ecliptic, voyager 1
headed for interstellar space.




voyager 2 had a more
extensive journey inside the solar system. making its closest
approach to jupiter in july, 1979, the spacecraft made a surprising
discovery:  io, one of jupiter's many moons, is volcanically active.
one of the images voyager 2 captured was of a giant plume erupting
from the moon's surface. this was the first time volcanic activity
had been observed on any celestial body other than the earth. 





voyager 2 made its close
flyby of saturn in august, 1981, after a 13-month trip from jupiter.
almost all the iconic pictures of saturn we see today were taken
during this visit. the camera platform locked up from overuse during
the saturn flyby, threatening to cut the mission short.  however,
mission engineers were able to fix the problem and the spacecraft
moved on to uranus.




uranus tilts towards the
sun at a 90 degree angle, which makes it unique among the planets of
our solar system.  voyager 2 discovered that, as a result of this
radical tilt, the planets magnetic field trails behind the planet in
a corkscrew pattern.  it also studied the previously-known but still
mysterious rings of uranus and found them to be fundamentally
different from those orbiting jupiter and saturn. mainly, the uranus
ring system is thought to be a fairly recent addition to the planet's
characteristics.




voyager 2 made its last
planetary visit in august, 1989, with a flyby of neptune. it was
decided to make a course correction so the spacecraft would also
visit triton, neptune's largest moon. this resulted in voyager 2's
final trajectory out of the solar system being different than
originally planned, but it made little difference as neither
trajectory points to any specific interstellar destination.

in 2008, the international
astronomical union reclassified pluto as a “plutoid” and stripped
it of full planet status.  thus, 1989 marked the year by which all
eight planets of our solar system had been visited at least once by
probes from earth. 





in 1998, voyager 1 became
the farthest man-made object from earth, exceeding the record set by
the slower pioneer 10. since these two craft are headed in nearly
opposite directions, they are also the furthest apart of anything
ever created by humans. both of the voyager spacecraft carry golden
records containing instructions on how to play the disc and samples
of sounds and pictures of life on earth. the best chance for either
spacecraft to reach an intelligent species will come in 40,000 years,
when voyager 1 passes within 1.6 light years of the star ac+79 3888.
by then, the spacecraft will be dead and cold, having used up all her
nuclear fuel by 2025 or so.  but as of this writing, both voyagers
are still active and sending limited amounts of data back to earth. 
there is disagreement about where interstellar space actually begins,
but both spacecraft are now beyond reach of the sun's solar winds.
they will never return, but will always remain our first ambassadors
to the endless universe.





posted by



matt dattilo




at

6:36:00 pm



6 comments:
  





























sunday, august 12, 2012







the purple heart is born, august 7, 1782







listen here



on
august 7th, 1782, continental army general
george washington issued an order establishing the forerunner to the
purple heart, the badge of military merit, for “singular
meritorious action”. with
nearly two million recipients, the purple heart is america’s oldest
military award. today, it is
conferred upon any person wounded in action while serving in the
armed forces of the united states.



during
the revolutionary war, only three members of the continental army
were awarded the badge of military merit.  they were all sergeants
from connecticut:
daniel
bissell, william brown and elijah churchill. they received the award
at newburgh, new york on june 10, 1783.



although never officially abandoned, for the next
century and a half the badge fell into disuse. the medal of honor,
first created and awarded during the civil war, was the first
decoration created after the badge lapsed into disuse. however, by
the third decade of the twentieth century, us military leaders 
decided it was time to improve the recognition of meritorious
service. thus was the purple heart, a re-birth of the badge of
military merit, created.



the
exact timing of the revival was carefully chosen to mark the
bicentennial of washington's birthday. an army heraldic specialist,
miss elizabeth will designed the device in 1931; john r. sinnock then
created a model of the device. it is 1-11/16 inches in length and
1-3/8 inches in width, suspended by a rounded rectangular length,
which displays a vertical purple band with quarter-inch white
borders. general washington is shown in profile with his coat of
arms, and set in three lines, "for military merit," with a
space below for the recipient's name. 




the
man who issued the revival order was then-army chief of staff douglas
macarthur. the army allowed the medal to be awarded retroactively for
those wounded or recognized for meritorious service during the first
world war. as a result, over 300,000 soldiers who were veterans of
that conflict received purple hearts. the first recipient was douglas
macarthur.



in
1943, the conditions under which the purple heart were awarded were
changed. congress created the legion of merit during the first year
of the war, so by executive order president franklin roosevelt
extended the use of the award to all branches of the armed forces but
limited its use to the recognition of those who are wounded or die in
combat. since that time, changes have been made as to who is eligible
to receive the award, but its purpose has remained unchanged.



as
was mentioned in the last episode of this podcast, in anticipation of
the invasion of japan, over five hundred thousand purple hearts were
manufactured, a stock that has yet to be exhausted. over one million
american servicemen and women received the award during world war
two. three hundred thousand veterans of the first world war were
awarded the purple heart retroactively. the remaining 500,000 or so
have been awarded since 1945, well more than half of that number
during the vietnam war.



noticeable
recipients of the purple heart include mainstream politicians and
anti-war political activists, entertainers, actors, journalists,
publishers and tv producers. the list includes the 35th us president,
john fitzgerald kennedy, colonel ruby bradley, america's most
decorated military woman, former marine and actor lee marvin, chuck
yeager, the pilot who first broke the sound barrier, film producer
oliver stone, ron kovic, who is depicted in stone's biopic movie
"born on the fourth of july", rod serling, the creator of
the tv series “twilight zone”, actor charles bronson, former
secretary of state colin powell, and novelist kurt vonnegut. at least
one military working dog has been awarded an honorary purple heart. 




the
award is a true meritocracy. and because it is always awarded on
behalf of the president of the united states, it serves a direct link
back to the very first holder of that office.





posted by



matt dattilo




at

4:40:00 pm



4 comments:
  





























monday, august 06, 2012







what price victory, august 6, 1945





listen here



every outcome in
history has at least one alternative, that path that was not
followed. if you've listened to this podcast for a couple of years or
more, you have heard a similar version of tonight's episode. this is
one of the few times that, instead of exploring just the event as it
occurred, we also take a look at the other likely path. why?  because
that other branch of the tree of history was the one that most of the
world thought would be the one to play out. the path that was not
chosen was also well-planned for by the groups involved because
almost all the decision-makers were kept in the dark about one huge
fact. this is amazingly rare in modern history.



on august 6, 1945, a united states army air corps b-29 bomber named
'enola gay' dropped a uranium fission bomb codenamed “little boy”
over the city of hiroshima, japan. on august 9, a b-29 named 'bock's
car' dropped a bomb with a plutonium core named “fat man” on
nagasaki. these
two dates remain the only times nuclear weapons have been used for
their original intended purpose: to destroy population centers along
with an enemy’s ability and desire to wage war. for seven decades,
the world has debated the wisdom and morality of the use of these
weapons. to better understand the reasoning at work in the minds of
allied leaders and war planners, it is important to look at the
events leading up to these august, 1945, dates and consider one of
the greatest ‘what if’ scenarios of not just the second world
war, but of all modern military history.
by
the summer of 1945, the empire of japan had ceased being a threat in
most areas of the pacific theater of war. okinawa, only 340 miles
from mainland japan, was secured by u.s. army and marine corps
divisions by the end of june. while significant japanese ground
forces remained active in china and korea, the allies had destroyed
the imperial navy over the course of the previous three-and-a-half
years, leaving her coastal cities open to shelling from the
battleships and heavy cruisers of the u.s. and british pacific
fleets. the japanese air force, while numerically still a presence,
was all but grounded due to a lack of fuel. every major city in the
japanese home islands had been at least partially leveled by daily
u.s. army air corps bombing raids. the japanese merchant fleet, once
one of the world’s largest, had ceased to exist. the island nation
was cut off.
yet,
the remains of the once-vast empire fought on. there was a strong
belief among the military leaders of japan that a successful invasion
of the four main japanese home islands would mean the end of the
nation as a distinct cultural entity. the hardliners believed that
surrender was not an option and that an allied invasion required the
entire population to fight to the point of extinction. there were
voices of moderation in tokyo, one of them being the emperor of
japan. however, tradition demanded that he remain officially silent.
he had made his desire for a negotiated peace clear, however, in
private discussions with his ministers. the emperor wanted the soviet
union (who was not yet at war with japan) to act as a mediator
between the warring powers in the pacific. however, he also wanted
some sort of concrete victory in order to gain leverage during the
negotiations. but by the end of june, 1945, it was clear there would
be no great japanese victory on okinawa or anywhere else.
furthermore, the soviets were not interested in brokering a deal of
any sort: josef stalin had his own plans.
meanwhile,
the war in europe ended in early may, 1945. while the occupation of
germany and eastern europe and post-war actions of the allies had
been discussed on multiple occasions since early in the conflict,
there were still many details which needed to be sorted out.
beginning on july 17th, leaders of the united states, united kingdom
and the soviet union met in potsdam, germany to discuss both the
issues of occupation and the war in the pacific. president harry
truman, who had come to the office after the death of president
roosevelt in april, arrived at the conference with monumental but
secret knowledge: an atomic bomb had been successfully tested in the
new mexico desert just one day before the beginning of the
conference. three years of super-secret work and billions of dollars
had resulted in the construction of the most deadly weapon in human
history. yet only a handful of people not working directly on the
device knew that it even existed. truman himself was not made aware
of the bomb’s pending completion until after roosevelt’s death in
april, 1945, despite the fact he had been the vice-president.
truman
met with prime minister winston churchill on july 21st, at which time
the two agreed on the use of the weapon. soviet premier stalin was
not told until july 25th, a delay which made him privately angry but
only because his advice on the weapon’s use was not sought as
churchill’s had been. in truth, stalin knew about the new weapon
from information provided by soviet spies working inside the
manhattan project.
on
july 26th, truman, churchill and president of the republic of china
chiang kai-shek issued the potsdam declaration, a statement which
called for the surrender of japan. it was an ultimatum; as the
declaration stated, the alternative for japan was “prompt and utter
destruction.” the declaration was transmitted via radio, leaflets
were dropped over the home islands, and it was conveyed
diplomatically by swiss intermediaries. newspapers in japan were the
first to announce that the government rejected the declaration,
although it is doubtful they had any official word on which to rely.
on july 28th, japanese premier kantaro suzuki announced that since
the declaration was just a rehash of earlier allied demands, it would
be met with mokusatsu, a japanese word that roughly translates as “to
treat with silent contempt.” thus, the declaration was not so much
rejected as it was ignored.
much
has been made of the premier's words by historians, with some
suggesting that his failure to issue an outright rejection indicated
a willingness to negotiate. however, there is no strong evidence to
support this. the faction in tokyo that was willing to negotiate an
end to the war wanted to deal from a position of strength. even the
emperor, portrayed for more than seven decades as a man who wanted
nothing more than peace, believed that strong resistance to an allied
invasion of the japanese home islands would open the door for more
balanced negotiations.
even
the emperor, subject to deification by the japanese population, could
not see the events unfolding across the pacific. when news reached
washington that tokyo was unwilling to surrender, president truman
took the decision to use one or more nuclear weapons against japanese
cities. on august 6th, 1945, the weapon known as little boy was
detonated over the city of hiroshima. on august 9th, the weapon
called fat man was used against nagasaki. the immediate effects of
the blast and short-term intense radiation exposure killed more than
a quarter-million people over the next four months. the plan called
for the continued use of nuclear weapons against one city after
another until the japanese surrendered. however, on august 15th, the
japanese government announced its surrender. three weeks later, on
board the battleship uss missouri, the instrument of surrender was
signed by representatives of the japanese government and the allied
powers. the most destructive war in the history of mankind was
over.
but
what if the two atomic bombs had not been used? what if technical
difficulties had delayed the production of a working nuclear weapon
for several more years? or, what if president truman had come to
consider nuclear weapons morally reprehensible and forbade their use
against any target? while the latter scenario is unlikely (truman
said repeatedly that he did not hesitate in his decision to use the
bombs against japanese targets nor did he regret it later), the
former could very well have taken place. 
for
the millions of americans and their allies in uniform in 1945, an
invasion of japan seemed the next logical step in a bid to bring the
second world war to an end. what few of them knew, and what many
people still do not know today, is that planning for the invasion of
japan was well underway. in fact, the primary plan for the invasion
had been circulated in early may, 1945. it took into account the
fanatical resistance the japanese military had put up in the face of
invasion of even the smallest bit of land in the pacific. it was this
plan which president truman and prime minister winston churchill had
in their minds as they discussed the use of nuclear weapons. as you
will see, there were no easy alternatives.

the
planned invasion of japan was known as operation downfall. it was
broken down into two major operations: operation olympic, the
invasion of kyushu, the southernmost of the main japanese islands.
the operation would begin on x-day, thursday, november 1st, 1945.
operation coronet was the planned invasion of the kanto plain south
of tokyo. y-day was set at march 1st, 1946. the southern third of
kyushu would be used as the staging area for this invasion.
the
resources being set aside for these two operations were unlike
anything seen up to that point in the war. the landing force for
olympic would consist of 331,000 american soldiers and 99,000
marines. coronet could consist of roughly the same number of
americans, many of them belonging to divisions that had fought in
europe. three divisions of u.s. marines would participate in each
landing; that was the entire marine corps as it existed in 1945.
these numbers do not include the tens of thousands of british,
australian and new zealand troops which would have taken part in
operation coronet.
in
the air would have been the fifth, seventh and thirteenth air forces
of the u.s. army air corps, along with the eighth air force just
transferred from europe. with them would have been the tiger force of
the raf bomber command and the australian first tactical air force.
the waters surrounding the invasion beaches would have contained the
largest naval armada ever assembled. the u.s. third, fifth and
seventh fleets, comprised of 56 aircraft carriers, 20 battleships,
over 50 cruisers and hundreds of smaller warships would have been
joined by the entire british pacific fleet made up of 6 fleet
carriers and their escorts. this represented 90% of the world's naval
ships as of 1945, all concentrated in one area. and this tally only
includes the warships. thousands of cargo ships and troop transports
would have been on the scene as well, making the allied of invasion
of normandy in june, 1944 look small in comparison. the invasion
beaches had already been given names such as cadillac, zephyr,
mercury, and packard, all automobile manufacturers.

the
japanese army had large numbers of troops in korea and china in 1945,
all of them essentially trapped in position with no hope of resupply
or rescue. there were, however, hundreds of thousands of soldiers
stationed in the japanese home islands. tokyo's defense planners,
like the allied war planners, understood the importance of using
kyushu as a base of operations. thus, they had stationed 600,000
regular army troops there. there were also 5,000 aircraft assigned
for use as kamikaze aircraft, the suicide planes that had caused so
much trouble for the u.s. navy during the last year of the war. and
although post-war estimates vary, there were as many as 12,000
aircraft set aside in reserve status, although the airworthiness of
these planes is questionable.
the
tokyo plain, the landing area for operation coronet, was defended by
560,000 troops. this did not include the vast number of civilians
that were being armed with everything from modern rifles to wooden
spears. the japanese navy, such as it was, still had 350 midget
submarines ready for use, 1000 manned torpedoes and over 800 suicide
boats. like the aircraft designated for kamikaze work, the
seaworthiness of some of these naval vessels is in doubt. however,
the intent was to use them while the allied invasion fleet was still
far out at sea. while the powers in tokyo knew that they could not
ultimately repel an invasion, it was hoped that the operation could
be made so costly that allied leaders would be willing to negotiate a
ceasefire, giving the japanese the ability to negotiate from a
position of strength.
for
two generations, historians have debated the number of casualties
(both dead and wounded) that would have resulted from an allied
invasion of the japanese home islands. even military leaders of the
day could not agree on a casualty projection. the last study done
during the war, created by secretary of war henry stimson's staff,
estimated that conquering japan would cost 1.7 to 4 million american
casualties, including 400,000 to 800,000 fatalities, and five to ten
million japanese fatalities. the total number of american deaths, on
the low end, would have been more than the total number of american
war dead experienced to that point in the war, both in the pacific
and europe. keep in mind that while american and allied forces fought
on kyushu and the tokyo plain, the army air corps would have
continued to fire bomb japanese cities, thus increasing the total
civilian death toll.
nearly
500,000 purple heart medals were manufactured in anticipation of the
casualties resulting from the invasion of japan. to the present date,
all the american military casualties of the nearly 70 years following
the end of the second world war—including the korean and vietnam
war—have not exceeded that number. there are still so many medals
in surplus that combat units in afghanistan are able to keep purple
hearts on-hand for immediate award to wounded soldiers.

 there
would also have been political consequences to consider. in early
august, the soviet union declared war on japan and invaded parts of
manchuria and the kuril islands, the northern part of the japanese
island chain. it is very likely that josef stalin would have ordered
his forces to continue moving down the island chain as the rest of
the allied forces moved up the chain from the south. it is possible
that japan would today be two nations, much like north and south
korea. the effect that would have had on the world, both economically
and culturally, can not be measured.
the
debate over the use of nuclear weapons against japan in august, 1945,
will continue as long as those events are remembered by human beings.
one can only hope that future events will never be so horrendous as
to cause hiroshima and nagasaki to fade from our collective memory.





posted by



matt dattilo




at

9:31:00 pm



9 comments:
  





























sunday, july 22, 2012







the forty-five begins, july 23, 1745





listen here


today in 1745, a tiny invasion force landed in the outer hebrides off the west coast of scotland and began an ill-fated military campaign that ended just nine months later in a catastrophic defeat at culloden, the last pitched battle ever fought on mainland british soil. and yet this second jacobite rebellion unleashed a ripple effect that is still driving events today as we head towards the scottish independence referendum planned for 2014.

the instigator of the "forty-five" uprising was the twenty-five year old pretender charles edward stuart (commonly known as "bonnie prince charlie"). but in one sense the real trouble had been caused back in 1603 by his great-great-grandfather james vi, king of the scots. his ascension to the english throne as king james i had created a personal union of the english and scottish crowns. this political union persisted and was formalized with the act of union of 1707.

the prerequisite for recreating an absolute monarchy in scotland separate from the united kingdom was the defeat of the reigning monarch, king george ii. although the french had only provided limited support, stuart's jacobite army had a reasonable prospect of success because of their choice of timing. the waging of the war of the austrian succession at that time meant that most of the english army was deployed in flanders and the french wanted to arrange the recall of english divisions in order to conquer the austrian netherlands. the bitter irony was that had the "forty-five" succeeded, then such a victory might well have led to an hanoverian overthrow that would have also restored the stuarts to the english crown for a second time.

the daring stuart restoration plan was to gather both momentum and support as they marched south to link up with an invading french army that had not even been dispatched. initially, progress was promising. as the french privateers carrying the invaders sailed around the southernmost tip of england, the crew aboard hms lion fired on and damaged one of the ships before they sailed out of range and then wrongly assumed that the ships were bound for north america. critically, this incident was not reported to the british admiralty until much later. landing at moidart in scotland after sailing from the outer hebrides, the invaders marched south and the jacobite standard was raised by a gathering of highland clansmen at glenfinnan in the scottish highlands. victories then followed at prestonpans near edinburgh and then across the border at carlisle. by december, the jacobite army had reached the east midlands town of derby, just one hundred miles from the capital city of london.

they never got any further than the crossing the swarkestone bridge because events now took the oddest of turns. as the hanoverians began to pack their bags and prepare for their flight to the continent, english divisions were being recalled from flanders. and at this precise juncture charles' commanders warned him that a larger force was defending london.  to his utter dismay, his jacobite army decided to march straight back to scotland.

with the english army now in hot pursuit and resources running critically short, a shipment of french gold meant for the jacobites was intercepted by the royal navy. it was a final nail in the coffin for the forty-five's would-be rebellion. determined to fight sooner rather than later, charles retreated to inverness where the final battle was fought at culloden. his opponent was the duke of cumberland, better known to history as "the butcher". such was the divisive nature of the struggle that the jacobite army included an english unit, and the english army included scottish troops. after a crushing defeat, charles fled the field with a nose bleed. secretly smuggled to safety, he eventually made his way back to france, where he lived the rest of his life with no hope that a stuart would recapture the throne of england or scotland.

and so the vectors of the stuart family and the scottish nation set off in very different directions.  the true aftermath was significant because the english undertook a series of heavy-handed (some would say brutal) actions in order to prevent a third uprising. and it was the bitterness caused by these actions, such as the highland clearances of the latter 18th and 19th centuries, that have persisted in scottish memories long after the romantic dreams of charles stuart have passed into the long shadows of history. and one might well conclude that the three hundred year dream of an independent scottish nation was to survive despite, rather than because of, the clumsy endeavors of the stuart family.






posted by



matt dattilo




at

8:46:00 pm



3 comments:
  





























tuesday, july 03, 2012







the declaration of independence





listen here



july
4th is a holiday in the united states, a day on which we
remember an act of treason against the british royal crown in the
person of king george iii. between august 2nd, 1776 and
january 22nd, 1777, 56 men representing the 13 american
colonies signed a document that meant prison or even execution if the
war for independence, then underway for more than a year, went badly
for the americans.



most
americans are familiar with the beginning and the end of the
declaration of independence. those paragraphs contain the most
soaring statements and the one phrase we know by heart: life, liberty
and the pursuit of happiness. but most of us are unfamiliar with the
center of the document, the part that spells out why these
representatives of the colonies felt it necessary to break ties with
great britain.  




with
this in mind, i present the declaration of independence in its
entirety.  the wording is stilted in places and some 21st
century english teachers would cringe at the comma placement, but
keep in mind that this document was written, revised, parsed, and
debated over because the men who wrote it and signed it knew that it
would either serve as a bold statement by a new nation with greatness
in its future or as a last cry of indictment against a tyranny that
crushed a weak group of colonies before the world could hear their
cries for government of, by, and for the people.



and
so we begin:



“when
in the course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to
dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another
and to assume among the powers of the earth, the separate and equal
station to which the laws of nature and of nature's god entitle them,
a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should
declare the causes which impel them to the separation.



we
hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal,
that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable
rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of
happiness. — that to secure these rights, governments are
instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of
the governed, — that whenever any form of government becomes
destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or
to abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its foundation
on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them
shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness.
prudence, indeed, will dictate that governments long established
should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly
all experience hath shewn that mankind are more disposed to suffer,
while evils are sufferable than to right themselves by abolishing the
forms to which they are accustomed. but when a long train of abuses
and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design
to reduce them under absolute despotism, it is their right, it is
their duty, to throw off such government, and to provide new guards
for their future security. — such has been the patient sufferance
of these colonies; and such is now the necessity which constrains
them to alter their former systems of government. the history of the
present king of great britain is a history of repeated injuries and
usurpations, all having in direct object the establishment of an
absolute tyranny over these states. to prove this, let facts be
submitted to a candid world.



he
has refused his assent to laws, the most wholesome and necessary for
the public good.



he
has forbidden his governors to pass laws of immediate and pressing
importance, unless suspended in their operation till his assent
should be obtained; and when so suspended, he has utterly neglected
to attend to them.



he
has refused to pass other laws for the accommodation of large
districts of people, unless those people would relinquish the right
of representation in the legislature, a right inestimable to them and
formidable to tyrants only.



he
has called together legislative bodies at places unusual,
uncomfortable, and distant from the depository of their public
records, for the sole purpose of fatiguing them into compliance with
his measures.



he
has dissolved representative houses repeatedly, for opposing with
manly firmness his invasions on the rights of the people.



he
has refused for a long time, after such dissolutions, to cause others
to be elected, whereby the legislative powers, incapable of
annihilation, have returned to the people at large for their
exercise; the state remaining in the mean time exposed to all the
dangers of invasion from without, and convulsions within.



he
has endeavoured to prevent the population of these states; for that
purpose obstructing the laws for naturalization of foreigners;
refusing to pass others to encourage their migrations hither, and
raising the conditions of new appropriations of lands.



he
has obstructed the administration of justice by refusing his assent
to laws for establishing judiciary powers.



he
has made judges dependent on his will alone for the tenure of their
offices, and the amount and payment of their salaries.



he
has erected a multitude of new offices, and sent hither swarms of
officers to harass our people and eat out their substance.



he
has kept among us, in times of peace, standing armies without the
consent of our legislatures.



he
has affected to render the military independent of and superior to
the civil power.



he
has combined with others to subject us to a jurisdiction foreign to
our constitution, and unacknowledged by our laws; giving his assent
to their acts of pretended legislation:



for
quartering large bodies of armed troops among us:



for
protecting them, by a mock trial from punishment for any murders
which they should commit on the inhabitants of these states:



for
cutting off our trade with all parts of the world:



for
imposing taxes on us without our consent:



for
depriving us in many cases, of the benefit of trial by jury:



for
transporting us beyond seas to be tried for pretended offences:



for
abolishing the free system of english laws in a neighbouring
province, establishing therein an arbitrary government, and enlarging
its boundaries so as to render it at once an example and fit
instrument for introducing the same absolute rule into these colonies



for
taking away our charters, abolishing our most valuable laws and
altering fundamentally the forms of our governments:



for
suspending our own legislatures, and declaring themselves invested
with power to legislate for us in all cases whatsoever.



he
has abdicated government here, by declaring us out of his protection
and waging war against us.



he
has plundered our seas, ravaged our coasts, burnt our towns, and
destroyed the lives of our people.



he
is at this time transporting large armies of foreign mercenaries to
compleat the works of death, desolation, and tyranny, already begun
with circumstances of cruelty & perfidy scarcely paralleled in
the most barbarous ages, and totally unworthy the head of a civilized
nation.



he
has constrained our fellow citizens taken captive on the high seas to
bear arms against their country, to become the executioners of their
friends and brethren, or to fall themselves by their hands.



he
has excited domestic insurrections amongst us, and has endeavoured to
bring on the inhabitants of our frontiers, the merciless indian
savages whose known rule of warfare, is an undistinguished
destruction of all ages, sexes and conditions.



in
every stage of these oppressions we have petitioned for redress in
the most humble terms: our repeated petitions have been answered only
by repeated injury. a prince, whose character is thus marked by every
act which may define a tyrant, is unfit to be the ruler of a free
people.



nor
have we been wanting in attentions to our british brethren. we have
warned them from time to time of attempts by their legislature to
extend an unwarrantable jurisdiction over us. we have reminded them
of the circumstances of our emigration and settlement here. we have
appealed to their native justice and magnanimity, and we have
conjured them by the ties of our common kindred to disavow these
usurpations, which would inevitably interrupt our connections and
correspondence. they too have been deaf to the voice of justice and
of consanguinity. we must, therefore, acquiesce in the necessity,
which denounces our separation, and hold them, as we hold the rest of
mankind, enemies in war, in peace friends.



we,
therefore, the representatives of the united states of america, in
general congress, assembled, appealing to the supreme judge of the
world for the rectitude of our intentions, do, in the name, and by
authority of the good people of these colonies, solemnly publish and
declare, that these united colonies are, and of right ought to be
free and independent states, that they are absolved from all
allegiance to the british crown, and that all political connection
between them and the state of great britain, is and ought to be
totally dissolved; and that as free and independent states, they have
full power to levy war, conclude peace, contract alliances, establish
commerce, and to do all other acts and things which independent
states may of right do. — and for the support of this declaration,
with a firm reliance on the protection of divine providence, we
mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred
honor.



new
hampshire:josiah
bartlett, william
whipple, matthew
thornton

massachusetts:john
hancock, samuel
adams, john
adams, robert
treat paine, elbridge
gerry

rhode
island:stephen
hopkins, william
ellery

connecticut:roger
sherman, samuel
huntington, william
williams, oliver
wolcott

new
york:william
floyd, philip
livingston, francis
lewis, lewis
morris

new
jersey:richard
stockton, john
witherspoon, francis
hopkinson, john
hart, abraham
clark

pennsylvania:robert
morris, benjamin
rush, benjamin
franklin, john
morton, george
clymer, james
smith, george
taylor, james
wilson, george
ross

delaware:caesar
rodney, george
read, thomas
mckean

maryland:samuel
chase, william
paca, thomas
stone, charles
carroll of carrollton

virginia:george
wythe, richard
henry lee, thomas
jefferson, benjamin
harrison, thomas
nelson, jr., francis
lightfoot lee, carter
braxton

north
carolina:william
hooper, joseph
hewes, john
penn

south
carolina:edward
rutledge, thomas
heyward, jr., thomas
lynch, jr., arthur
middleton

georgia:button
gwinnett, lyman
hall, george
walton”





posted by



matt dattilo




at

10:41:00 pm



1 comment:
  































older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)










































picture window theme. powered by blogger.
























