










home | gospel doctrine































































      skip to main content
    















gospel doctrine



 







search













main navigation









home
old testament
new testament
the book of mormon
doctrine & covenants
pearl of great price

resources 

mobile app help
resources



about/contact 

about
credits
news archives
contact us













genesis 1:1

in the beginning god created the heaven and the earth.



matthew 10:1

and when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.



matthew 8:26

and he saith unto them, why are ye fearful, o ye of little faith? then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.



exodus 28:1

and take thou unto thee aaron thy brother, and his sons with him, from among the children of israel, that he may minister unto me in the priest’s office, even aaron, nadab and abihu, eleazar and eithamar, aaron’s sons.



isaiah 9:6

for unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called wonderful, counsellor, the mighty god, the everlasting father, the prince of peace.



3 nephi 11:7

behold my beloved son, in whom i am well pleased, in whom i have glorified my name—hear ye him.



moroni 10:4

and when ye shall receive these things, i would exhort you that ye would ask god, the eternal father, in the name of christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the holy ghost.



joseph smith - history 1:17

it no sooner appeared than i found myself delivered from the enemy which held me bound. when the light rested upon me i saw two personages, whose brightness and glory defy all description, standing above me in the air. one of them spake unto me, calling me by name and said, pointing to the other—this is my beloved son. hear him!



section 132:19

and again, verily i say unto you, if a man marry a wife by my word, which is my law, and by the new and everlasting covenant, and it is sealed unto them by the holy spirit of promise, by him who is anointed, unto whom i have appointed this power and the keys of this priesthood; and it shall be said unto them—ye shall come forth in the first resurrection; and if it be after the first resurrection, in the next resurrection; and shall inherit thrones, kingdoms, principalities, and powers, dominions, all heights and depths—then shall it be written in the lamb’s book of life, that he shall commit no murder whereby to shed innocent blood, and if ye abide in my covenant, and commit no murder whereby to shed innocent blood, it shall be done unto them in all things whatsoever my servant hath put upon them, in time, and through all eternity; and shall be of full force when they are out of the world; and they shall pass by the angels, and the gods, which are set there, to their exaltation and glory in all things, as hath been sealed upon their heads, which glory shall be a fulness and a continuation of the seeds forever and ever.



matthew 28:6

he is not here: for he is arisen, as he said. come, see the place where the lord lay.



 








language


englishespañolfrench

 








 


-a a +a

 


mobile app for gospeldoctrine.com
we are retiring the android app in favor of a progressive web app that can be installed not only on android, but on ios, macos, pc, and linux. it can be found at https://mobile.gospeldoctrine.com
while most of it should be pretty intuitive, you can find the instructions for a couple of non-obvious things here: https://gospeldoctrine.com/content/mobile-app-help
among the non-obvious items is how to use the app offline. so be sure to check it out.
please also take note of the limitations and bug report sections.
--bryan richards, content director
--ryan constantine, webmaster


 







welcome




this website is designed to assist teachers and students of the gospel. the format is set up to provide more information on the most important topics in any given chapter of scripture. specific quotes from the general authorities are given to confirm the validity of the doctrine being taught and to provide good quotes for use in classes and talks. it is recommended that the reader read the commentary for the entire chapter, especially if looking for commentary on a phrase or verse that was not specifically referenced. if the same topic was dealt with elsewhere in the chapter, it may be discussed at length in another section.
it is the experience of the author/editor of this website that too many sunday school classes and gospel discussions focus on the same superficial concepts, year after year. in the scriptures, there are a lot of profound truths which can help us understand god and how he would like us to live. unfortunately, these are rarely brought into the discussion. sometimes teachers are faced with teaching a myriad of different possible topics and make the mistake of trying to cover all of them or else they cover the less important subjects. it is hoped that this website will help improve gospel lessons, improve personal scripture study, and improve access to the doctrines of the church.
one might argue that this website offers nothing new, that doctrinal commentary books have already been written and by more credible authors. this statement is true. there has been a great body of literature written to help us understand the scriptures. what makes this work unique is its availability on the internet; it is free, and it provides a collection of quotes from many different sources to paint a crystal clear picture of what the prophets are teaching. decide for yourself whether it has any value. if you have any comments or criticisms (particularly if you're sure that false doctrine is being taught on this website), please let me know via the contact form.
lastly, i need to explain the big picture for this website. we are pleased to announce that every chapter of the new testament, book of mormon, doctrine and covenants, and the pearl of great price has complete commentary.  not so with the old testament.   while trying to keep the website up to date with recent conference material, we are also trying to finish a complete commentary on every old testament chapter.  however, since it has taken 12 years to produce commentary on the other standard works, the old testament will likely take quite some time to complete.  still, much is already available and useful for review. 
thanks for your interest in gospeldoctrine.com.
bryan richards
disclaimer
the following information is provided as a service to students of the gospel of jesus christ as believed by the members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.  the information contained herein is meant to be doctrinally correct, but this website is not an official site of the church and none of the material contained herein is meant to represent the official stand of the church on any gospel topic.  where possible, sources are listed to aid the reader to discern the validity of any given statement.  the creator/editor of this website takes full responsibility for the material contained herein.


read more about welcome 






  subscribe to 





 





site developed by ryan constantine























