





a&b electronics | south sioux city, nebraska






























































about us / contact
services and supplies
vendors
home/products
 





















ncc/sam4s spt-4856
download brochure
ncc reflection pos is powered by the most feature-rich software of any product in its class. this system is designed for a wide variety of restaurant concepts including quick service, casual dining, fine dining, pizza delivery, bars and nightclubs. reflection pos has the functionality to meet the demands of most restaurant operations.






sap-500
download brochure
the sam4s sap-500 series is an ecr-style all-in-one android pos terminal. featuring a hybrid design, sam4s has combined a 9.7″ touch display for operating the pos solution by touch with a large keyboard to support frequently used items, plus a built-in printer, customer display, card reader and cash drawer. the sap-500 series is a powerful platform for cafeteria, food court, thrift store, convenience store and many other applications.






sam4s ecr sps-320
download brochure
best applications
• food service: quick service, sandwich, deli, kiosks, cafeteria, ice cream
• independent retail merchants, especially retail scanning
• simple franchise concepts
• parks, stadiums, convention centers and other venues with many concession locations





sam4s-260
download brochure
these budget friendly, powerful electronic cash registers meet the needs of many merchants by providing big system features in a compact package. choose from the er-260ej raised keyboard or er-265ej flat keyboard style.






sw-1rs series scale
download brochure
the sw-1rs series doubles as a pos interface scale and a portion control scale. great for use in restaurants, cafeterias,farmer’s markets, and more. simple and easy to use. fits easily on any countertop with its small footprint





telequip t-flex coin dispenser
download brochure
proven technology to increase customer throughput
for quick serve restaurants, drive-thru lanes,
convenience stores and supermarkets






keystroke advanced pos
download brochure
keystroke advanced pos is the ultimate pos system for serious retailers and businesses with specialized automation needs. whether you operate a small startup retail store, a multi-location chain, or a well established distribution business with retail and wholesale customers – make keystroke advanced pos the cornerstone of your business automation solution.






scanners






kitchen video system






video surveillance



 










                         © a&b electronics • p.o. box 75 • lawton, iowa, 51030 •  (402) 494-2284
                     





























