






97.3 the eagle





















































 






















skip to content







menu



 


listen live




more 
					▼
▲




sign in







contests▼▲sub menu toggleeventslocal eventssubmit an eventeagle community cruiser submission▼▲sub menu toggledjseagle audio▼▲sub menu togglecontactadvertise with useagle club 




homecontests▼▲sub menu toggleeventslocal eventssubmit an eventeagle community cruiser submission▼▲sub menu toggledjseagle audio▼▲sub menu togglecontactadvertise with useagle clubsign insearch






 


scroll down

















 
























































see feature 0see feature 1see feature 2see feature 3see feature 4





latest audio











latest posts











do not miss this show!!

incredible show coming to the tidemark theatre this friday night (feb 2nd) w backbeat! why not spend...


feb 01, 2024












oh, no... what have we done...? #chia

how it started... how it's going... and... started out so promising, now such a disappointment.  i f...


jan 12, 2024












our christmas gift(s) to you! 🙂

well, i can't say 'by popular demand', but we have had a few requests to compile these in an 'easy t...


dec 22, 2023












"no, thank you..." what weird thing are you eating right now?

why do we eat what we eat when we eat it? i started thinking about the concept of sustenance and - i...


dec 19, 2023












must watch christmas movies!

i was chatting with a friend the other day about christmas movies and our favourites which we watch ...


dec 15, 2023







see more











on air now
(cklr-fm) the eagle 97.3



listen live

















recently played





more





















weather





comox valley, bc, canada
7 °c light rain, mist



powell river, bc, canada
7 °c light rain, mist






 
accessibilityprivacy policyterms of service 


copyright © 2025. all rights reserved.

this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.




 


 








