






handmade needlework counted cross stitch straight stitch long stitches hand stitched embroidered embroidery




 








sign in
sign-up















sindbad crafts


























 



home
about us
testemonials
cross stitch camel cushion
straight stitch camel cushion
embroidery three kings cushion
embroidery village cushion
straight stitch village cushion
cross stitch jars cushion
cross stitch elephant cushion1
cross stitch elephant cushion2
cross stitch coasters
ornaments
three kings table runner
cross stitch wall banner
via dolorosa
the church of the holy seplchure
the church of all nations
the monastery of the cross
the citadel tower of david
damascus gate
the western wall
the madeba map
scene of jerusalem city
the church of mount nebo
petra site
jerash site
book marks
shopping cart
contact us







 



needlework counted cross stitch & straight stitch store










welcome to orientcrafts online wholesale and retail store and suppliers of quality handmade needlework like counted cross stitch, straight stitch, embroidery or long stitch and appliqué products.

are you interested in quality hand made needle work? then you are at the right place.

our quality handmade products are made from original international brand name materials such as dmc cotton threads, anchor, vog and aida canvas.

we produce counted cross stitch, straight stitch and hand embroidered or long stitch cushions or cushion covers, table runners, coasters, ornaments, book marks and wall hangings or wall banners, hand stitched charts ready to be framed besides oil paintings.

our stitching team members are well trained, qualified and experienced to produce high level of world quality handmade needlework products that satisfies customers.

among our hand stitched products we produce cross stitch camel cushion, cross stitch jars cushion, embroidery or straight stitch camel cushions with different patterns or charts, long stitch hand embroidered village cushion with different scenes, counted cross stitch cushions with biblical verses and 
christian content, cross stitch camels table runner, cross stitch three kings table runner, hand embroidery camels table runner, long stitch village table runner.

we also produce handmade needlework of counted cross stitch camel coasters and counted cross stitch three kings ornaments especially used to decorate for christmas.

as for book marks you will find interesting variety of christian content and holy bible verses counted cross stitch book marks with matching images.

orientcrafts products are not only wonderful to add a special touch to your 
home or office but also favorite and suitable for gifts and money worth shopping besides they are good selling items for your shop.

many of our counted cross stitch, straight stitch embroidery or long stitch charts and patterns are inspired from middle eastern and international culture with christian and interesting traditional content, and all of our products are hand stitched with pride by our well trained and skillful manmade stitching
team.



dear customer, orientcrafts is pleased to inform you that we soon launch our latest counted cross stitch valuable and quality hand stitched pieces of other famous and historical sites of jordan and israel, including: the church of mount nebo, jerash, petra, besides international charts like old mcdonald farm, cats, and more. if interested in further details, please e-mail us to: ndean9@yahoo.com














need vinyl banners? visit:
http://www.valuesign.org
http://www.valuesign.org/pre_made_banners.html
http://www.valuesign.org/custom_banners.html
http://www.valuesign.org/big_sale_banners.html
http://www.valuesign.org/grand_opening_banners.html
 


























218458



 





















































