





rolling hills villa, luxury 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom vacation rental home with private pool in orlando kissimmee florida

























≡

home
villa details
gallery
golf
location
rates & availability
terms
contact us





luxury orlando vacation home for the discerning traveller
disney vacation rentals that offer relaxed living and easy access to everything that has made central florida the vacation capital of the   world.
rolling hills is just 2â½ miles from walt disney world theme parks and is ideally located whether you want to enjoy a relaxed orlando vacation or spend all your time at the attractions.
we're not the cheapest but we're one of the nearest!
rolling hills villa is a fabulous orlando vacation home rental set amongst the surrounding rolling hills; it is a tranquil spot that belies its proximity to the nearby theme parks.
yet in minutes you can sample everything that has made florida the holiday and vacation centre of the world.      
do you come on holiday to sit in the car queuing or do you bring your family to see the theme parks? staying at a location such as ours cuts down the time you spend in your car and gives you more time chilling out with the mouse! you can also come back at lunch for a rest and a swim in the pool - and return in time re-charged for the evening.
the villa is owned by marc parent & sylvie lortie and we wish to welcome you to our home.






family room





back master bedroom





games room





exclusive disney vacation rental
our home has 2 comfortable master suites and offers the following:


south-facing pool overlooks conservation. free-standing hot tub and spa with 13 jets. 
2 spacious master suites with king-size beds, en-suite bathrooms and walk-in wardrobes.
2 twin bedded rooms with large wardrobes share the third bathroom.
a winnie-the-pooh themed room with adult comforters in the cupboard for older guests!
games area with pool table, foosball, electronic darts and air-hockey.
ps2 with 2 consoles and games, dvd player + movies.
wi-fi free broadband (high speed) internet access.
fully equipped kitchen for all your holiday needs and more.
vaulted family room with cable tv, dvd, vcr and stereo radio/cd player.
5 cable tvs, 3 with vcrs, dvd player + movies.
hairdryers in all bathrooms.
all linen and towels included - plus beach towels.
free travel cot/crib and high chair.
free toddler bed guard, toddler seat and stroller available for your use.
free standing charcoal bbq.


the home is attractively furnished to a high standard throughout and   we have added lots of extras to make your vacation as enjoyable as   possible.
click for a more detailed description




home • 
villa details • 
gallery • 
golf • 
location • 
rates & availability • 
terms • 
contact us

 
©2017-2020 rolling hills villa in florida • slg - web design hull • sitemap





