



	personal trainer certification | personal training certification | ncsf

















menu









personal trainer
strength coach
sport nutrition
master trainer
specializations
recertification


join
careers
about



my account






x



personal trainer
ready to get certified?
test your knowledge


sample exam






chat
promotions
military personnel
payment plan
sample exams

this website uses cookies to enhance your experience. by continuing to use this site, you are consenting to our use of cookies. learn morex




warm up this winter !


limited time
all certifications 40% off

learn more











millions of lives changed
for over 25 years the national council on strength and fitness has been an international leader in high quality education, training and advocacy for exercise professionals.




160+countries


325,000+educated professionals


1 missioninspire you to be your best










all certification exams can be taken online or at your local testing center











become a certified personal trainer


our ncca accredited personal trainer certification ensures you have the skill and industry recognition necessary to succeed.


learn more







sport nutrition specialist


learn what fuels elite athletic performance and learn how to use advanced nutritional science to optimize training and athletic performance results.


learn more







certified strength coach


learn advanced training concepts to optimize athletic development and sport performance with the certified strength coach program.


learn more







master trainer


develop the knowledge that exceeds most college and university programs and be highly employable across the health, fitness, and sport sectors.


learn more









				teaming up with the ncsf has allowed our fitness team to obtain knowledge and skills far beyond that of the typical trainer, and allows us to provide superior training services to our members.
				


jeff monaco
national education manager
gold's gym international






why choose the ncsf?


professionals that increased earningswith their ncsf certification.


graduate satisfaction rating.


would recommend to a family member or friend.


* data from indeed, google & facebook 


your career journey






enroll in the program
all the necessary study tools for your career success are accessible from your account. study anywhere, anytime.




become a certified personal trainer
earn your personal trainer certification and begin practicing as a certified professional.




earn your sport nutrition qualification
move your certification status upwards by becoming a nutrition specialist and apply cutting-edge nutritional concepts aimed at improved health, fitness and performance.




become a certified strength coach
become recognized as a expert by earning the strength and conditioning credential requirements of the ncaa for practicing strength coaches.




master trainer status
master trainers are the highest paid exercise professionals in sports clubs and fitness facilities using tier systems. reach the pinnacle and select your work setting.






start today





strong relationships make stronger partnerships

the ncsf is proud to have partnerships with the top health clubs and industry organizations. our continued effort for collegial support and advocacy provides our exercise professionals with career opportunities in the health and fitness industry worldwide.
join the movement and help change lives in your community


























































global recognition


nccaaccreditation



 usreps



europeactiveaccreditation






pro bundles
earn multiple industry leading credentials with this unique opportunity and increase your earning potential





save50%

personal trainer &strength coach
learn more





save50%

personal trainer &sport nutrition
learn more





save50%

master trainerprogram
learn more





need help? our team is ready to assist:  1 800 772 6273









certification

personal trainer
certified strength coach
sport nutrition specialist
examination
military
academics
en español



organization

about
mission
accreditation
governance
usreps
conduct
advocacy 



professionals

recertify
blog
ceu courses
career center
membership
partner with us



customer service

contact
test centers
chat
payment plan
credential verification
sample tests











contact us
privacy policy
terms of use
site map



copyright 2025, national council on strength and fitness. all rights reserved.






ncsf live chat











>


xhave questions?
   

















