



























captain cooks casino™ | official website















forgot your account/password?



english



english
österreich (deutsch)
français


login








                                menu
                                










home
signup bonus
casino games
winners list
contact us
play now!










captain cooks casino offers you





become a millionaire now!

click hereto play now







                +get a 100% bonus up to $100 on your second deposit
            



play our blockbuster games at captain cooks casino

























since 2000


weekly bonus offers and the best online casino loyalty program offering you free casino bonuses for your gameplay
safe and secure gaming - 3rd party certified 
established in 2000 and trusted by players worldwide





become an instant millionaire at captain cooks casino!



i.r. won $3.3 million
after a few spins, that’s when it happened, the jackpot wheel came down on the screen. i thought maybe there was something wrong; i never thought it was meant to be $3 million. keep having fun and remember, somebody wins and it could be you!





g.m. won $3.9 million
i got sent a free birthday bonus and just gave it a go! i play it for entertainment, and that’s what i was doing when i won – playing for fun. my advice to other players is this: as long as you’re having fun at it, you never know, it may happen to you. it’s true, it happens. here i am!





f.d. won €4.3 million
i was playing last night after work and then went to sleep. i unexpectedly woke up in the middle of the night, started playing again and that's when i won the 4.3 million!





m.g. won €4.2 million
you can trust the casino and believe them when they say you have won!








click hereto play now




over 1000 online casino games available!
including the famous 



blackjack

play online blackjack




video poker

play online video poker




video slots

play online video slots




roulette

play online roulette












deposit - get 100 chances to become an instant millionaire for just $5!
deposit - 100% match bonus (up to $100)
deposit - 50% match bonus (up to $150)
deposit - 25% match bonus (up to $125)
deposit - 100% match bonus (up to $100)







captain cooks casino offers you





become a millionaire now!

click hereto play now













about us
faq
privacy policy
responsible gambling
fair play
terms and conditions
casino affiliate program




19






affiliate id: typein_ccc: 














