

 





submit a pilot - channel 101

























































 skip to primary navigation skip to main contentchannel 101catch the magic!submit
about
donate
contact us










submit a pilot
everyone in the world is invited to submit a channel 101 pilot.
make the first episode of any kind of show you want, no longer than 5 minutes. do not strive to fill 5 minutes. it can be five seconds long. 5 minutes is the absolute maximum.
here are some things that don’t tend to work. no rule against them, but just so you know, these things never get into the show:

five minutes of your recently taped live improv show, shot from the back of a black box theatre, entitled “[name of troupe] tv” or “the [name of troupe] show.”
a five minute …movie trailer…for your tv show? i don’t get it. “in a world…?” come on, man. think about it.
thirteen five minute excerpts from your cable access show. with your big long enclosed letter about which episode we’re supposed to show the second month, after you get picked up.
the five minute cut of your old-ass, hack-ass, long-ass short film, entitled “[name of short film] episode 1” or “the [name of director/lead character] files: episode 1: [name of short film].” if you do not know the difference between a short film and a five minute pilot, here is the most crucial one: if they were holding remotes, would the audience be likely to flip around during your submission? if yes, you have submitted a short film.

your show has to have some kind of title that will be seen on screen. you don’t necessarily have to create an elaborate title sequence, but your show has to have a name, and the people watching it have to know what that name is, because they’ll have a ballot sheet in front of them.
submit online!
you can now submit a private upload (such as a private youtube or vimeo link) via our form below:




submission form

your name:(required)


first



last

email contact for the show:(required)

the title of the show:(required)names of the shows creators:(required)(line separated)link to the show:(required)

(private youtube or vimeo link)password for video:(required)(if no password is required use “none”)captcha
 














don't just watch, submit a pilot today! submit now
copyright © 2025 · channel 101submit
about
donate
contact us
 






















