






















    714-901-8400  |  contact us  
liberating the cleaning world at work!




machines


air mover
burnishers
floor machines
vacuum equipment



accessories

brushes & pad drivers

solution tank


literature/catalogs

catalogs
sell sheets
parts lists
wiring diagrams
operating manuals
equipment training videos
features and benefits videos


private label

program
contact


support

schedule a demo
warranty

service centers
equipment training videos
features and benefits videos
gsa advantage
schedule a demo


about us

overview
about "us"
new products
news
trade show schedule
contact a sales rep
find a distributor
become a distributor

contact us



 










 our machinesat ultimate solutions, we have a machine perfect for every job. let us help you get the job done!
                                           
air movers
burnishers
floor machines
vacuum equipment







call for gsa pricing!
gs-07f-140ca
 click here to order online











the original floor machine
hard floor care from ultimate solutions
for over 50 years, the mercury floor machines division of ultimate solutions has crafted high durability, high performance floor maintenance machines to exacting standards. with a dynamic, expanding product line, team ultimate solutions is poised for growth, providing you with the finest global floor care solutions. the results are enjoyed throughout the world. we believe that client excellence, premier quality and dynamic value, backed by our “best warranty on the planet” program, are the key ingredients to our distributors’ ultimate success. we also provide custom private labeling with minimal start-up orders. we take pride in the fact that our high performance products are built to last in the united states!
                   



ultimate solutions - our family of companies
 



           it's with great excitement and promise that we gratefully announce the consolidation of our current family of brands, now aligned, re-born and re-branded as ultimate solutions or "us"! we are now your worldwide vertically-integrated "nurturing companion" dedicated to empowering, transforming and liberating your cleaning world at work. ultimate solutions is currently celebrating our championship team's unmatched ability to "surprise and delight" you locally, while sourcing globally from our own worldwide factories.
           






manufacturers sales reps






               with sales reps and distributors throughout the country, we aim to provide excellent service to our clients. use the links below to help us connect you with a sales rep or distributor in your area.
                 

resources
find an authorized warranty service center
contact a manufacturers sales rep
find a distributor
become a distributor
learn how to put your brand on our products!





catalogs  |
parts lists & schematic drawings  |
operating manuals  |
equipment training videos  |
sell sheets  |
warranty  |



news  |
trade show schedule  |
contact a sales rep  |
find a distributor  |
become a distributor  |

contact us  |
employee login  |
site map



© 2020 ultimate solutions | mercury floor machines - all rights reserved



