








dynamic life coaching | productive partnerships to fulfill your dreams









































 
















dynamic life coaching
productive partnerships to fulfill your dreams



menu
skip to content
your world-class life
business coaching
dynamic life coaching

dynamic life coaching overview
a coaching partnership for growth
deep foundational change
integrative depth coaching theory
dynamic relationship coaching


gifted adult coaching

gifted adult coaching
high productivity growth for gifted adults
fulfilling the potential of gifted adults
are you gifted?
challenges of the gifted adult

gifted adults: the curse of being blessed
gifted adult alienation
gifted adult intensity
gifted adult search for identity
self-harm and the gifted adult
gifted and perfectionist
existential depression and the gifted adult
gifted low achievement




about

about you: your qualities
about you: my belief about you
my cv
about me: objective truth
about me: subjective truth
clients’ stories
testimonials


who, how, and how much?

your next step
how to choose your life coach
questions for your coach
skype, ‘phone and online
working arrangements and fees
payment form


 

search for:



 







your world-class life


“by mutual confidence and mutual aid,
 great deeds are done and great discoveries made.”
alexander pope: “homer’s iliad.”
is the pursuit of excellence – even of ‘perfection’ – fundamental to your sense of wellbeing?
if so, it’s quite likely that you find yourself experiencing self-doubt, loneliness and a constant chatter of self-questioning. your questions probably concern not only the best way to reach your goals but also the validity of the goals themselves.
lasting excellence cannot be built on uncertainty. it requires a stable inner self to provide a strong platform to support the courage to innovate, to challenge, to persist in the face of external resistance.
you can build that platform through dynamic life coaching (dlc). this is a deep and intensive form of life coaching designed to create an immensely resilient, profound and sustaining inner structure.
dlc was originally designed to satisfy the challenging requirements of the most demanding clients: gifted, talented and creative adults. it is therefore highly effective with all those who demand a powerful resource to support their own unique growth toward excellence.
making contact
if you want to find out more than this web site contains about this depth form of life coaching, please feel free to contact me via the form below.
i offer a 50-minute exploratory  session for you to get to know me and to ask any questions you may have. there is no charge for this. it can be  by skype, facetime or telephone. (see: ‘your next step‘).
if we decide we have the makings of a productive partnership, i can work with you in person, online or over the telephone almost anywhere in the world. my coaching clients live and work in the usa, europe, south america and australasia and typically ‘meet’ with me every week. i accept credit card payments for easy fee processing.
this site is a dynamic resource and i will be adding more information related to the special issues covered here. if you would like to be advised by email when i make a significant addition, please sign up for ‘dynamic living’ by entering your email address in the form at top right.
read on. enjoy your visit. i hope we may work fruitfully together.
christopher
p.s. check out the possibilities for relationship coaching, too, on the dynamic partnership coaching page


 
 


if you are a human and are seeing this field, please leave it blank.			




fields marked with an * are required


name * 






email * 






message * 






please click in the box to confirm that you are not a bot * 

































sign up for a ‘dynamic life’! sign up to keep informed on how to build and sustain a world-class life.












subscribe

your email address will be used for no other purpose.
 contact:

i hope this information has been helpful to you. if you would like to find out more about dynamic life coaching or myself, please email or call to schedule a free 50-minute discussion by ‘phone, skype or facetime.


christopher j. coulson
toll-free (from n. america):
1-866-364-4013
from uk:
+44 7751 401 201


 






privacy policy
terms of service
 





 























