sweet adeline | the official elliott smith site - by fans






 










v 
         







 
 










  
        




sweet 
          adeline on facebook 
 kinda been 
          finding it easier to update elliott/site news on the sweet adeline facebook 
          page lately. please visit it for the latest info while i figure out 
          changes to the site! you don't have to be a member of facebook to see 
          the page! to visit please click below:
http://www.facebook.com/sweetadelinenet

(4.26.13) 
          

a 
          day of rememberence and check out killrockstars.com for news about elliott
 we remember 
          elliott on this day for not only being an amazing artist but for being 
          a wonderful and beautiful soul! we still miss him dearly and we hope 
          you are remembering fondly the day(s) he lived. 
check out 
          kill rock stars today. they 
          are planning to have some cool news about elliott. they already posted 
          some wonderful news & specials in celebration of what would have 
          been elliott's 43rd birthday. here are some of the stuff they are already 
          doing: 
"august 
          6 would have been elliott smith's 43rd birthday, and to mark the occassion, 
          his former label kill rock stars is sharing a series of rare, unreleased 
          tracks. it starts with a version of "alameda", 
          recorded during the same sessions that yielded the album version featured 
          on smith's essential 1997 release either/or. this version contains alternate 
          lyrics during the chorus. kill rock stars will also reissue either/or 
          and smith's self-titled 
          1995 album on 180-gram vinyl this month, in honor of smith's birthday.
on august 
          6, kill rock stars will sell its 2010 smith compilation an 
          introduction to... for $4.99 all day. you'll also receive "a 
          present" from the label if you sign up for their mailing list that 
          day.
throughout 
          august, smith's entire kill rock stars output (elliott 
          smith: the indie years) will be available digitally for $49. and 
          for the duration of 2012, any kill rock stars mailorder purchase will 
          be accompanied by a 10% off coupon for their smith offerings." 
          (8.6.12) 

heaven 
          adores you (an elliott smith project), rare unfinished elliott song 
          leaks online & chris buck finds xo color clip tests!
 nickolas 
          rossi made a beautiful tribute 
          using his own footage and photos from the solutions wall with elliott's 
          song ' the biggest lie' which has been viewed by over 738,451 times 
          on youtube a few years ago. now, he is planning to make a project directly 
          related to elliott called 'heaven adores you (an elliott smith) project' 
          and is asking for help! nickolas has set up a kickstarter 
          page to help bring the project together while offering some incentives 
          if you help with the project. as of november 17th, they’ve reached 
          $2,670 out of their $12,500 goal and they have 26 days left to go. sadly, 
          they won’t receive any of those pledges unless the kickstarter 
          goal is met by the 13th, so they really need the help! if you can contribute, 
          please do! here is the link to their kickstarter page where you can 
          donate and get an idea of the direction that the project is going with 
          a video:
http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/916981803/heaven-adores-you-an-elliott-smith-project
here is more info 
          about it: "heaven adores you" is an intimate and meditative 
          look at the influence that elliott smith has had since his tragic passing 
          in 2003. by threading together musical performances of those influenced 
          by the music of elliott smith, through the lush and often isolating 
          images of the three major cites he lived in throughout his short life 
          (portland, or, new york, ny and los angeles, ca), this film will go 
          beyond your average "behind the music" documentary by offering 
          a visual journey and an intimate look at the singer's prolific songwriting, 
          and the impact that he had on his fans and other musicians today. this 
          project aims to be a celebration of elliott smith, his contributions 
          to the music industry and exploration of his posthumous influence on 
          the artistic endeavors of those within the global community.
we hope you will 
          be willing to contribute and be an essential a part of the project by 
          helping. you can also get more information by visiting their facebook 
          page: heaven 
          adoes you (an elliott smith project) facebook. thanks for considering 
          it!
thank you 
          to alex, leila, griffin, and eddie for letting us know that a previously 
          unknown song that is being called 'misery let me down' has appeared 
          online. the song comes up as a warm up song for a radio show elliott 
          was playing at around 1997. the song is incomplete because elliott decides 
          to stop playing the song a few minutes into it but there is enough to 
          give the listener an idea of the direction of the song and the quality 
          of the recording is great. it is unknown if elliott recorded the song 
          in anyway. if you would like more info about, go to this sweet 
          addy link. if you would like to hear the song directly, please go 
          here:
elliott 
          smith - 'misery let me down' mp3
thank you to chris 
          buck for emailing and letting us know that he recently found some 
          of the color images from his photo session with elliott to promote elliott's 
          xo record. they were considered lost but chris found them recently and 
          posted a blog about the session with unreleased images and behind the 
          scenes information from his point of view! he always has cool background 
          stories about the photos he posts. to check out his post and see unreleased 
          photos from the xo promo sessions, please go here: 
http://chrisbucknews.wordpress.com/2011/11/10/digging-up-elliott-smith/(11/17/11)

10/21/11
 8 years 
          gone...not 1 day forgotten.....xo (10/21/11)

happy 
          birthday, elliott and suicide squeeze records are giving away division 
          day in remeberance 
 we wanted 
          to remember elliott on his birthday. elliott is of course missed and 
          is on our mind today and many other days. we wish all that love elliott 
          a nice day of rememberance. 
to honor 
          this day, suicide 
          squeeze records is amazingly offering to giveaway elliott’s 
          “division day” cd-ep on elliott's birthday, august 6, 2011. 
          supply is very limited if you are interested and all you need to be 
          responsible for is the cost of postage and the padded envelope necessary 
          for shipping. here is what david at suicide squeeze records had to say 
          about the giveaway:
"saturday, 
          august 6th was elliott smith’s birthday. i can vividly remember 
          visiting los angeles shortly after his death. the memorial wall, on 
          sunset boulevard, where he once posed for the cover shot of his album, 
          “figure 8,” with it’s iconic red and black lines, 
          was already covered with poems and short messages from fans shocked 
          by the loss. candles burned on the sidewalk. and the writing was personal 
          and varied. the one line that read, “this wasn’t music as 
          much as it was medicine,” burned its way into my brain. indeed.
so, in fond 
          remembrance we’re giving away copies of elliott’s “division 
          day” cd-ep. the give-away will commence at 9 a.m. on august 6, 
          2011. supplies are extremely limited. customers are only responsible 
          for the cost of postage and the padded envelope necessary for shipping. 
          no up-charge!
the cost 
          breakdown looks like this: us - $2.06 ($1.71 shipping, .35 envelope); 
          canada - $2.59 ($2.24 shipping, .35 envelope); world - $3.81 (shipping 
          $3.46, .35 envelope). the songs “division day,” & “no 
          name #6” appear on each copy."
if you would 
          like more info, please visit: http://suicidesqueezerecords.tumblr.com 
          on august 6th! again, thanks to david for the thoughtful gesture in 
          elliott's honor. he truly has always been a great supporter of elliott 
          and the fans. we have always appreicated his kindness. (8.5.11)

roman 
          candle (remastered) & from a basement on the hill (rerelease) out 
          now in n america, australia, and japan!
 today 
          marks the release of roman candle (remastered) and from a basement on 
          the hill (rerelease) from kill rock stars. please check out your local 
          record store for availability! some fans who pre-ordered the album received 
          the album early and if you were one of the first 300 fans to pre-order 
          either album or both got a free poster of a rare picture of elliott. 
          the poster also advertises both releases by jj gonson. these releases 
          will be on kill rock stars in n america, australia, and japan and are 
          available in 180 gram vinyl, regular vinyl and cd. this also marks the 
          first time roman candle has been released on vinyl for the first time 
          in the u.s.! if you are unable to pick up a copy of roman candle in 
          your hometown in n america, australia, and japan, please order it from 
          kill rock stars' online store by click on either link below:
roman candle 
          - http://www.buyolympia.com/killrockstars/item=krs523
          basement - http://www.buyolympia.com/killrockstars/item=krs524
if 
          you would like to see a larger picture of the ad above from kill rock 
          stars or the free poster that came with pre-orders on the left, please 
          click on the pictures to see a larger version!
for fans 
          outside of n america, australia, and japan, domino recording co is releasing 
          the remastered version of roman candle on may 4, 2010. available for 
          pre-order! for more info, please go here: 
roman candle 
          - http://www.dominorecordco.com/uk/reissues/17-02-10/roman-candle/
thanks to 
          krs, domino, larry crane, roger seibel and elliott's family for the 
          wonderful work that they do! thanks to all fans who are considering 
          picking up the records too! (4.6.10)

free 
          elliott mp3s, u.k. roman candle pre-order, up in the air & sweet 
          addy
 in anticipation 
          of the upcoming reissues of roman candle and from a basement on the 
          hill, kill rock stars has released 
          two free mp3s to sample from the releases. 'last call' is the first 
          glimpse of the remastered roman candle album that roger seibel and larry 
          crane, editor of tape op magazine and archivist for elliott's family, 
          remastered. krs will also be releasing roman candle on vinyl for the 
          first time in the u.s. the other song is 'twilight' from 'from a basement 
          on the hill' album. originally released by anti-, krs now has the rights 
          to released the record and krs is now the home for all of elliott smith's 
          independent releases which include: roman candle, elliott smith, either/or, 
          from a basement on the hill, and new moon. the reissues of roman candle 
          and from a basement on the hill will be released april 6, 2010 in the 
          u.s. here are the mp3 if you would like to download them for free:
last 
          call 
twilight

pre-ordering 
          info from kill rock stars will be coming soon! (thanks to sylvie and 
          tobi for the info!)
thanks to 
          fraser for letting us know that domino recording co. in the u.k. are 
          also repressing roman candle for release on may 4, 2010. fans in europe, 
          asia and i think australia will be able to pre-order the album right 
          now from domino recording co. for more info about the release or to 
          pre-order from domino, please go here:http://www.dominorecordco.com/uk/reissues/17-02-10/roman-candle
thanks to 
          everyone who emailed me to let me know that elliott's song 'angel in 
          the snow' appeared in the oscar nominated film, 'up in the air.' the 
          song also appears on the 'up in the air' soundtrack. the dvd will be 
          out march 9th. if you haven't seen it yet, i think the whole song is 
          used in a really nice montage of moments in the film. good luck to the 
          film makers on oscar night!
recently, 
          sweet addy made a nice change 
          in it's organization of the discussion board. now there are 2 sections. 
          one for elliott only discussion and another for fans of elliott to discuss 
          things as a community. it's a nice change and one of the more positive 
          things that i've seen come from it is a few news items that were new 
          to me and i had to pass along on the site.
the first 
          is from llaurens. she posted a great article by margie boule called 
          'the truth about elliott smith.' it touches on about the myths that 
          have appeared over time about elliott even if lead to helping out good 
          causes. one of the nicest and rare things about the article are the 
          comments from elliott's father, gary, and step-mother, marta. the article 
          has insight to their thought who elliott really was vs. the perception 
          others have created about elliott. the article is no longer on the oregonian 
          website but it is on sweet addy. if you would like to check out the 
          article, please go here: the 
          truth about elliott smith
another 
          post is from laclos. he maintains deadmelodies.com (which i missed because 
          it's an awesome resource of elliott videos and live songs! really cool 
          site) the latest update to the site features a rare interview with elliott, 
          neil and tony from heatmiser. it's a really rare video for a tv show 
          pilot in 1996. to check out the video go here: heatmiser 
          video and don't forget to check out the rest of dead 
          melodies!
finally 
          (for now), larry crane not only posted to a link to his new website, 
          larry-crane.com but he also 
          posted some rare pictures from elliott's xo sessions in 98 and one from 
          1997 from when elliott was helping/recording at jackpot! to check out 
          the pictures here: xo 
          sessions & jackpot!
hope to 
          be back soon with more sweet addy posts and an update on the upcoming 
          krs reissues of roman candle and from a basement on the hill! (3.7.10)

roman 
          candle & from a basement on the hill join kill rock stars' catalog 
          & xmas gifts
 thank you 
          to maggie for sending us this huge news about roman candle (remastered 
          and on vinyl in the u.s. for the first time) and from a basement on 
          the hill joining their catalog! here is the press release about the 
          news plus a free and rare download of "cecilia/amanda"!
"kill 
          rock stars is very excited to announce that on april 6th, 2010 we will 
          be adding elliott smith’s roman candle and from a basement on 
          the hill records to our catalog. 

          roman candle is elliott smith’s first solo album and was originally 
          released on portland’s cavity search records in 1994.
roman candle had 
          quite an impact on slim moon, kill rock stars' founder: "in 1994, 
          i had been asked to be on this five-person solo-act tour called pop 
          chord with tammy watson, carrie akre, sean croghan and elliott smith. 
          the first night at the crocodile in seattle, i didn't pay too much attention 
          and people talked all thru elliott's set. sean croghan got up next and 
          said "all of you people who just talked through elliott's set are 
          bummed because you just misssed something very very special." the 
          next night of the tour, at the bottom of the hill in san francisco, 
          i listened very closely to elliott's set, and it was basically one of 
          those life-changing moments. instead of watching the rest of the performers, 
          i went out to the tour van and popped roman candle into the player, 
          and listened to it on endless repeat for the rest of the evening and 
          beyond. it completely blew my mind. i have never heard music as heartwrenchingly, 
          gut-checkingly honest, intimate, and wise - before or since."

          roman candle has been remastered for the re-release by larry crane, 
          editor of tape op magazine and archivist for elliott's family. 

          larry explains, “the intention that i had was to make the album 
          more listenable. i felt that a lot of the guitar “squeaks” 
          were jarring and very loud, and that many of the hard consonants and 
          “s” sounds were jarring and scratchy sounding. i felt by 
          reducing these noises that the music would become more inviting and 
          the sound would serve the songs better. when i went to roger seibel's 
          sae mastering, he proceeded to equalize the tracks a small amount and 
          to make the volume slightly louder. we never tried to make this cd as 
          loud as current, over-limited trends, but just to match the volume of 
          the rest of elliott’s krs catalog in a graceful way. please note 
          that none of this album is “remixed” from the master tapes 
          - it is still composed of the mixes elliott created himself.”

          we will also be releasing roman candle on vinyl for the first time in 
          the u.s. 

          from a basement on the hill was released posthumously in 2004 on anti- 
          records. 

          with the addition of these two records kill rock stars is now the home 
          for all of elliott smith’s independent releases: roman candle, 
          elliott smith, either/or, from a basement on the hill, and new moon. 
          

          to celebrate the addition of these amazing records we are giving away 
          a free, previously unreleased song entitled "cecilia/amanda". 
          it was recorded at jackpot! recording studio in 1997 by larry crane. 
          an earlier version of this song was initially written and recorded by 
          elliott's high school band, stranger than fiction, and was known as 
          "time is ours now". "cecilia/amanda" is a reworking 
          of that song with almost completely different lyrics. download/listen 
          here: http://i.listentokrs.com/bands/elliottsmith/audio/ceciliaamanda.mp3. 
          
our elliott 
          smith back catalog is also on sale until january 4th in our mail order 
          (http://www.buyolympia.com/killrockstars) 
          and on itunes.  
also check 
          the official elliott smith store to buy elliott merchandise for your 
          gift for your love ones or yourself for this holiday season! remember 
          proceeds from the sale of the merchandise goes to the elliott smith 
          memorial fund! to visit the elliott smith official store please go here: 
          elliott 
          smith official store. (12/15/09)

thinking 
          of elliott
 we would 
          like to take a moment to remember elliott on this day, october 21st. 
          6 years ago we lost a wonderful gentleman and musician. thank you all 
          for helping keep his memory alive! he is truly missed. xo (10.21.09)

4th 
          annual elliott smith tribute show in lansing, il
thank 
          you to michael for emailing us info about this upcoming weekend's (saturday, 
          august 22nd) tribute show in lansing, il. this is the 4th year they 
          have hosted a tribute to elliott and some of the proceeds will be donated 
          to the elliott smith 
          memorial fund! :) here is michael with information about the tribute:
what: 4th 
          annual elliott smith tribute show
          when: saturday, august 22, 2009
          time: 6:45 p.m.
          cost: 7$ (with free button and 5$ going to the elliott smith memorial 
          fund)
          where: stand up comics
          3429 ridge road
          lansing, il 60438
          who: the electric toad, 
          radio pictures
elliott 
          smith buttons will also be for sale (2 for 1$) with all proceeds going 
          to the elliott smith memorial fund.
thanks to 
          everyone involved and supporting the esmf! 
          we hope you guys a fun night. also click on the picture to the left 
          to see a larger version of the show's flyer/poster. (8.19.09)

guitar 
          hero 5, elliott smith songbook & new moon lyrics @ krs
thank 
          you to everyone who sent this bit of news (a lot to thank) that activision's 
          upcoming release of guitar hero will include an elliott smith song! 
          guitar hero 5 is slated for 9.1.09 release and will include elliott's 
          song, l.a. from his figure 8 album! this marks the first time an elliott 
          song will make it on a video game. he will be joining 83 other artists 
          on the game as well. guitar hero 5 is available now for pre-orders on 
          the official guitar hero 5 website and you can also find additionl information 
          by going to the site here: guitar 
          hero 5. thanks again to everyone who sent this info in and everyone 
          at guitar hero for putting a link to sweet adeline!
also, 
          thanks to everyone who sent info in about the upcoming elliott smith 
          songbook. the book is written by fred sokolow who has written many instructional 
          music books. the songbook is being published by the famous songbook 
          publisher, hal leonard corporation, and it includes songs throughout 
          elliott's career. the songs announced so far include: miss misery, angeles, 
          clementine, everything means nothing to me, pretty (ugly before), say 
          yes, son of sam, waltz #2 (xo) and more. amazon has listed various dates 
          for the release but is currently listed for an august 30th release. 
          if you would like additional information or would like to pre-oder the 
          book, you can visit amazon.com. 
          if you would like more in about fred sokolow or would like to order 
          the songbook directly from fred, please visit his site, fredsokolow.com.
kill rock 
          star recently added a new lyrics page for their release of elliott's 
          new moon record to krs' official site.the lyrics were transcribed with 
          the help of philip fischer and other fans on sweet addy. it's a really 
          nice page and great resource. please go here to check the page out: 
          elliott smith 
          new moon lyrics. (8.9.09)

happy 
          birthday, 11 years and coming soon
we send 
          our warmest prayers and thoughts out into the world on what would have 
          been elliott's 40th birthday. it's hard to imagine that elliott was 
          29 when we started sweet adeline. elliott and his music is a blessing 
          to so many people and in so many ways. 40 years ago we were so lucky 
          that a wonderful person came to being. even though we think of elliott 
          on the day he passed, this is the day i choose to reflect and celebrate 
          his life on because it was the beginning of someone and something great. 
          as always we send all our love to everyone on this day and we are happy 
          to know that elliott's memory will not only last longer than 34 years...40 
          years..but it will last forever. thank you all for remembering elliott 
          especially on this special day.
i can't 
          believe i missed this anniversary but on july 11th it was sweet adeline's 
          11th year on the web. i feel really bad because i never consider this 
          site something i do or contribute to only but that it is a joint effort 
          between all of elliott's fans and i really love trying to reconize that 
          each year. thank you to everyone who has contributed to the site in 
          so many ways. i appreciate your contribution, kindness and patience. 
          thank you for all your support. i wish i could do more to thank you 
          guys. yay! for 11 years.
finally, 
          i hope to update the site with some recent news about guitar hero 5, 
          elliott smith songbook and more. hopefully this weekend! xo (8.6.09)

33 
          1/3 series xo book coming in april, larry crane interview, josie cotton, 
          magnet's the over/under + more
originally 
          listed on amazon.com 
          with a release date in mid march, amazon.com recently sent me an email 
          about shipping the new 33 1/3 book about elliott's record, 'xo,' saying 
          its planning to ship in early/mid april! continuum 
          is publishing the book and it is written by matthew lemay who has been 
          a staff writer for pitchfork media 
          for many years. here is a description of the book: 
"many 
          albums could be cited to support the claim that great suffering yields 
          great art. elliott smith’s xo should not be one of them. smith’s 
          1998 major label debut defies the “tortured singer-songwriter” 
          stereotype, and takes up this defiance as a central theme. at a time 
          when smith was being groomed for a particular (and particularly condescending) 
          brand of stardom, he produced a record that eviscerated one of the central 
          assumptions of singersongwriterdom: that pain is beautiful. xo insists 
          that romanticizing personal tragedy can only leave you “deaf and 
          dumb and done.” and it backs up this claim with some of the most 
          artful and intelligent music of its day. matthew lemay writes an original 
          take on a widely beloved album, steering clear of the sensationalist 
          suicide angles that have dogged most analysis of elliott smith's extraordinary 
          work."
if you would 
          like to pick up the book, please check your local book store or you 
          can order through amazon.com by going here: elliott 
          smith's xo (33 1/3 series)
 - thank 
          you to john and jake for sending a link to a new and really great/informative 
          interview from glorious noise with larry crane about archiving elliott's 
          music. the article features the latest information about where larry 
          is at in archiving elliott's music, what he is archving, what his thoughts 
          what the future might hold and much more!. it also includes an idea 
          of what larry has gone through some rare photos of what larry has working 
          with along with a special overseer to make sure the job gets done! to 
          read the interview, please head over to glorious noise here: elliott 
          smith's archives: the glono interview with larry crane.
 - matt 
          from magnet magazine was kind enough to send in an email about a recent 
          interview with josie cotton. josie is well know for her own music and 
          the song, “johnny, are you queer?” she also owns satellite 
          park where elliott recorded with david mcconnell while working on what 
          would be 'from a basement on the hill' songs. the interview with josie 
          brings up elliott and josie gives an idea of what elliott was doing, 
          thinking and going through at the time while at her studio. to read 
          the interview and the part about elliott, please follow this link to 
          magnet magazine: q&a 
          with josie cotton.
matt also 
          mentioned that: "...corey dubrowa, who's written extensively on 
          elliott and his work, is doing a list of overrated/underrated songs." 
          so check out to see which elliott songs makes the list by going to the 
          magnet's feature: the 
          over/under: elliott smith. thanks matt!
- thanks 
          to paul for sharing this: the professional skater dylan rieder chose 
          "coast to coast" for his segment in alien workshop's "mind 
          field."
- thanks 
          to shaun for sending this link to a neat site about book inscriptions 
          called the book incription project. he found a sweet one that is inscribed 
          in autumn de wilde's elliott smith book. you can go here to check it 
          out: through 
          the eyes of of a girl. (4.1.09)

5 
          years since you've been gone & portland radio special
every year 
          it's always hard to face this day. it's especially hard this year for 
          me since half of the site's years have been with elliott being no longer 
          with us. it goes without saying that i wish we were blessed with more 
          time with elliott in our lives but i think we are all appreciative of 
          the time elliott has been a part our lives before his passing and after. 
          the beautiful thoughts and actions by elliott and everyone who loves 
          elliott and his music outshines the bad of this day every year and will 
          forever. the tributes, the messages fans have been leaving, the personal 
          feelings and thoughts show how elliott still will be here in many ways. 
          thank you all for remembering elliott today and everyday. i know it 
          goes long way for elliott's memory but for ourselves too because this 
          shared experience means a lot to so many of us. we miss elliott dearly 
          and send love...
thank you 
          to emily for sending us info about a program that she is doing on oregon 
          public broadcasting. emily is the host of "think out loud" 
          and they are doing a a program looking at elliott's legacy called "elliott 
          smith, five years later". she will have amazing guests on and they 
          already have a super rare song ('coraliza') from elliott's pre-heatmiser 
          band with garrick duckler, 'a murder of crows', on the site through 
          the link below. here is emily with more information:
just wanted to alert 
          you to a program looking at elliott smith's legacy that's tomorrow (october 
          21, 2008) on think out loud, oregon public broadcasting's daily talk 
          show. we welcome calls and comments on our blog. the link is here:
www.opb.org/thinkoutloud 
          - just click on the "elliot smith, five years later" link.
guests on the show 
          include long-time friend and early collaborator garrick duckler, music 
          journalist corey dubrowa, heatmiser co-founder neil gust and autumn 
          de wilde, author of elliott smith. you can also hear a rare early song, 
          coraliza, by elliott smith and garrick duckler, on the site.
the show is live 
          streamed and broadcast at 9 am pacific time, and will be archived on 
          the site permanently. (10.21.08)

more 
          elliott smith tributes, radio tribute & video tribute!
yay! more 
          tributes. thank you to everyone again for making these amazing efforts 
          to remember elliott at this time in such a positive light in the hardest 
          time of year for us. you guys are amazing. thanks so much and i hope 
          everyone has a great time at these shows and the other tributes listed 
          here: tribute shows 
          page.
newtown, 
          sydney: there is going to be a tribute show at the vanguard 
          in newtown, sydney on october 21st. details are can be found at http://www.thevanguard.com.au/. 
          (thanks to matt)
montreal, 
          canada: i just wanted to let you know that i am organizing 
          a tribute show for elliott in montreal. proceeds will go to the es memorial 
          fund. the tribute show is at l'esco (4467 st. denis street (at mont 
          royal)). october 21st - live music all night! starts at 9:00. (thanks 
          kieren)
prince 
          edward island, canada: just thought you should know that there 
          is an elliott smith tribute show in a little city named charlottetown, 
          in prince edward island canada. the show is being held at baba's lounge 
          on oct 21, 2008. (thanks to dennis)
hamburg, 
          germany: i am organising an elliott smith memorial (for the 
          third time in a row now...) in hamburg, germany. i am currently working 
          on the poster and the flyers, which i will be posting soon (i would 
          be happy if you could send them via bulletin or else, when they..re 
          done). the memorial is gonna take place on friday, 24.10.2008, 10 pm 
          @ karo ecke, marktstrasse 92, 20359 hamburg (karoviertel). we'll have 
          some guitars and stuff around, anyone who feels like it, is free to 
          play some tunes. i will be showing lucky thirteen, strange parallel, 
          as well as some live shows, interviews, clippings and music videos... 
          after all the visuals i will be dj-ing, putting on a lot of elliott 
          tunes as well as country/folk, singer-songwriter and indie stuff, related 
          with or familiar to elliott's music. it's gonna be a nice, cuddly evening 
          and i hope a lot of people from the area will join me!! (thanks to saskia)
uk 
          radio tribute: 
          on tuesday the 21st of october, leeds student radio will be broadcasting 
          a tribute to elliott smith, including interviews and songs. the tribute 
          will be part of a programme called 'big elephants' and we'l be encouraging 
          people to email and text in requests and messages. the show will start 
          at 8pm uktime, but can be heard not only in the uk but around the world 
          from the stations webiste; www.lsrfm.com 
          (special thanks to rich)
video 
          tribute: thank you to cedric for sending us info about a video 
          tribute that started on the 17 and will end on 31st. here is cedric 
          with more information: i am working to produce a tribute to elliott 
          smith here in belgium...ten or more acoustic sessions with bellgian 
          and international bands, recorded and released on video on website www.lesoir.be, 
          first frenchspeaking website in belgium, the website of newspaper le 
          soir. we'll begin the hommage to elliott smith, called "ballads 
          for elliott smith", october 17 th...you can also find us on facebook. 
          http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=90437805130

acoustic 
          guitar magazine, a murder of crows, rare video interview, a tape op 
          blog and prolific!
thank 
          you to missingyou on sweet addy 
          for posting information that the latest issue of acoustic guitar magazine 
          (november 2008, issue 191) features an article and tablature for elliott's 
          song 'between the bars.' it is under the 'contemporary classic' section 
          of the magazine and it also includes lyrics and chords. the magazine 
          should be showing up on newstands now and if you would like more information 
          about what the issue is covering, please go here: acoustic 
          guitar magazine.
 last 
          week, we were lucky to get an email from collin oldham. collin played 
          cello on a track on one of elliott's early bands, a murder of crows. 
          a murder of crows was comprised of steve smith (elliott smith) and garrick 
          duckler who was previously in stranger than ficition with elliott as 
          well. the band fell between elliott's high school band, stranger than 
          fiction, and what would become heatmiser. collin recently found his 
          copy of the record and was kind enough to share this rare cover for 
          a murder of crows' from their first and only cassette, the greenhouse 
          and share his experience recording his cello part with a murder of crows. 
          thank you to collin for sharing this rare and insightful information 
          with us! here is collin with some awesome memories (p.s. click on the 
          image on the left for a larger version of it):
"well, 
          that was a long time ago, but i can tell you what i remember. my friend 
          (now sister-in-law) sara harris, was a violinist and friend of garrick 
          at lincoln hs. she had played on some earlier stranger than fiction 
          thing, and she got us together. no, wait there's another connection! 
          garrick and i were camp counselors together the previous summer (1987) 
          so he may have just called me himself. anyway, the session itself took 
          place in a basement of a house up in portland heights, near ainsworth 
          school. a basement on a hill, as it were. it was probably jason hornick's 
          parent's house. i remember meeting steve (not quite elliott to the real 
          world yet) and he was kind of quiet and intense with a dry and opaque 
          sense of humor. he was serious about the music, though, even though 
          he didn't really have all the tools yet. and as you can hear from the 
          tape, neither did i! ;) i only played on one track "chinatown." 
          i listened to the mix they had, which was pretty much everything but 
          the cello, a couple times and then went into the recording room, which 
          was a little closet under the stairs. there were no charts, and i just 
          had to figure out it was in c minor. i just improvised over the song 
          2 or 3 times, and they used what they wanted. i guess they didn't have 
          very good editing tools, because they didn't do much to save me from 
          embarrassing myself with wrong notes and aimless noodling, but ii guess 
          there are one or two good ideas in there. and that was that. one footnote: 
          after graduating from college in 1991, i moved back to portland for 
          a year, and got a job selling bread and coffee at le panier in old town. 
          elliott was making sandwiches in back. i remembered him as steve, and 
          he told me he was elliott now, and he really did seem to be much more 
          comfortable with himself. we'd sometimes hang out on break, and he'd 
          make humorous references that would blow right by me. it's a real shame 
          he's gone now. good for him for getting some good music together before 
          he went."
thanks to 
          elwin for emailing us at the the 
          official elliott smith myspace page about a rare interview that 
          they recently added to youtube. it features an interview with elliott 
          that is circa 1998 and one of the earliest live performances of 'happiness.' 
          i never even realized he played that song as early as 1998 other than 
          seeing it in the dreamworks promo film, 'strange parallel. also there 
          is a cool mention about elliott's first time ever playing at talent 
          show (he covered the beatles' blackbird). anyway here is the video:

thanks to 
          packyourownchute for posting on sweet addy that larry crane recently 
          added a blog entry to his tape 
          log blog about how is in the middle archiving and cataloging elliott's 
          music still. this quick entry talks about how larry cataloging 1.5 tb 
          of music files, how he is going about organizing it and mr.toad helped 
          with the transfers of the music and file system. it's really cool to 
          know larry is still spending a lot of time working on elliott's music 
          :) 
finally, 
          thank you to mitchell for letting us know elliott tops prolific magazine's 
          '8 best get-over-a-break-up albums' list. elliott's 'from a basement 
          on the hill' is their #1 pick. if you are interested in checking out 
          the other artists on the list including why 'from a basement on the 
          hill' is #1, please go here: prolific 
          magazine (10.7.08)
 
athens, 
          greece, new brunswick, nj, fort wayne, in, lansing, il, & japan 
          tribute updates!
thank you 
          to everyone for all the amazing updates with additional tribute shows. 
          thank you again to everyone involved. we have an amazing list of shows 
          in our tribute shows 
          page if you want to check out the latest updates. i have other tribute 
          shows to add this week too plus other news. please come back at least 
          a couple more times this week to see new updates. thanks again to everyone 
          who are putting these shows on and to fans who were kind enough to send 
          an email in to share the news :)
athens, 
          greece: thanks to for glorybox posting a message via the 
          official elliott smith myspace page that there is going to be a 
          tribute in athens, greece on october 21st. the tribute is going to be 
          at bios (peiraios 84, athens) and tickets will be sold for 3 euros and 
          proceeds will be going to charity! 11 bands will be playing and if you 
          are interested in more information, please go here.
lake 
          charles, la: the lake charles elliott smith tribute will be 
          held october 21st, 2008 at luna bar & grill in the garden. this 
          will mark 5 years since the loss of singer/songwriter elliott smith. 
          all proceeds from the event will go to the elliott smith memorial fund, 
          which donates 100% to free arts for abused children. (http://www.freearts.org/) 
          any songwriters or musicians who would like to play a few songs at the 
          benefit, contact me here. october 21st, 2008 luna bar & grill lake 
          charles, la time and price to be determined. more info soon http://www.myspace.com/elliottsmithlc.
new 
          brunswick, nj: on wednesday october 22, my band meet me in 
          montauk (www.myspace.com/mmim) 
          will be hosting an elliott smith tribute at the harvest moon in new 
          brunswick, nj. performing the music of elliott smith will be ritchie 
          monteiro, david asher, cameron boyd, billy perez, andrew goulburn and 
          matt prol. we will be playing a lot of really great material, spanning 
          elliott's career, capped off with a full band performance of some elliott 
          songs by meet me in montauk. this will mark our 3rd elliott smith tribute 
          show, the others have all gone off very well and we are expecting this 
          one to be the best yet! the harvest moon is located at 392 george st. 
          in new brunswick, nj 08901. the show will be 21+ and should be starting 
          at 10 pm. please come out and join us in a celebration of elliott's 
          life. if there are any questions please contact me via the meet me in 
          montauk myspace page linked above. hope to see you there! (special thanks 
          to andrew)
fort 
          wayne, in: hey, i just wanted to let you know,ii am hosting 
          an elliott smith tribute show in fort wayne, indiana on friday, october 
          24th! it's going to be at the brass rail (1121 broadway, fort wayne, 
          in 46802). show will probably start at 10pm. 21 and older only. iight 
          long. it will feature local musicians/bands doing elliott smith covers 
          all night long. the main band playing is lee miles & the illegitimate 
          sons. there also will be others. anyone interested in playing at it 
          should send me a message at kelljm02@gmail.com. thanks! (special thanks 
          to jon!)
lansing, 
          il: i'm writing to let you know about another tribute show. 
          for the the third year in a row, we are having our elliott sith tribute 
          show in lansing,ill (just south of chicago). the date is october 25th, 
          and begins at 6 pm. the shop is located at 3429 ridge rd. in lansing. 
          we haven't decided on exactly what the cover will be but it will go 
          to charity. the only confirmed acts we have so far are matt heckler, 
          todd stephanuik, and matthew novak. we are looking for more local musicians 
          who adore mr. smith to play, so please have them e-mail me at theysangthesolo@gmail.com 
          --- thanks a bundle. special thanks to matt!)
japan 
          update: i thought that i would let you know when and 
          where the concert is for those people that may be in japan but cannot 
          read japanese. the concert was actually moved to november 1st and will 
          be in hiroshima at the yokugawa cinema. advance tickets are 3300yen 
          (about $33) and tickets at the door are 3800yen (about $38). the doors 
          open at 6pm and the concert starts at 7pm. the title of the concert 
          is future butterfly - tribute to elliott smith.
title: future 
          butterfly - tribute to elliott smith tribute
          by shugo tokumaru + kicell
          location is in hiroshima - yokogawa cinema roughly
          40~60 minutes from hiroshima airport.
          tickets pre-sale are roughly:
          $31.00 presale ?3,300(d?)
          $36.00 at the door ?3,800(d?) (special thanks to karl and malixi) (10.06.08)

kansas 
          city, mo, london, omaha, nebraska, and japan tributes/memorials
how awesome 
          :) we got some more tributes/memorial shows to post. thanks again to 
          anyone who does these kind of shows and get togethers. it is really 
          awesome of you guys. don't forget to check out our tribute 
          shows page to get a complete listing of the tribute shows coming 
          up.
kansas 
          city, mo: this will be the third installment of the elliott 
          smith memorial show! our feelers are out on some repeat musicians, and 
          we''d also like to extend an invitation to anyone in our area who would 
          be willing to take the time to learn the songs of elliott smith and 
          perform them for an appreciative crowd. it is a benefit show that, in 
          the past, has raised over $1600 for underprivileged children to learn 
          to play an instrument, which has proven to be an excellent booster of 
          intellect and ability to learn standard academics.
 * where: the brick, 1727 mcgee, kansas city, mo * sunday, oct. 19 
          @ 10p.m. *cost: $5 - $7 * age limit: 21+ (thanks to jeremy for sending 
          this in!)
london: 
          just thought i'd let you know that to mark the 5th anniversary of the 
          passing of the greatest songwriter of our generation, the following 
          event will be taking place in london to raise money for esmf:

          21st october 2008
          'a fond farewell - a tribute to elliott smith 1969-2003', the fox & 
          firkin, lewisham high street, lewisham, london se13

          dexy (http://www.myspace.com/dexyspace), 
          ross drummond (http://www.myspace.com/rossdaviddrummond), 
          the new happiness (http://www.myspace.com/thenewhappiness)

          all playing sets of elliott/heatmiser songs. it is free entry as most 
          shows at this bar are, but we will be encouraging people to give as 
          generously as possible to esmf. the bar manager has already said that 
          they will be making a contribution and all of us playing will be donating 
          the money we would make from the show to esmf. please do come along 
          london people and help us celebrate elliott's life and music. (thanks 
          to dexy for sending this in!)
omaha, 
          nebraska: i'd appriciate it very much if you wouldn't mind 
          posting a blog or bulletins about an event being held in omaha on the 
          21st of october. i've contacted saddle creek records and a few local 
          organizations asking them to also help spread the word. if you have 
          any questions, please feel free to send me an email. margaretmcmakin@gmail.com 
          thank you so much. xox
elliott smith candlelight memorial and tribute, gene leahy mall, 6-11pm 
          october 21st, 2008, omaha, nebraska
if you are 
          free on october 21st and are a fan of elliott smith who lives in the 
          omaha area, i'd love to invite you to be a part of the celebration of 
          elliott's life. plan to meet by the slides @ gene leahy mall, 6pm. local 
          musicians, poets, artists and fans feel free to gather by candlelight 
          and pay tribute to such an influential artist. please feel free to come 
          with your guitars. performance will be encouraged--plan for a big sing-along. 
          :) we will have acess to electricity, so plugging in speakers/amp for 
          microphone is possible. if interested in helping with planning, please 
          feel free to call margaret at 402.968.9021. a donation basket will be 
          passed around throughout the evening, with all donations going straight 
          to the memorial fund. we can never have enough candles, so feel free 
          to bring some of your own if you like. there will also be candles provided 
          (until the supply runs out) (thanks to margaret for sending this in!)
japan: 
          thank you to katie for posting on sweet addy that there is an upcoming 
          tribute in japan in november with shugo tokumaru and kicell. the show 
          is november 1st but i am not sure where, what time and how much it will 
          be but if you are able to read a japanese site, please check out shugo's 
          official site here for more information! http://blog.shugotokumaru.com/

japan 
          update: i thought that i would let you know when and 
          where the concert is for those people that may be in japan but cannot 
          read japanese. the concert was actually moved to november 1st and will 
          be in hiroshima at the yokugawa cinema. advance tickets are 3300yen 
          (about $33) and tickets at the door are 3800yen (about $38). the doors 
          open at 6pm and the concert starts at 7pm. the title of the concert 
          is future butterfly - tribute to elliott smith. (special thanks to karl) 
          (10.01.08)



  













 

 


                sweetadeline.net 
 









