










black diamond camp: christian youth group retreats, family camps, and adult events




















































































skip to content





























 
facility rentals lodging meeting rooms activities retreat services rainier camp outdoor schoolcamps ministers escape group camp day camp teen camp service teamsupport us donate pray volunteer adventure day kids 2 campjobs summer jobs internships other employmentbook now








 



















changing lives through
outdoor adventure



















choose an adventure











there is no other camp like black diamond camp!











from youth group retreats to family camps, and adult events, each stay here we strive to be the definition of choose your own adventure! your time here is sure to be filled with wildly fun activities, breathtaking nature, and world class hospitality and programming! black diamond camp is conveniently situated between seattle and tacoma, and make no mistake, the adventure here is real! some activities include: rock climbing walls, indoor swimming, hiking trails and more! a perfect place to grow bonds with your youth or church group.

























friendship, faith, and adventure awaits! your child will experience the great outdoors through tailored activities targeted for extreme fun and spiritual development.  




adventure info


 



						summer day camps		













group retreat destination. we’ll help you build a customized retreat package using our facilities, activities, and staff as you see fit. we can’t wait to serve you! 




group getaway options


 



						facility rentals		
















experience real adventure. bring your youth group to an action-packed week of outdoor adventures, group challenges, and in-depth bible studies.  




real adventure info


 



						group camp		













spend a summer serving others as you gain work experience and make memories to last a lifetime.  




learn more


 



						summer staff 2025		























 




 


my daughter said this was the best camp she has ever been to. she can’t wait to come back again. each day when i picked her up she looked tired and happy after her full day. up until this point, maddy has had children’s story bibles. the camp checklist prompted us to purchase her first real bible of her very own. she is really proud of her bible and she will always associate it with the camp. 

jessica  
									day camp								





 




 


again, big thanks for all your hard work in making our retreat this past weekend a phenomenal time for our students and leaders. we had many students make decisions to make following jesus a more central part of their lives, and your work is part of that ministry! we’re grateful. 

brian 
									bethany community church								





 




 


this will stand as a pivotal moment in many students faith going forward. thanks! 

taylor 
									little church on the prairie lakewood grace								















 



















contact info








(253) 939-0488









info@blackdiamond.org










location






19830 se 328th pi
auburn, wa 98092









quick links







about uscamp blogcontact usdirectionscampus mapemploymenthealth & safety

















































black diamond camp is part of warm beach camp ministries






warm beach camp & conference center | black diamond camp | rainier camp & retreat center




































































































© 2025, black diamond camps. all rights reserved. | privacy notices |









 
scroll to top














