











central nh employment services, inc – full service staffing agency























































toggle navigation





central nh employment services, inc




home
about
news
team
services


our clients
contact




  central nh employment services, inc










							setting the bar hire


							quality employees: key to success


1-800-256-2482


							or email









							over 100 years combined experience!


							meet our team


1-800-256-2482


							or email








save time, effort and money.
						

							see our services


1-800-256-2482


							or email










previous



next












about us
what we do


for our business clients some services provided
include:

we pre-screen,
interview & test prospective candidates.
reference
checks  that are complete and accurate
schedule
candidate interviews with you
satisfaction
guaranteed

for our candidates:

match your
skills, with open positions. 
https://www.cnhesinc.com/for-candidates/jobs/
set up interviews
treat you with dignity
and respect
never charge
you a fee

read more >> 





     







news & resources
			







 june 3, 2024 

great six month assignment in the laconia , nh area .
accounts receivable analyst 
21.00 -26.00 hr doe
will be responsible for the management of the daily dispute management and collections activities. this position will handle collection calls on past due accounts, interface with sales and other related departments and provide prompt and courteous follow up to client inquiries.
essential duties and responsibilities:

perform accounts receivable collection activities to include collection calls by phone to clients regarding past due invoices and establishing payment arrangements
respond to client inquiries via phone and email regarding account or billing issues
auditing clients’ accounts to ensure accuracy of their invoices
order release and holds
customer claim management
customer account reconciliation
customer credit evaluation and extension

contact g.adams @ 603 528 2828 for additional info. 
 


author admin cnhescategories uncategorized 



 may 10, 2023promotion 

central nh employment services, inc., a permanent and contract staffing firm is pleased to announce that our vice president, gary adams, has been promoted to president.  while maintaining his recruitment career, he will also oversee all the strategic operations of the company.
gary has 25 years of professional background with cnhes focusing on placements in the areas of office support, manufacturing, management, engineering and technical personnel.  he has consistently led the cnhes team through a variety of markets over the years and has always succeeded in “setting the bar a little higher”.  
gary is a positive and professional influence to our employees as well as our clients.  he continues to exceed our clients’ needs and expectations resulting in narrowing the gap between unemployment and employment in the midst of challenging times. 
he’s earned and maintains his cpc (certified personnel consultant) certification as well as various other industry specific and community service recognitions. 
throughout the years gary has served as a member of the lakes region rotary club, lakes region management club and the greater laconia chamber of commerce.  well-known and respected throughout our community and nh, gary has established himself not only in the staffing industry but also as a successful senior contributor to the well-being and growth of central nh employment services, inc.  


author admin cnhescategories uncategorized 



 march 6, 2023 

in order to better serve you, central nh employment services, inc. concord office, has consolidated our operations to our parent company located at:  281 so. main street, laconia, nh 03246.
we can be contacted at 603-528-2828, 1-800-256-2482, 603-225-1115.


author admin cnhescategories uncategorized 



 june 1, 2021job fair 

mention you saw this on our website and earn a referral bonus if hired.



author admin cnhescategories uncategorized 



 december 10, 2020bell ringing 

“ringing the salvation army bells for christmas fundraising”.  just one of the community services the rotary club provides. gary adams of central nh employment services (on left).  thank you for your support, the spirit of giving was generous. 



author admin cnhescategories uncategorized 










					meet our team









christine st. cyrpresidentchristine st.read more 





ron st. cyrread more 





gary adams, cpcpresidentour top biller; gary graduated from psu with a bsba and came to cnhes, inc with fourteen years experience in the staffing and placement industry focusing on management, engineering and technical placements.read more 





william clarkeread more 





karen winklemannbookkeeperread more 





shelli boucherbookkeeperread more 





helen darsneyexecutive administrative assistanthelen started her staffing career in 1983 with an agency in nashua, nh and then in quincy, ma prior to moving to the lakes region.read more 





 christine st. cyr
presidentchristine st. cyr
president
 ×
 ron st. cyr
 ×
 gary adams, cpc
presidentgary@cnhesinc.comour top biller; gary graduated from psu with a bsba and came to cnhes, inc with fourteen years experience in the staffing and placement industry focusing on management, engineering and technical placements. in his eleven years with cnhes, inc. his quality rating for meeting the job description criteria is in the upper 90 percentile, while 85% of his placements are still at the company three and four years later. gary is an active member of the lr rotary club and the lr management club which keeps him in the network of our local business owners and beyond. his reputation within the community and the staffing industry is one of respect.
 ×
 william clarke
 ×
 karen winklemann
bookkeeper ×
 shelli boucher
bookkeeper ×
 helen darsney
executive administrative assistanthelen@cnhesinc.comhelen started her staffing career in 1983 with an agency in nashua, nh and then in quincy, ma prior to moving to the lakes region.
in 1987, she worked directly with the founder of central nh employment services, inc., abraham dadian, until it was time for her to start a family. she returned to us in 1997 and has been the hub that keeps the company running professionally and smoothly.
if you are a client company inquiring about a placement search, it is helen who will direct you to the best qualified recruiter according to you specific profession and needs.
likewise, if you are a potential candidate searching for a particular career or position, helen will direct you to the recruiter who works in your particular field of expertise.
 ×
 






				take a look at our services





call one of our offices to find out how cnhes, inc. can be
					the cost- effective answer to your company's hiring problems. an
					interested job candidate? let us match your skills to the right
					job.








candidates
match a job to your skills.


 



for candidates


 determine matching
									jobs
 setup interviews

 offer training

 maintain
									records


read more









client companies
pre-screen, interview, reference checks and more.


 



for employers


 save you time,
									effort and money
 remove costs for
							advertising
 lower lost productivity

 build trust



read more









resources
tips and templates


 



resources

a compilation of resources posted to assist you.

 resume tips

 industry & hr news



read more













our clients’ testimonials
				








cnhes' efforts have allowed labsphere to hire capable,
								dependable temporary workers who are effective and efficient.
							

gail devoid, cpla, phd.
							


i would like to express our thanks for your untiring efforts
								in providing top-notch people to add to our organization. both
								candidates have fit our needs perfectly and the timeliness of
								their arrival was excellent. keep up the good work and we will
								certainly go first to central nh employment for our future
								needs.

ng/v.p. engineering
							


prompt service to our ever changing needs.

 ph/manufacturing manager.
							


...this letter is to compliment you in your efforts to
								source, qualify and place all levels of engineering/technical
								personnel. you have proven to be a reliable, trustworthy
								professional in your ability to place key players and dedication
								to getting the job done..

human resources & payroll, jd/mgr.
							


cnhes was a pivotal asset in staffing our medical records
								conversion project. she was able to provide numerous qualified
								individuals to choose from to best support our needs. the staff
								members that she brought to our organization for this short term
								contract were of the highest caliber, professionalism, and work
								ethic. this combination served as a catalyst for our employees
								to improve their performance by approximately 20% within 3
								weeks; simply to keep up with rhonda's contracted employees. i
								could not be happier with the quality of employees that rhonda
								brought to us, and will look to her first for future, short term
								staff needs.

ray gilmore, rn mpa.
							


my initial interview process was one week and within a week i
								had a job offer. i was very impressed with the turn around time
								and i would highly recommend cnhes to anyone whom is in search
								of employment.

danielle















feel free to contact us





                         1-800-a-job-4-u-2 
                         (1-800-256-2482)
                         





the laconia office is at 281 south main street, laconia, nh 03246.  call for directions if necessary.(603) 528-2828 













								contact							


*				enter email			




*				name			




								enter phone			




*				message			




*
				field label			























all rights reserved. copyright © 2025 central nh employment services. website by legend software





























