



welcome to the art of zen yoga | zen yoga - breathe, move, relax









































































skip to content
home
about
products

amazon store
zen yoga book
zen yoga daily warm-up dvd
inner sunrise – deep relaxation cd
ebooks

breathe smart – ebook
zen anti-diet – ebook
tales of ancient wisdom – ebook




classes
contact
 



skip to content







welcome to the art of zen yoga


the pace of modern life is characterized by hectic social and economic activity. we generate stress in our daily lives as our concentration is fractured and our energy is sapped. exercise is put on the back burner because we are so caught up in all of the other things that are demanding our attention. zen yoga seeks to reverse this flow by bringing into balance proper and effective breathing, energizing movement, and deep relaxation practices.
zen yoga is a holistic system that unites all aspects of the human self by meeting the fundamental needs of physical health, mental clarity and spiritual peace. through the integration of body, mind and spirit zen yoga creates flexibility, health, vitality and peace of mind.
zen yoga is a program that challenge you to realize your own potential by stretching, moving and breathing at your own pace. it requires you to look within and acknowledge all of yourself. it is not a competition. it is not a contest. it is simply a path to feeling better and better. everyone yearns to be happy and healthy, and to enjoy life to the fullest. zen yoga is simply an opportunity to become aware of the spiritual essence that exists within each of us.
zen yoga has been designed to be accessible to anyone regardless of their age, level of fitness, state of health or spiritual development. most of us are seeking more from life. unfortunately, life, itself, often gets in the way of our search. zen yoga offers an opportunity to get to know the self…to feel happy, healthy and alive.



comments are closed.








search for:



 

archives

november 2024
october 2020
august 2015
march 2014
april 2013
may 2011



meta

log in










meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 




this site created and maintained by darkswan studios   - copyright 2011 
proudly powered by wordpress.
 2010 weaver by wpweaver.info
  



bookshelf 2.0 developed by revood.com






