
















you only thought you were funny


















you only thought you were funny



i don't mean you, i mean me.  check out my funny pics and videos.  ...been going through my drop down menus...only funny articles so far are contained within my deranged thought process.  i have yet to go through longer stories and new is funny.  have fun...















 subscribe to this blog

enter your email address:delivered by feedburner


















why a tip jar? my social experiment click here to learn more




contact me

whatagem123@sbcglobal.net
leave a comment in a post if you want a response in under 3 months (i'm not kidding)




about me





whatagem


texas, united states

view my complete profile



the funniest blogs i know


deadpool
intermission at work
mental poo
ominous comma
part expiry cartoons




























blogarama













sunday, february 22, 2009





you wouldn't steal a car would you?



frustrated with a lack of money and hearing the same songs on my mp3 player eight hours a day, five days a week, i went to yahoo! answers in search for a safe way to download some free music.the short answer:  no.when we first got mp3 players, a coworker suggested limewire and bear share, which excited me because at this time i knew nothing about these sites and inadvertently downloaded, along with the music, viruses to our home computer and my mp3 player.  our pawn shop desk top did have virus protection, but it did not care.  predators are aware that silly, ignorant people are always looking for a way to get free music so they attach viruses (including some that peeps out your personal info on you pc) to your favorite songs.  ah, the wide, wide, world of web!this was a couple years ago, at least and i know better now. of course, keep in mind i was searching already answered questions on safely downloading music, not legally.  ever since this hideous incident, we had since bought a new computer and resorted to collecting pepsi and coca-cola caps for points which we redeem for single songs over rhapsody and amazon.  sadly, pepsi discontinued their point program so i may need to go back to buying cds on ebay, as was our previous form of obtaining music before coke began their ominous program.but i digress.  on yahoo! answers, the word i saw the most was illegal, illegal, illegal!!!!!!!!  and unless you've been living under a rock for last several years, you should know as well as anyone that downloading music, movies, or other forms of copyrighted materials is certainly illegal unless you have permission or pay for it.  these days, you can get songs for about a dollar each through the big three websites of downloads.  of course, also in these days, who has a dollar to spend on something as petty as music?i'm sure you've seen the ads where hands reach out and steal a purse or a car and the message reads:  you wouldn't steal a car would you?  ha ha, then of course you would by no means even consider "stealing" the latest song by metallica.  remember the huge napster lawsuits?  remember the music "artists" going after not only napster, but also the users of napster?  remember the eleven year old gal who was sued for something like ten-thousand dollars for downloading songs such as the theme to full house?well, even i might agree that choosing the theme song to full house should be considered a misdemeanor.  while music "artists" cry and whine that their "talents" are being trading and stolen, they are still living much better than the rest of us.what is considered a crime?  is it what the law makers say is criminal?  take a moment to reflect on the fact that it was once illegal to be jewish and to be simply alive.  or that it once legal to ship over africans to do the household chores.or....is a crime what is considered to be unethical? personally i have always been undecided on this issue.  this is one of those cases where one might ask:  what would jesus do?  well, he probably wouldn't bother wasting time downloading music what with spreading the good news and performing miracles.  i think jesus would have better things to do in this age.all cynicism aside, here's what i believe to be crimes:to charge $19.98 for a cd that has only one good song on it (because that's what you heard on the radio 47 times yesterday!) .....that's a crime.to charge $19.98 for a movie that might be a good movie (or not)--especially when you used to get vhs movies for around $5 if you waited long enough ..... that's a crime.to charge $9 per person to see a movie once and charge $5 for nasty popcorn that has had dozens of greasy teenage hands in it and is covered in some gelatinous goop substituted for butter ..... that's a crime.to whine and cry about how even though you've made a skillion dollars and are not making the usual $7 billion this year due to illegal downloading .... well, that's just absurd!i'm not saying it's right, but i'm not saying it's wrong.  i work for a modest rate per hour.  i clean clothes and sell my time for an hourly fee.  actors do this as well.  do we see reese witherspoon or harrison ford whining and crying about their movies being downloaded or streamed for free across the internet?  no, we don't!since viruses are attached to everything on the wide wide world of web, i guess for the time being i'll simply stick with entering in the handful of codes from my coke caps and occasionally buying a cheap used cd over ebay.  well, at least you don't have to worry how scratched they are since it's all gonna get dumped onto the mp3 player anyhow.




posted by
whatagem


at
6:32 am


20
funny comments




 















thursday, february 19, 2009





the biggest loser: the biggest waste of time



this came up at work one day:liz:  "i hate 'the biggest loser'!  everybody cries because they're fat.  'oh, my mom and i just can't lose weight'.  there are families living in their cars, getting their kids ready for school in gas station restrooms.  why don't we see a reality show about them?  these people are getting rich because they're fat!"me:  "yup.  they write books, do paid interviews, write more books, go on crusades...."liz:  "how do you get up to 400 pounds, anyway?  can't lose weight?  eat less!"me:  "can you imagine the money put into the food that causes someone to gain 400 pounds?  eating like that has got to cost a fortune!  i bet a little of that could help these people living in their cars!"ok, so maybe we're a little mean.  i think it all stems from how sick we are of so-called "reality" television programs.  everyone has their own show, whether it's because you need to lose weight, are a drunken sex addict after bret michaels, you dance, sing, have a useless talent that is not beneficial to anyone, anywhere, or you're just simply a has-been celebrity who is out of work and are willing to be paid for twenty-four hour surveillance so you can make your monthly $24, 836 house payment.what ever happened to the sitcom?  where are the cosby's?  the bundy's?  where are the seinfelds?  speaking of shows about nothing, if we're going to be subjected to reality tv in all hours of the day, i'd like to see one about people attempting to quit smoking.  now that would be entertaining.  let's try experiments; following around an agitated just-quit-smoking-person with a camera all day might be fairly prime time worthy.  sure, there might be a bit more violence and bleeping of curse words than say, the biggest loser, but i bet it would be great television. they could outfit the camera man with riot gear, follow people in their nature habitats, all on different forms and methods of quitting. yeah, i started smoking when i was very young and i regret it every day of my life.  i also gained close to forty pounds at one time.  at this point i said to myself, "whoa there!  something's gotta be done!  this is outta control!"  i do not understand how people can get upwards to 400 pounds without at some point saying, "whoa!  outta control!"i understand an addiction to food, i really do.  more than you know.  however, i have found that it's very easy to choose the right foods to munch on all night long.  i work hard the next day and have maintained the same weight for about seven or eight years.i'm not by any means comparing smoking to a food addiction but take into consideration that i cannot choose a healthier cigarette to smoke.  a few extra minuets of exercise will not make up for smoking too much the day before. this is why i believe a show about quitters would be great television.  it would also show younger people what it's like to have emphysema, shortness of breath, and so on (though i knew smoking was bad when i started).  bring us your newbies, your ashmatics, your diseased.  bring us your carriers of lung ailments, your stinky clothed ones, your serial quitters.  bring us a show that could be quite funny, make us cry out of sadness and joy, and connect us with the characters!of course, a follow-up show would be a complete necessity.  we could call this little gem:i do want to be a quitter!or the sucess of quittingor....something clever.  i'm not to great at word plays.  go crazy, readers.  name that show!




posted by
whatagem


at
3:47 pm


2
funny comments




 















sunday, february 08, 2009





the man with no limbs



this video was sent to me by a friend.  it's about the neatest thing i've ever seen!  only 5 min long.  i'm sure you have 5 min  




posted by
whatagem


at
8:10 am


2
funny comments




 

















older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)














number of people just that bored...









search my blog!








enter your search terms



 





web


laughtillupee.blogspot.com


submit search form


















ebay seller whatagem123 (that"s me!)






coming soon to the blog*complete & total organization (who am i kidding?)drop down menus don't bother with archives except for newer posts. everything else is collected & organized into drop down menus. click on the title or arrow to view entire menu, choose one & expand new window (disable pop-up blocker or type title in search bar). 








fun stuff!!


jokes/one liners
writer's block--funny photos




5 min or less funny videos (last updated 11-1-07)

port-a-pottybattle sh*tstitusjosh bluepunk'd by corkypretty fly



my home grown music videos (you know you're curious)

chop suey!awakecomedown (acoustic)










past posts organization updated 7-21-07



all about me! click the white bar, dummy!

super klutzheckling the gas guyright of wayi love you. now go away.late for my own funeralcrickets and cockroachesapple saucesurvivor a-cupone year earlyour ebay startwhat's on my mp3 playerdysfunctionally normalnight of the living black goowas it something i said?family reunionsnow on easter 2007jimmy "mr. t" titsworth riptowelsmagic erasercleaning out the tanksmart lucyphoto of thanksgiving brisket mmmmthanksgiving brisketfirst christmas treewho's little now?not a kidney stonehow may i help you?custom body workholy insurance adjuster, batman!it's been a while...not long enough!where i was on 9-11-01liquid crackmy stats (ooh la la)the trouble with chickenblood suckers and vampiresyou've got wormspicky fingersmechanically declinedkeeping the straysbringing in the straysthe twin terrorseeek! what the--?i am short. hear me roar.well, it ain't lawn darts!good bagelsbattle woundsthe garage of doomgarage of doom artifactsthe funeralthe wisdom toothmmmm, chinese foodmy creative spark (bang)growing up is optionalgrowing up is optional pt 2the money pitour first homeour rental homecooking disasters



my deranged thought process

stalker pays credit card billhelp! i'm stoned & i've lost the remote!you're making that upmay i see your feet?obesity plague!cake icingcrazy neighborsonly stupid people are breedinggerms!!redneck side mirrorways we spend moneythe job that ate my brainaccepting rogaine for lucybudget buys for the wealthydon't call me no white girli didn't get any awardnew year's resolutionscows, constitution, & commandmentsstick it to adhdcat food300 millionbuckle up for safety. or elsefast franksgarbage on a rolltip your doctoryearly or monthly"survivor" divides by racefat but saferevamped etch-a-sketchsave 7 secondsbanking in your pjswomen are pigsshopping for toilet papervacationrising cost of livingamerica the talentedsuper size me. pleasei am so s.a.d.big worldpositionsbarefoot and pregnantbeat on the bratout of talentdogslol texting from a cell phoneshave this!dysfunctionally normalthe garage of doomadvertising milkthrow out the text booksgod's sense of humorinside voicesnasa could feed the worldwith friends like these....social security reform?diy nationpolitically incorrecthair where there should be no hair



news is funny

the cure for cancer july 2007obesity is contagious july 2007press one for english july 2007ebay pulls auction for adoption july 2007four year old reroutes plane june 2007chinese products recalled june 2007immigration bill june 2007suing your pants off june 2007local news: astro turf may 2007model guidelines jan 2007911 called for stubbed toe nov 2006tag is banned nov 2006occ announce working man's bike oct 2006wal_mart vs the liberals oct 2006some teachers are over paid aug 2006freedom of speech aug 2006spanish-american war aug 2006local news trash pick up aug 2006doberman destroys exhibit aug 2006crack tax july 2006kid ordered to chemo july 2006god vs the media june 2006pushing the envelope june 2006local news city pays for theater june 2006local news high school titantron june 2006local news speed trap capital june 2006local news makes sense now june 2006local news congestion relief june 2006diseased vials found in copperas cove june 2006wendy's: oil change june 2006madonna "writes" children's book june 2006before chris hanson: teachers can't get dates june 2006kanye west rolling stone cover april 2006no camo in schools may 2006gas prices on the rise april 2006indian artifacts april 2006fuzzy math may 2006file sharing april 2006gas prices april 2006obesity "epidemic" march 2006



my plants don"t fall off the porch; they jump

weak treesi assure you, we've ordered a mowerhank hill doesn't live herean act of godshould that be moving?



grab a snack! longer stories

subarachnoid-what-now?mighty good manon the other hand...zz top visits bell countywe almost died that thanksgiving dayme, shawn & the cell phonei was one sick puppyour date with the rock pt oneour date with the rock pt 2hair in the doglemonswe were on vh1



thru the eyes of a comic book geek

growing up is optionalgrowing up pt 2i am nerd. hear me roarfantastic four: rise of the silver surferspider-man 3ghost riderheroes: claire's dumb brother 2006nbc's heroes oct 2006who wants to be a super hero?the amazing-super price of comicsi can't believe it's a movie!x-men the last stand review



snappy title goes here

my personal photo album comming soon! funny and/or interesting photos only, i promise. no boring family reunion photos...



inspirational

inspirational stuffchristmas stuff



the art gallery

pencils pastels paintsmy comic book era10th grade art classpassing time in history class



archives




archives
february (4)
march (41)
april (35)
may (34)
june (50)
july (66)
august (17)
september (12)
october (14)
november (17)
december (9)
january (13)
february (3)
march (5)
april (1)
may (2)
june (21)
july (83)
august (89)
september (60)
october (44)
november (24)
december (14)
january (9)
february (9)
march (13)
april (9)
may (4)
june (3)
september (9)
october (2)
november (5)
december (5)
january (1)
february (5)




















