




sandeez castles - ocean lakes vacation rental homes, myrtle beach sc










home | property rentals | rental policies | contact us

 

we offer vacation home rentals in beautiful
ocean lakes family campground & resort, myrtle beach, sc!
 ocean lakes prides itself on providing a fun and safe environment for your family. you can easily walk from our vacation homes to the beach, two pools (indoor and outdoor), splash zone, putt-putt, and recreation center. if you prefer, you can rent a golf cart to tour our 310 acre oceanfront community. our gated entrance and 24 hour patrolling security will give you peace of mind for your family vacation. families who stay here come back again and again! 
a long list of amenities are available to you, including almost 1 mile of beautiful beaches. onsite activities include biking, basketball, horseshoes, volleyball, miniature golf, swimming in ocean and pools (lifeguards in season), recreation center with recreation programs and staff, arcade, oceanfront observation deck, 24 hour security, kiddie playgrounds, golf cart and bike rentals, nature center, book exchange library, atm machines, discount tickets for movies, golf, and area attractions. nearby attractions include golf, amusement parks, fishing, shopping, restaurants, cinemas, sightseeing, boating, sailing, parasailing, and jet skiing, just to name a few. 
our family vacation rental homes can accommodate up to 12 people. please note that ocean lakes is a family community, and rental of our units is intended for families.




1102 - oceanfront
click for details

mh401
click for details


view property rentals

 
sandeez castles is located in ocean lakes, a family-oriented resort on the ocean in myrtle beach sc, at the intersection of us 544 and s. kings highway (us 17 business).â  
we're approximately two miles south of myrtle beach state park, and approximately 10 miles north of huntington beach state park. if you have any questions or would like further information, please feel free to contact us.
 




sandeez castles vacation rental homes
  6001 s. kings hwyâ unit 87
  myrtle beach, sc 29575
843-241-4462
 

website designed  by





