




exhibitions and trade fairs | event & trade show organiser - etf exhibitions & trade fairs




















































































keep up to date with etf events!
subscribe and be the first to get exclusive content, event news, marketing tips, exhibitor resources and more.


full name* company* position* email*

i would like to receive info about

automotive & lifestyle


construction


energy storage


irrigation


manufacturing


mining


oil & gas


travel


exhibitor and marketing resources
terms and conditions
please read the terms of use and personal information and collection (pics) statement.
by submitting this application, i agree that:

i have read and understood the terms of use and pics statement.
i consent (except as indicated below) to the collection and use of my personal information in accordance to the terms of use and pics statement.


i do not agree to the use of my personal information for direct marketing purposes.
emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 




















about

what we do
our awards
our memberships
our fans


partners
events

our events
case study: world gas conference 2018
case study: auspack
case study: australian energy storage conference and exhibition
case study: national 4×4 outdoors show, fishing & boating expo


why exhibit

exhibitor tools


why visit
careers
resources

blog
free ebook insights


covid- 19
contact
payments




 














events build businesses 











build yours with the experts: exhibitions & trade fairs 









learn how















the name behind the best shows 



exhibitions & trade fairs have been creating and delivering
award winning conferences & exhibitions
for organisations and associations since the 1970s.
 



around australia & across the world. b2b + b2c. small and large. 



 



let the numbers talk... 











 







 







 







 












backed by experience 











from australia to the u.s.a, south korea to spain, we bring decades of experience across five continents in delivering successful and targeted events. 











full service exhibition and conference organiser 



we specialise in turnkey solutions. from inception to completion, we’ll work with you to achieve your business objectives. 











 



strategic planning 







 



professional conference management 







 



sales & marketing expertise 







 



onsite delivery & operations 







 



detailed post-event analysis 












expertise + experience + enthusiasm 



we have earned a reputation for excellence with our partners. we create a vibrant marketplace to do business face-to-face. 



















				vivid festival titan and creative powerhouse join the business of events			



			february 21, 2020		


if you’ve ever wondered how to vividly engage an audience’s attention, or amplify your message, then the business of events


			read more »		









				brains behind xerocon and living smart in the mix at the business of events			



			february 5, 2020		


drawing ideas and skills from across different types of events and industries can flick the switch in designing a memorable


			read more »		









				unlock digital to enhance human experiences: learn how at etf’s the business of events 2020			



			october 2, 2019		


learning how to unlock the power of digital to enhance visitor experiences at events underscores several sessions at the business


			read more »		









				festivalisation, developing talent and the events industry’s digital transformation			



			may 10, 2019		


by georgie chapman-burgess, operations manager, etf winner of the 2018 richard geddes young achiever award festivalisation, how to develop talent, and


			read more »		




















let us create your next event
interested in learning more about how exhibitions and trade fairs can help you bring your vision to life? complete the form below and start your journey. * all fields are mandatory.

full name* email address*

phone*company* event date

dd slash mm slash yyyy

location* tell us more*enewlsetter

sign up to receive the latest event news, insights and trends straight to your inbox
captchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 




















sydney
unit 5, 21 south streetrydalmere nsw 2116


melbourne
level 1, unit 4, 20 – 26 sabre driveport melbourne vic 3207





subscribe


 exhibitions and trade fairs pty limited (abn 72 101 130 527) (etf) aims to protect the privacy of the personal information that we collect and hold while carrying out our activities. © copyright 2020 exhibitions and trade fairs pty limited. all rights reserved.
privacy policy // terms of use




















































we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok











