


northeastern educational research association


























 
 



















menu

menu


homeaboutaboutawardssponsorsnera leadershipnera leadership electioncommittee descriptionspresident's messagedownloadablesmembershipmembershipmember newstestimonialsannual conferenceannual conference and hotel registrationroles and responsibilitiesconference programmarriott bonvoy information2024 nera conferenceconference schedulefeatured sessions for 2024 annual conference3mt competitionpast & future conferencesfuture conferencespast conferencesthe nera researchernera gsicnera gsiccurrent gsic membersmentoringwebinars














 









								what's new
 							



the 2024 nera conference will take placetuesday-thursday, october 8-10, 2024.nera 2024 themecheck out the latest issue of the nera researchernera testimonials    


member log in





forgot password?


not a member?join nera today!
current member? renew your membership here.














































				welcome to the northeastern educational research association
 			


the mission of the northeastern educational research association (nera) is to encourage and promote high quality educational research and to create a venue for experienced and new researchers. nera members come from diverse life experiences, abilities, and perspectives and all areas of education (e.g., higher education, research and development, training and technical assistance agencies, p-12 educators and state departments of education). nera membership is open to all individuals who have a commitment to excellence in the field of educational research.to become a nera member click here. to renew your membership, members should use the link sent annually in the summer.not ready to become a member? join our mailing listnera promotes sharing of professional information through publications including its newsletter, the nera researcher.for questions regarding membership dues or conference registration fees, contact andrew jones, treasurer.for general questions about nera, contact lisa keller, president.for questions or problems regarding this website, contact the webmaster.  




				from the president			


lisa keller is an associate professor at the university of massachusetts at amherst in the research, educational measurement, and psychometrics program. she has a bs and ms in mathematics, and her ed.d. in psychometrics from the university of massachusetts at amherst (umass). she has been at umass as a professor since 2002. her research interests are in the areas of fairness in testing, with a recent interest in the consequences of testing, and is very curious about the intersection of ai and social justice. read more 






					© 2025 northeastern educational research association, inc.  all rights reserved



website designed by vieth consulting
privacy policy







 