





spearfish canyon foundation - save the canyon from the mountain pine beetle 
























the spearfish canyon foundation (scf) was established in 1989 through a generous gift from homestake mining company to continue land stewardship of the canyon landscape. 
it encourages and helps fund projects ranging from wildlife habitat, byway beautification and hiking trails to interpretation and land conservancy.
mission:
        its mission is to preserve spearfish canyon as a lasting legacy by promoting natural and cultural history, appreciation of the environment, responsible public access, and funding to enhance the infrastructure and ecology.





spearfish  canyon state park & bismarck lake
land exchange between the u.s. forest service and the state of south dakota
july 12, 2016
in 2006, the state of south dakota received title to several parcels of  property in spearfish canyon as part of a larger settlement between homestake  mining company and the state. these transfers allowed the state to invest in  the preservation of some of the most renowned natural resources in the country.  it also allowed for increased access and recreational opportunities in the  canyon. of particular success were the properties near savoy known as roughlock  falls. this area was experiencing severe degradation as a result of increased visitation and  lack of effective management by homestake. immediately after the state acquired  the property, improvements were put in place to allow for public use and  enjoyment, while preserving the natural and scenic properties of the falls.â  
 
continue reading









the lush  pine forest of the black hills is in grave danger. you have the opportunity to help.
 we commit  that 100% of your financial contribution to the spearfish canyon foundation will  directly support the battle against the damaging mountain pine beetle.
 the  spearfish canyon foundation has partnered with the save spearfish canyon  coalition (sscc), city and county governments, regional weed control agencies  and countless concerned others. this united group of black hills residents  supports the public efforts to control the pine beetle invasion before it  completely destroys the forest.
because the spearfish canyon foundation is a recognized  501(c)(3) non-profit organization, your donation is tax deductible.







  
© spearfish canyon foundation
       web site development by grapevine design
            












