






minneapolis clinic of neurology | minnesota neurologists | clinics throughout the twin cities



































































 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerfacebooklinkedinyoutube
  (763) 302-4100
mychart patient portal
|
pay your bill


minneapolis clinic of neurologyphysicians & providers
services & conditions

neurology conditions
neuropsychology
diagnostics
mcn infusion services
rehabilitation
patient information & forms
research


news & podcast
locations
search this websitecontact us







exceptional personalized neurologic care.
we are dedicated to providing compassionate, clinically excellent, and comprehensive patient care.
learn more   request an appointment








meet our providers.
our providers are experts in diseases and disorders of the brain and nervous system.
learn more  request an appointment








neurological services.
we provide adult & pediatric neurology, diagnostic, and rehabilitation services.
learn more   request an appointment





update: patient portal change
we have changed our electronic health record to epic.

sign up for mcn’s mychart when you receive our invitation!  mcn mychart allows you to review your after visit summary and test results, and send messages to your provider.



telemedicine neurology appointments
minneapolis clinic of neurology is offering telemedicine appointments by video for patients that would like to be seen from the safety of their home.
we continue to provide emergency neurological care at all of the hospitals that we serve, including north memorial health hospital, maple grove hospital, fairview southdale hospital, fairview ridges hospital, mercy hospital and unity hospital.
if you have a question regarding a currently scheduled appointment please call our office or send a message through mychart.
burnsville:   952-435-8516
coon rapids:   763-427-8320
edina:   952-920-7200
golden valley:   763-588-0661
maple grove:   763-302-4114
for our patients with multiple sclerosis or other neuro-immunology conditions who may be on medications that may alter your immune system, please follow this link.


 


 


 



neurological diseases and conditions
our providers treat a wide range of neurological diseases and conditions. read more about these conditions and how we can help.
conditions we treat



 decades of experiencefounded in 1955, we are widely known and respected for our expertise and quality of care.

 patient partnershipswe establish long-term clinical patient relationships
to comprehensively manage chronic neurological conditions.

 researchour neurologist-lead research teams work to advance the field of neurology and improve patient care.

 hospital carewe partner with a number of hospitals in the twin cities to provide 24/7 acute neurology care to our patients with critical neurological illnesses.

 

 add a testimonial


patient testimonials
i was very satisfied from the time i walked in until i left. the doctor was very nice and explained everything to me. i would definitely recommend this clinic.dr. dong patientdr. scott is extraordinary. so brilliant, expert and caring. i'm so grateful for his care. jenny is also perfect! communication is seamless.dr. scott patientdr. stulc is always well prepared and pleasant to speak with. she provided great information and support for my requested medication change. i left the appointment satisfied and impressed. thanks.dr. stulc patientdr. aldinger gave me the most comprehensive examination i have ever experienced.  she has ordered further tests after which we anticipate some conclusions. i am deeply impressed and grateful for the grace and concern of your staff.dr. aldinger patientdr. zubkov saved my life in 2016. his fast acting response to my situation was awesome, and my appointments after my surgery were always informational and compassionate. hes a great doctor and i recommend him to anyone needing neurological care.dr. zubkov patientdr aldinger and her staff were helpful, knowledgeable, as always, and very patient with me and my technology. i couldn’t ask for better neurological care. fifty years i’ve had a doctor at mcn, starting with dr farber as a teen, and i’m forever grateful for the wonderful guidance i’ve had that’s allowed me to function fully as an adult in a busy life. thank you for so much good care!dr. aldinger patientthe professionalism of the staff and doctor was outstanding. they helped my understand my situation and what the treatment going forward is.dr. banica-wolters patientdr. stulc and her team have always provided me with superior care.  they have always been extremely responsive, professional, and caring.  i have complete confidence in the care i am receiving.dr. stulc patientdr. zubkov is an amazing and knowledgeable physician. you can tell he truly cares and is invested in his patients.dr. zubkov patientamazing staff and clinic! dr ghazali was terrific and dawn, the staff who conducted my emg was super empathetic and showed that she truly cared! i would highly recommend this clinic and these staff!dr. ghazali and emg patientdr. ghazali is an amazing doctor and listened to every concern i had regarding my chronic pain.dr. ghazali patientdr. stulc is very professional, caring and spends the time needed with her patients…she makes sure all of your questions are answered!  i work in the medical field and have for years and i’m very observant how patients are treated, and i feel very respected when i see dr. stulc and her staff.dr. stulc patientdr. veen answered all of our questions and was so comfortable talking to her.  she really listened to what we had to say.dr. veen patientgiven the situation with the covid-19 issue, my online appointment went amazingly well. it just worked. pleased.dr. rogin patientthe staff was exceptional!i was extremely pleased with my care and what the doctor did for me and am pleased with what he was able to do on my behalf. i will be seeing dr. dastagir again.dr. dastagir patienti really value and like the telemedicine way of providing care! please continue it! dr. stulc is professional, thorough and she helps give me confidence with my care of ms!dr. stulc patientdr. rogin was terrific as usual.dr. rogin patienti have had my life changed in a special way under dr. stulc's leadership.

thank you,
sddr. stulc patientdr. masood always looks out for the best of his patients.dr. masood patientexcellent clinic and dr. cornelius is excellent!dr. cornelius patientdr. espinosa is a very kind and genuine doctor.  also she is very thorough and organized.  i appreciate her very much.dr. espinosa patientdr. espinosa is the most wonderful human in the world!  so knowledgeable and caring about her patients.dr. espinosa patientdr. dastagir was wonderful~ understanding, concerned, warm and informed. a new provider is usually a unique experience, but he put me at ease immediately.dr. dastagir patientdoctor dorland is great!dr. dorland patientdr. dorland was extremely helpful. it was so nice to speak with a md that knew of the rare illness that i have.dr. dorland patientdr. stulc is very efficient, open and seems to really care about my health and well being. i would recommend her to anyone looking for a good neurologist and confidant.dr. stulc patienteveryone was very pleasant. doctor kelkar is an amazing doctor and very informative. i love that he takes time and listens to everything i am concerned about.dr. kelkar patientdr scott is a wonderful doctor. i feel he listens to me and explains treatment options thoroughly.dr. scott patientgiven the pandemic and my child's health, we had an unusual circumstance.  the staff was very on top of all safety protocols and explained everything thoroughly.  the results were mailed in expected amount of time.  we were very thankful for the provider being able to open up.  thank you!!patient of lisa nippoldt-baca, psy.d., l.p.dr scott (leland) is an angel. the best doctor i have ever had in my 75 years. if it weren’t for his care and advise i don't believe i’d be walking. he has super customer service skills and takes the time to ensure all questions and/or concerns are addressed. gives it to you straight. thank you dr scott.dr. scott patientdr. stulc is amazing. i am blessed to have her as my dr. her intelligence, insight and knowledge is astonishing. i feel with her assistance i can battle ms successfully.  thanksdr. stulc patientmy experiences with minneapolis clinic have been great. staff friendly informative and care about me as a person. very happy with the care your company provides.dr. scott is always very kind and compassionate. i have a very difficult diagnosis and he answers all my questions.  more doctor’s could learn kindness from him.dr. scott patientdr. bazakos is a great provider. he takes the time to listen and understand any issues or concerns you have and is very knowledgeable and ensures all of your questions are answered.dr. bazakos patienti always receive quality care at minneapolis clinic of neurology.dr. aggarwal patientdr. banica-wolters is awesome and amazing. i really like her. i can relate to her and she
really cares about my health and quality of life! 10 stars!dr. banica-wolters patienti love the warmth i get coming into physical therapy from both paula and karen.  they are both down to earth and good listeners of my concerns!patient of karen guba, ptit was great to find a new source of support and problem solving after we felt like we were at the end of that road. we look forward to receiving the full results.patient of lisa nippoldt-baca, psy.d., l.p.dr. scott is always so professional and kind and always takes the time to listen to my concerns.dr. scott patienti have been with dr. ghazali for several years now, have much confidence in him and have recommended him multiple times to others.  the staff is also exceptional, particularly shirley.dr. ghazali patientthoroughly enjoyed our visit with dr. zubkov! he’s gotten me very excited with a new plan for healthy living! i’m already feeling like a new person!dr. zubkov patienti have always felt well cared for at your clinic.my experience was very positive because my doctor listened, was professional, caring and kind, and very helpful.  thank you.dr. ghazali patientdr aldinger is the absolute best doctor i have ever seen! she has helped me so much with managing my migraines. she listens to all of my concerns and helps finds ways to make it easier to get through the day. she is absolutely amazing!dr. aldinger patientjamie witt is very personal knowledgeable. love her as our cpap provider.patient of jamie witt, pa-cgreat experience...lisa and dr. altafullah were exceptional to work with...dr. altafullah patientdr dong listened. we felt heard and cared for. she also went out of her way to get some testing done the same day as the appointment because we live a significant distance away from the clinic. we sincerely appreciated this.dr. dong patientthis was my first time doing a telemedicine appointment and it was very easy and the doctor was as complete as could be without physical interaction.dr. veen patientdr. ghazali is a amazing doctor! front desk staff is always super friendly and welcoming!dr. ghazali patientpa amanda wald is very knowledgeable, very caring, able to translate findings into meaningful conclusions, is empathic, and desires a good outcome. we are very impressed with her.  we would recommend amanda to anyone with issues that we are facing with alzheimer's.patient of amanda wald, paalways caring about my well being. highly recommended this clinic.patient of amanda wald, pa-cdr. aldinger is the best neurologist i’ve ever had. i would highly recommend her.dr. aldinger patientstephanie did a great job going over stretches and techniques to deal with my muscle tightness. am excited to be working with her.patient of stephanie freadrich, o.t.r./l., m.s.c.s.dr. zubkov was extremely knowledgeable, insightful, and professional. he took the time to carefully explain all aspects of my go-forward health care plan to the degree of my understanding. very impressed!!dr. zubkov patientmarri fishel is a wonderful therapist.patient of marri fishel, ptlove the clinic and my doctor and her staff. she is very knowledgeable.dr. aldinger patienti highly respect and like dr bazakos. when other doctors couldn’t diagnose me a few years ago i was referred to him and he figured it out right away. i’d never been to a neurologist before.dr. bazakos patientdr. chadwick is the best neurologist we’ve ever had. very patient and attentive.dr. chadwick patienti'm very glad dr. veen was easy to talk to, seemed very in tuned with what i was saying (an active listener), and didn't bowl me over with why i was wrong or why she knew so much more (which she does) than me. she let me share my anxiety and then set about describing how "we" were going to tackle diagnosing and treating whatever we found. that was encouraging to me even though some of the discussion was very much anxiety generating.dr. veen patientvery informative and showed extreme concern for my health and well being...thank you.dr. dorland patientdr. zubkov is a wonderful doctor.  i can't express my gratitude and appreciation for everything he does and has done.  having him as a doctor means i am going to have a brilliant doctor who is going to help me get to the healthiest place i can be.  he isn't going to toss meds at me to just mask.  jolene also has to be mentioned.  she is also a wonderful care taker.  i have no doubts that with dr. z and jolene, my health is in good hands :)dr. zubkov patientthe staff is very professional.my physical therapist has done a good job working with me.  i thank him for that.patient of q. ai nguyen, dptdr. dastagir was extremely friendly and has some of the best patient care skills i've witnessed. listened carefully, explained things thoroughly, spoke respectfully.dr. dastagir patientdr. zubkov and his team are amazing!  from the time you walk in the door to follow up they do a remarkable job.  i had a previous neurologist and am so glad i switched to this office.dr. zubkov patienti am a hemorrhagic stroke survivor, entering my 9th year of recovery. mpls. clinic of neurology has been there, caring for, and supporting me, every step of the way. my neurologist, dr. altafullah, saved my life as a brilliantly gifted physician. the team, and staff is extremely respectful, and prompt to respond and follow thru with my questions and needs. i would not be the capable, independent person i am today, without the dedication, this clinic provided me, during my journey towards recovery. a special, and heartfelt, thank you, to my heroes, at the mpls. clinic of neurology.dr. altafullah patienti've always had great care at this clinic and i'm amazed by dr. scott's expertise in my health journey of 5 years.  i completely trust him and he has helped me through so much.  i recommend him to everyone who is looking for a neurologist.  his assistant jenny is also great and always gets back to you quickly.dr. scott patientdr aggarwal was kind, compassionate and knowledgeable. he was extremely patient to answer all our questions and queries.dr. aggarwal patientoffice staff is very friendly, knowledgeable, & polite. love dr. cornelius!!dr cornelius patientthe e visit was easily set up and went well, it was the first visit i had with dr. stulc and she was easy to talk to and very thorough. she went through my chart and explained how she wanted to proceed to treat my ms. i felt very good knowing i now have an awesome provider that specializes in ms.dr. stulc patientkristine is always willing to listen and talk about whether symptoms may or may not be due to the ms. very much appreciate her. quick responses when i as questions through the portal that mcn has set up.patient of kristine michael, pa-cdr. masood has been a great help. he helped me at mercy hospital and was able to see me for follow up. without his listening and kind, simple approach, i would still be suffering from very painful migraines. he is an asset to have as a doctor and for your clinic.dr. masood patientdr. cornelius is great!dr. cornelius patientdr stulc is so knowledgable about ms, she really puts me at ease by explaining what she’s thinking and why. i try to learn what i can by googling, but her knowledge and experience reminds me of why i trust in her expertise to lay out a treatment plan.
thank you!!dr. stulc patientthe virtual appointment was very easy to use.i have been a patient there for 5 years in i love all the doctors and nurses and i trust my doctors and they have helped me tremendously in every way possible. the are always concerned about not just my physical health but how i am doing emotionally and in my life. i think it's a wonderful group and could not ask for better health care.dr. masood patienti recommend dr. zubkov to many people.dr. zubkov patientthis appointment was held virtually with my mom at her assisted living facility and my sister and i from another location. it worked better than we could have hoped. pa was thorough, engaging with mom, and caring. the input i received from my mom and sister was all positive.patient of kristine michael, pa-ci believe the precautions taken for corona virus were well thought out and carefully implemented.dr. stulc is excellent.  i have had my share of neurologists over the last 32 years and she is certainly my favorite!dr. stulc patientdr. bazakos takes the time to listen to you about your concerns and ask if i have any questions/concerns.dr. bazakos patientthis was our first visit at minneapolis clinic of neurology and we were pleased with the results. dr. bergman-bock was attentive and caring. we felt comfortable with the session and glad that we chose minneapolis clinic of neurology.patient of dr. bergman-bocki always have a good experience when working with this clinic, from the people that answer the phones to making an appointment or when leaving a message, i would hear back within a day.dr. masood patientthe appointment was on time. the staff and doctor were outstandingly polite and professional.dr. cornelius patienti am very appreciative to have dr. yu zhao as my neurologist. she is thorough, professional yet friendly and takes sufficient time with me.

 patient of dr. zhaominneapolis clinic of neurology
exceptional personalized neurologic care
as one of the largest neurology practices in the nation, the minneapolis clinic of neurology®, founded in 1955, is widely known and respected for the expertise of its staff and the superb quality of its care. we are dedicated to providing compassionate, clinically excellent, convenient and comprehensive patient care.
learn more



latest news
how cardiovascular health impacts neurologyfebruary 1, 2025 when you think of heart health, you might picture exercises, cholesterol levels, and blood pressure—but did you know that your cardiovascular health … read more about how cardiovascular health impacts neurologyprotecting your brain on the slopesjanuary 10, 2025 gliding down snowy slopes with the wind in your face is exhilarating—but winter sports like skiing and snowboarding come with risks, especially to … read more about protecting your brain on the slopesboosting brain health: a guide to nutritional neurologydecember 1, 2024 as the year winds down and we enter the festive month of december, it’s a great time to think about setting healthful resolutions, particularly when … read more about boosting brain health: a guide to nutritional neurology
 mychart by epic
 763-302-4100
 request appointment
footercontact us
(763) 302-4100

4225 golden valley road
golden valley, mn 55422
 locations
appointments
mychart patient portal
pay your bill


sitemap
physicians & providers
diseases & conditions
patient information & forms
employment
research
news & podcast


facebooklinkedinyoutube
 copyright © 2025 minneapolis clinic of neurology. all rights reserved.
return to top









                            call now                        







                            clinic locations                        






 



















