



  






andamento studio & gallery




















































☰





						andamento studio & gallery
					


cart





welcome




gift certificates






jewelry






jewelry origins, materials, techniques




necklaces




earrings




bracelets & rings




 brooches




computer jewelry









mosaics






small mosaics




medium mosaics




large mosaics




pebble art







bottle stoppers, mezuzah cases, key rings




goddess stones




crystals, minerals & more






artists & exhibitions






current & future exhibitions




past exhibitions







contact/visit




articles, links & stuff















fine art mosaics and handcrafted jewelry








andamento is an italian word meaning ‘movement’ or ‘course.’ it describes the flow of lines in a piece of mosaic art produced by placement of rows of materials chosen by the artist.featuring mosaic art and jewelry by gail rosen, with frequent guest exhibitors from across the u.s.a. i’m excited to share the variety of materials, themes and techniques that modern mosaic artists explore.




“welcome!andamento brings to mind the flow of life, how our journeys are sometimes planned and sometimes surprising. now, in this unique and challenging time, the one thing that is clear is the uncertainty of the path. but life, and art, will find a way. i am holding on to this little gallery and website as my connection to you. ”

— gail rosen




















solid inspiration

  
    
      
        
          $295.00
        
      
    
  








subscribe to andamento gallery news
sign up with your name and email address to receive news and updates about guest artists, openings, special events and classes.i only send one email a week (usually thursday mornings) and of course, never share your email.





first name



last name




email address






sign up





we respect your privacy.
thank you for subscribing to the andamento newsletter! we promise never to share your email.














small sampling of jewelry by gail rosen 






    see more necklaces
  




    see more earrings
  




    see more bracelets & rings
  










yellow joy

  
    
      
        
          $175.00
        
      
    
  















“full of surprises” by gail rosen












“high fidelity magic” by gail rosern






    small mosaics
  




    medium mosaics
  




    large mosaics
  






















