






sand & gravel suppliers, decomposed granite: marble falls, tx: collier materials, inc.



































































follow us x



 






follow us


 



a
!





 


homeproductsriver rockgravelsoil & mulchsandbouldersbag materialcontainershaul offsprice list
contactemployment opportunitiescredit applicationach formreviews
 








open monday - friday 7:00 am to 5:00 pm
request a quote

 
contact uscontact info xmain location - collier materials, inc.phone: 830-693-2228fax: 830-798-2226llano - collier materials, inc.phone: 325-247-3222phone: 325-247-4333fax: 325-247-3777landscape yard - collier materials, inc. phone: (737) 317-5041








lorem ipsum title




 



get only the highest quality sand and gravel for your projects

shop at marble falls, tx's premier granite resource
call today











river rock
learn more





gravel
learn more





soil
learn more





sand
learn more





boulders
learn more





bag material
learn more







let us deal with the nitty gritty
find quality sand and gravel in marble falls, texas
collier materials, inc. produces and supplies sand, granite and gravel to residents of texas. we have served both residential and commercial clients with the highest quality of materials for more than three decades, and are continuing to maintain our pristine reputation by providing premier gravel supplies! our gravel and sand products can add to your property's aesthetic and functionality. whether you're looking to round out your landscape or fill in a foundation, we guarantee that you'll find the materials you need right here! get started by visiting collier materials, inc.




get your head out of the sand-we've got the best prices around!
there's a reason collier materials has been around marble falls, tx since 1973. our company provides the highest quality sand and gravel in the industry, and offers competitive rates to make securing your materials easier than ever. you can choose from a wide variety of sand and gravel types, including:limestoneseptic rockgranite gravelmasonry sandpea gravelconcrete sandriver rock, and many other natural materialslearn more about what we have to offer by calling collier materials!




create beautiful landscaping features with gravel, sand and rock
did you know that natural materials like granite and limestone can be used to create thematic landscapes? make your marble falls, texas home stand out from the crowd by crafting a yard you're proud to call your own! collier materials will supply gravel, sand and rock that can be used to create a beach look or reflect a zen japanese garden. with so many different types of textures and materials to choose from, the possibilities are endless.create a sturdy foundation, level patio pavers into place or use pebbles as an alternative to mulch when planting. get in touch with one of the professionals at collier materials, inc. to learn more about using natural materials in your landscaping works!














 







collier material inc


 











 




copyright © 2025 collier materials, inc., all rights reserved.
201 county rd. 121,  marble falls, tx 78654  

                (830) 693-2228
            





 












