



thailand travel & hotel guides


































								19. feb 2025							





modernthailand.com 




homedestination guidesayutthayabangkokchiang maichiang raihua hin/cha-amkoh changkoh samuikrabimae hong sonpattayaphang ngaphukettrangtravel articlestips & facts 





























krabi: general information
written by admin on january 15th, 2014. posted in krabi
susan hoi (fossil shell beach)
the shell graveyard at ban laem pho was once a large freshwater swamp, home to a kind of snail. over eons dating from the tertiary age, about 40 million years ago, these snails lived and died by the million, to the extent that the dead snails formed a layer upon which existed the living. eventually, weather changes precipitated the swamp’s disappearance, but by then the layer of fossilized snail shells was forty centimeters thick, resting on ten centimeters of lignite below which is the subsoil. because of geographic upheaval, this shelly limestone is now distributed in great broken sheets of impressive magnitude on the seashore at laem pho. 
 
than bokkhorani national park
than bokkhorani national park covers 37.5 rai (1 rai = 160 square meters) in tambon ao leuk tai, one kilometer from the tambon ao leuk neua market intersection on the ao luk sak road. the park is shady and forested by many different species of trees growing around the attractive pool after which the park is named, the sa bokkhorani. species include the wild gardenia, asoka, and apocynaceae. the sah bohk koranii flows through a winding passage in the mountain. at the north end of the pool is a footprint of the buddha carved in wood and a shrine of chao photo yuan – to chong. 


tham phet
tham phet is 3 kilometers from the intersection at ao luk nua market. in front is enshrined an image of buddha. the name of this cave “phet” means diamond, and indeed sparking stone casts beautiful reflections on the cave wall. the best way to get there is to first contact the national park office at than bokkhorani for guide.
 
tham phi hua to or tham hua kalok
tham phi hua to is located in amphoe ao luk on phi hua to mountains, which are surrounded by mangrove swamps. the cave is accessible by the same route as tham lod tai with its entrance not far beyond the canel to tham lod tai. from the entrance, the cave divides into 2 routes, the left one leading to a vast chamber pierced by a shaft of light, while the right routeleads to a hall believed by archaeologists to have been once a shelter for prehistoric people. rock paintings can be seen within the cave. the paintings, 70 of them, are painted in red and black and portray people as well as animals. the cave was named phi hua to or big-headed ghost owing to the unusually large skulls discovered there. a large pile of shells were also found in the cave.
 
kao phanom bencha national park
kao phanom bencha national park is 20 kilometers from krabi along talat kao-ban huai to road. it covers a total area of 50 square kilometers including some parts of amphoe ao luk, amphoe khao phanom , and amphoe muang. khao phanom bencha national park had thick forest on its highest peaks. its marvellous scenery is enhanced by strems, waterfalls, and wild animals. the park’s major attractions are follows : 
namtok huai to is located some 500 meters from the park’s office, has as its source phanhom bencha mountains. the waterfall itself runs down over rocks onto 11 huge pools, each with its own name such as wang thewada, wang sok, wang chan etc. 






namtok huai sa-de runs down over a high cliff. the waterfall is about 1.2 kilometers from the park’s office.
tham khao phung (khao phung cave) is located some 3 kilometers from the park’s office. another 5 caves are in the area nearby. the cave’s beauty is enhanced by countless stalagmites and stalactites of various shapes. some are like mushrooms, other pagodas and curtains. the walls are white and glitter brightly. 
namtok khlong haeng is about 500 meters high and springs from khao thep bencha which is the tallest mountain in krabi and is 10 kilometers from amphoe khao phanom. for accommodation within the park please contact the khao phanom bencha national park, tambon thap prik, amphoe muang, krabi 81000. 


continue reading |
		comments off 

bangkok: temples
written by admin on january 15th, 2014. posted in bangkok
wat or temples are open to all visitors. of all the temples in bangkok, only wat phra kaeo, wat pho, wat benchamabophit and wat arun charge admision fees to cover restoration costs. the addmission to the rest is free.  
 
wat phra kaeo 



the temple of the emerald buddha 
wat phra kaeo adjoin the grand palace on the same ground. these two accompanying attractions serve to be the first place on any visitor’s itinerary. the temple is regarded as the most significant of all thai temples. 
details 
 
wat pho


the temple of the reclining buddha 
this worldwide famous temple is located right next to the grand palace to the south. it is one of bangkok’s oldest and largest temples. wat pho houses the gigantic gold plated reclining buddha image. this unique image is 49 meters long and 12 metres high with beautifully inlaid mother-of-pearl soles. wat pho is also regarded as the first centre of public edu- cation and is sometimes called “thailand’s first university” 
details 
 

wat arun


the temple of dawn
located on the west bank of the chao phraya river, wat arun can be reached either by arun amarin road or by crossing the river by boat from tha tien pier, near wat pho. the most attractive structure of this temple is the 79-metre-high pagoda or “phra prang” wat arun was renovated during the brief thonburi period to be the royal chapel of king taksin. despite the meaning of its name that is “the temple of dawn” the most beautiful view of it is from the bangkok side of the river at sunset. 
details 
 

wat traimit


temple of the golden buddha
 at the end of yaowarat road, near bangkok railway station, there is a temple situated on traimit road. this temple is known for its famous golden buddha constructed during the sukhothai period. the image of solid gold is three meters high and weighs five and a half tons. 
the building holding this image is open to the public everyday from 9.00 am to 5.00 pm. 
 

wat benchamabophit  



the marble temple 
the marble temple is situated on si ayutthaya road near chitralada palace. the temple is well-known because its main building was made of marble during the reign of king rama v. the best time to visit the temple is the early hours in the morning when buddhist monks are chanting inside the chapel. the interior of the main building is magnificently decorated with exposed wooden beams of lacquer and gold plate. a large collection of bronze buddhas is lined up against the walls of the spacious inner courtyard. 
the main building is open to vistors until 5.00 pm. 
 

wat ratchanatdaram 



it is a royal temple which was built in the reign of king rama iii in 1846 and is now located on maha chai road. loha prasat (metal palace), one of its tourist attractions with 37 surrounding spires and a total height of 36 metres, is the only one of its kind existing in the world. situated in the nearby area are a royal pavilion for a guest reception and the memorial statue of king rama iii.  

 
wat bowonniwet 


the temple, located on phra sumen road in bang lamphu area, was built in 1826. wat bowonniwet is one of the most important temples in bangkok of which once before ascending the throne the chief abbot was king rama iv. his majesty king bhumibol adulyadej (rama ix) and his royal highness crawn prince maha vajiralongkorn, as well as several other males in the royal family, have temporarily ordained as monks here. bangkok’s second buddhist university is also housed at this temple. across the street from the main entrance to the wat are an english-language buddhist book shop and a thai herbal clinic.  

wat maha that 



founded in the 1700s, wat maha that is a national centre for the maha nikai monastic sect and houses one of bangkok’s two buddhist universities, maha that ratchawitthayalai. on weekends, a large produce mark is held on the grounds. 
opposite the main entrance on the other side of maha rat road is a large religious market selling amulets, or magic charms. 
the temple is open to visitors from 9.00 am to 5.00 pm everyday. also in the temple grounds is a daily open-air market that features traditional thai herbal medicine. 
the monastery’s international buddhist meditation centre offers meditation instruction in english on the second saturday of every month from 2.00 pm to 6.00 pm. those interested in more intensive instruction should contact the monks in section 5 of the temple compound. 
 

wat suthat & the giant swing 



wat suthat is featured as bangkok’s tallest wiharn and houses a 14th century buddha statue from the sukhothai period, surrounded by rather surreal depictions of the buddha’s last 24 lives. the courtyard is filled with odded statues of scholars and sailors, brought as ballast in rice boats returning from china, while the doors of the wat have been carved by king rama ii. 
in front of the temple is the famous giant swing. in an annual ceremony to celebrate the rice harvest that was still observed just before world war ii, men used to ride on the giant swing and try to grab a bag of siver coins attached to a pole; only the teak arch remains. 
many shop surrounding wat suthat stock a very comprehensive rage of buddhist ecclesiastic supplies. 
 

wat saket 



the golden mount
wat saket is an undistinguished temple except for the golden mountain or phu khao thong, on the west side of the grounds. the steep climb tip to the golden mountain puts everything back in perspective and offers views over rattanakosin island that are simply stunning. the artificial hill was created when a large chedi under construction by king rama iii collapsed because the soft soil beneath would not support it. the resulting mud-and-brick hill was left to sprout weeds until king rama iv built a small chedi on its crest. king rama v later added to the structure and housed a buddha relic from india in the chedi. the concrete walls were added during world war ii to prevent the hill from eroding. 
every november a large festival, held on the ground of wat saket, includes a candle light procession up the golden mountain. 


continue reading |
		comments off 

montien hotel editor’s review & visit
written by admin on january 10th, 2014. posted in travel articles

editor’s review
location
the hotel’s location in the heart of a central business district is especially welcomed by business travellers, but the hotel is also situated near many renowned eating and shopping venues, such as soi patpong and thaniya, just a few minutes’ walking distance away. if you walk through soi patpong and into silom, you will reach bts sky-train and mrt underground stations within just 5 minutes.
	
customer service
the montien hotel has an outstanding reputation for professional service; all former guests without exception are impressed with the service here. from the moment they step into the hotel, guests receive a warm, courteous and conscientious welcome, something which most guests will never forget.
		
accommodation
the hotel’s accommodation is also striking. the montien is considered one of the few hotels in bangkok offering unique, attractive and cosy thai interior design. most rooms are spacious, and all rooms provide comprehensive amenities. most recommended is the executive room.
	
facilities
if you have the chance to try the hotel’s recreation facilities, they will no doubt enhance your relaxation experience, such as the thai massage services, with masseuses practiced and skilled in the arts of both traditional and pressure point foot massage. the swimming pool, albeit not large in size, is bathed in sunlight and appealing for sunbathers from late morning onwards.
	
breakfast
the hotel’s restaurants are no less colourful, as they are beautifully and stylishly designed and offer tasty cuisine. however, what is most talked about is the ruan thai restaurant, which everyone always says serves an excellent breakfast, both in terms of its delectable taste and wide selection of dishes.
	
pros & cons



pros
cons





located in the heart of a central business district, close to patpong and thaniya.


internet access is subject to service charge.




outstanding reputation for professional service.

 



offers unique, attractive and cosy thai interior design.

 



excellent recreation facilities, such as thai massage.

 



delectable taste breakfast with wide selection of dishes.

 





more information on the montien hotel




check room rates and make reservation
hotel facilities
location & map




photo gallery
policy






editor’s visit

getting to the hotel
when you arrive at sala daeng bts sky-train station, you should take exit 1. if you walk straight on a little from here, you will reach soi patpong, a well-known nightlife destination. this road is a short-cut to surawong road, the location of the montien hotel, situated exactly opposite soi patpong and very convenient within just 5 minutes’ walking distance from the station.
	

	note: surawong road runs parallel to silom road, and in addition to the montien hotel, it is also the location of many other large-scale hotels such as the pan pacific hotel and the tawan ramada. it is also a renowned area for selling jewellery.
	


the hotel at a glance

west wing
	

in front of the hotel
	

north wing
	
the name of the hotel, “montien”, means “royal residence”, so its design and interior decor comes in a unique thai style. the montien is considered a long-standing hotel, constructed more than 30 years ago and consisting of two wings. the wing that looks slightly older situated to the west is called the ‘west wing’ and the other wing, which looks less old and is located to the north is the ‘north wing’. the two wings are linked together, resembling one building.
	
in front of the hotel, we meet a man dressed as an ancient soldier, who seems to receive a great deal of interest from guests walking in and out of the hotel. this man would greet hotel guests and passers-by in a friendly and polite manner, and always with a cheerful expression. he has an enthusiastic attitude and is sincerely willing to help, without guests even having to say a word.
	



a few minutes later, we learn that this warrior’s name is mr ratsak, a door man who has worked here for as many as 25 years, and has also been selected as the winner of the best hotel staff member award. until now, we are still very grateful to this man for letting us know the hotel’s slogan, “the spirit of thai hospitality”. this is just one example of hospitality that we were able to see with its own eyes, but in fact during our visit to this hotel, we were given assistance by many of the hotel staff, with great sincerity. we can guarantee a truly professional service.
	


the lobby
no one who has the opportunity to visit the lobby would deny that the interior decor is so grand, luxurious and elegant that it is difficult to describe in its entirety. take a look at the photos and see how beautiful and exquisite it is.
	

front reception
	

lobby area
	

the garden lounge offers a perfect, open atmosphere for relaxation, with a view of the garden outside. beautiful, valuable and timeless thai paintings by leading thai artists are displayed inside the garden lounge.
	

while travellers are admiring the paintings, they may also enjoy cocktails and snacks, as well as piano recitals every evening.
	


accommodation
the hotel offers a total of 475 rooms, and every room type is designed in a unique thai style, similar to the bedrooms of traditional thai houses. all rooms come equipped with comprehensive amenities, such as refrigerators, tvs, video recorders, personal safes and balconies offering views over bangkok in various directions.
	


the superior
with an area of 30m2, the superior provides sufficient comfort and space for two guests. the rooms are attractively designed and offer a classic thai atmosphere. all of the furniture is spacious and produced from good-quality wood, whether it be the work desks or the dressing tables. the dressing table area is equipped with an enormous, stylish mirror, which will not fail to please guests.
	


the superior room











the superior bathroom

the superior is spacious and very clean, and the bathroom offers a plethora of amenities.
	





the executive
the executive is only a few square metres larger than the superior, but the extra space makes this room type look much more spacious. if you look closely, you will see that the interior design of the executive is more elaborate, with carved patterns on the furniture and framed pictures hanging on the walls, enhancing the room’s thai-style ambience. guests staying in this room type are also entitled to receive special privileges at the private club on the 8th floor. they may take breakfast in a private atmosphere and be served free drinks and snacks in the evenings. we also found that the executive is decorated with a greater number of mirrors than the superior. this room type would be perfect for couples or honeymooners.
	


the executive room














the executive bathoom








the deluxe family room
this is the last room type we visited, perfect for families or those who require an extra level of comfort and relaxation. offering an area of 56m2, the deluxe family is divided into bedroom and living room areas. it is equipped with comprehensive facilities, and the bedstead area is adorned with a large thai picture which looks really grand. we are lucky that the hotel staff has looked after us so well, inviting us to visit the deluxe family room both in the west and north wings, which differ in terms of interior decor.
	


deluxe family room in the west wing












the deluxe family bathrooms look exactly the same in both wings: very spacious, clean and equipped with baths and comprehensive facilities.
	


deluxe family bathroom








deluxe family room in the north wing












even though today we are only able to visit three room types, all of the accommodation included has received great interest from guests, as there are an abundance of rooms, the rates are inexpensive bearing in mind the satisfaction that guests receive, the interior design is impressive and the amenities provided are comprehensive.
	


facilities
today we also have the opportunity to visit a multitude of hotel facilities, most of which are situated in the west wing, and have selected a few to recommend.
	
the recreation facilities here are numerous and well-liked by guests. both free and paid services are available. let’s see what’s on offer.
	


the swimmiming pool
starting with the swimming pool, the first thing that really stands out is its bali design, which creates a relaxing and appealing atmosphere. it’s late morning, the weather is very pleasant and the blazing sunshine seems to please the small number of sunbathers by the pool. the swimming pool is quite large in size, and the number of sun beds should be sufficient to cater to demand from guests.
	


swimming pool







for a change of atmosphere when the weather is hot like this, guests may also sit and have snacks or cold drinks to quench their thirst and cool down at the poolside bar.
	


the fitness centre and the souna room
although the fitness centre may not be as appealing as the swimming pool, it certainly offers another good recreational activity for your spare time, as both the fitness centre and sauna are free of charge.
	


fitness centre




sauna room
	

the montien plaza shopping centre is situated in the west wing and offers many types of shops, such as clothes jewellery, bag and souvenir shops.
	

outside the hotel is a massage parlour offering oil and foot massage services. this establishment is especially well-known for the art of pressure point foot massage.
	


banquet and convention facilities

the montienthip room
	

the function room
	


banquet and convention facilities







we offer this as a tasty dessert, although we’re not quite sure whether astrology falls into the category of relaxation. what we know for certain is that the montien hotel is a centre for many famous fortune-tellers. most guests who enjoy using these services are asian. as for the accuracy of the predictions, you may have to try for yourself on the ‘m’ floor of the west wing.
	





the restaurants
let’s move on to the restaurants. if travellers would like to find stylish, attractively designed eateries with a pleasant atmosphere, the restaurants here will certainly not disappoint, as they offer all of these features.
	


the monti restaurant
if you would like to try italian cuisine in a romantic atmosphere, try the monti on the ‘m’ floor, which serves a variety of italian and european fare and seats as many as 65 guests. the restaurant opens in the daytime and evening, and also offers an international buffet lunch from monday to friday. renowned dishes include the pressed duck, or “a la tour d’ argent”, an original french recipe.
	














the jade garden restaurant
the jade garden is located on the 3rd floor, and is no less impressive. renowned cuisine from many different parts of china is served, including dim sum at lunch time. the restaurant offers seating for 115 guests, as well as 4 connecting private rooms. the jade garden boasts chinese-european interior decor.
	











the ruenthai coffee shop
there is one more restaurant on the 3rd floor which impressed us from the moment they first stepped in. this is perhaps due to the sweet interior design, which gives the ruan thai coffee shop a bright, colourful and open atmosphere. open 24 hours a day, guests reserving rooms with breakfast will dine at this eatery.
	














club 54
situated on the hotel’s lobby floor, club54 is a suitable relaxing place for meeting or having a business chat in a comfortable atmosphere. snacks, beverages and internet access are provided for club 54 guests.
	

club 54 — located at the lobby level of the south wing
	





the montien coffee shop
the montien coffee shop is located on the lobby floor in the north wing. most guests enjoy sipping coffee and snacking on bakeries here, as the coffee shop offers a comfortable and relaxing atmosphere.
	





we must bring our visit to the montien hotel to a close; however, we sincerely hope that our review will be beneficial for tourists looking for a place to stay in the heart of bangkok. most importantly, we would like to thank the montien hoteland hotel staff for allowing us the opportunity to visit, assisting our tour, and providing much helpful information. if we have printed any erroneous information, we apologize in advance.
	




continue reading |
		comments off 

chada bangkok hotel editor’s review & visit
written by admin on january 10th, 2014. posted in travel articles

editor’s review
 the bangkok chada hotel, formerly known as the siam beverly hotel, has become a popular choice for all types of traveller, from budget to business.
location
the bangkok chada has two major attractions. the first is its location in a central business district, surrounded by food, travel and shopping venues in the heart of ratchada. only 5 minutes’ walking distance away is huay khwang mrt underground station, which may be used to access other central areas of bangkok, such as silom or sukhumvit in just a few minutes.
	
accommodation
the second is its accommodation, which is spacious, spotlessly clean and offers attractive views of the city. the hotel has also recently carried out renovations, so that the rooms now look newer and more modern.
	
room rates
the room rates offer great value, one of the reasons for the hotel’s increasing popularity among guests.
	
facilities
although wi-fi internet access is not free, the service charge is not expensive. the swimming pool, albeit not very large, is situated on the roof deck, and offers a private atmosphere, perfect for sunbathing.
	
service
former guests were quite satisfied with the service, describing the staff as friendly, sincere and enthusiastic.
	
pros & cons



pros
cons





located in a central business district and surrounded by food, travel and shopping venues and mrt underground station.


internet access is not free.




guest rooms are spacious, spotlessly clean and offers attractive views of the city.

 



the room rates are very reasonable.

 



friendly and sincere staff.

 





more information on the bangkok chada hotel




check room rates and make reservation
hotel facilities
location & map




photo gallery
policy






editor’s visit

we would now like to invite travellers to visit the bangkok chada hotel, although many people may know it as the siam beverly hotel, as it has only recently been renamed. the main attraction of this hotel lies in its location near huay khwang mrt underground station, a convenient food and travel venue particularly popular with leisure and business tourists. the room rates are very reasonable and appeal to all types of traveller.
	


the hotel at a glance

the front of the hotel.
	

the hotel’s outer appearance.
	
it took around five minutes for us to walk from huay khwang mrt underground station to the hotel. its outer appearance is that of a medium-scale 16 storey building on the main road. the hotel looks very new, due to recent refurbishments.
	


the lobby












we believe that anyone who visits the lobby will be satisfied with its spacious, elegant and open design. its modern and stylish interior decor is really worthy of more than 3 stars, especially the reception area, which we were particularly keen on.
	

the lobby lounge and internet area is situated in quite a secluded location, perfect for sitting down to relax.
	

wi-fi internet access is also available for guests, subject to a service charge of 100 baht per 2 hours, not considered expensive.
	


accommodation
the hotel offers a total of 215 rooms, and the major attraction of the accommodation is that every room type has been renovated and designed in contemporary minimalist style, providing a relaxing and comfortable atmosphere in a reasonably spacious environment.
	


the most inexpensive room type: the superior
the superior is the most common and inexpensive room type. it offers an area of 30m2, simple but modern interior décor and a comfortable and spacious atmosphere. guests may request either double or twin beds, and quite a range of in-room amenities are offered. in the past, the rooms were carpeted, but now laminated flooring is used. the benefits of laminated flooring are that it looks clean, it’s easy to clean and guests needn’t be worried about the accumulation of dust.
	














the deluxe
with an area of 32m2, this room type offers a little more comfort, although its in-room amenities are no different to that of the superior. indeed, even the interior design is the same.
	


the deluxe room (twin bed)














the deluxe room (double bed)














the junior suite
this is the largest room type, with an area of 60m2 divided into bedroom and living room areas.    the junior suite only provides a double bed, but offers a view of the city. rooms at the front of the hotel offer a more attractive view than those at the rear.
	


junior suite














the bathrooms
bathrooms in all room types are medium-sized and include baths. the interior design is standard, and looks simple and clean.
	











fitness room
unfortunately, the hotel’s facilities are currently undergoing renovations, so the photos provided are not up-to-date.
	

the fitness room is quite large and offers a wide range of exercise equipment in good condition.
	


the swimmiming pool
the swimming pool is situated on the top floor. although not very large in size, the pool’s location offers plenty of sunshine and an attractive city panorama. the number of sunbeds ought to be sufficient to cater to guests’ needs.
	


swimming pool














the canna restaurant
the canna restaurant is the hotel’s only eatery, serving breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets. it is open 24 hours a day.
	


we must bring our visit to the bangkok chada hotel to a close; however, we sincerely hope that our review will be beneficial for tourists looking for a place to stay in the heart of bangkok. most importantly, we would like to thank the bangkok chada hoteland hotel staff for allowing us the opportunity to visit, assisting our tour, and providing much helpful information. if we have printed any erroneous information, we apologize in advance.
	




continue reading |
		comments off 

thailand public holidays
written by admin on january 10th, 2014. posted in tips & facts



- january 1 new year’s day 


- february 13 makha puja day  


- april 6 chakri day  


- april 13 songkran festival 


- april 14 family day


- may 1 national labour day 


- may 5 coronation day


- may 11 royal ploughing ceremony day


- may 12 visakha puja day  


- july 10 asalha puja day


- july 11 khao phansa day (buddhist lent) 


- august 12 h.m. the queen’s birthday 


- october 23 chulalongkorn day


- december 5 h.m. the king’s birthday


- december 10 constitution day


- december 31 new year’s eve 



   
    
   
 


continue reading |
		comments off 

destinations/phuket/museums.html
written by admin on january 10th, 2014. posted in phuket
scuba diving     



phuket is the center the scuba diving buisness. popular locations for diving include similan, surin and phi phi islands. instruction and equipment are available at the main beaches, with teachers of various nationalities. beginner courses are inexpensive, so if you have never learned to scuba dive, phuket is a great place to learn. 
 
snorkeling    


the bays in phuket contain many interesting coral reefs. equipment can be rented from dive shops around the island.  

swimming    


swimming at some beaches during the monsoon season is not recommended. look for posted signs and flags indicating conditions for safe swimming ; if the red flag is flying, do not go swimming in the ocean!  

yacht services   


yachtsmen visiting phuket can enjoy a full range of services, including dry dock facilities and boat repairs, and safe and secure moorings, principally at ao chalong, the phuket boat lagoon marina and laem prao marina. yachts of ever shape and size can be chartered, either as bareboats or with full crew. please check with the phuket immigration office for details regarding bringing in a yacht, or leaving by yacht. 
rules and regulations


continue reading |
		comments off 

phuket: museums
written by admin on january 10th, 2014. posted in phuket
antique buildings


the beginning of the tin boom during the nineteenth century led to construction of many fine old mansions and shops still well preserved. the architectural style, typical of the region, is described as sino-portuguese and has a strongly mediterranean chracter. shops present a very narrow face on the street but stretch back a long way. many, especially on dibuk rd., have old wooden doors with chinese fretwork carving. other streets, forming what might be called “old phuket”, with similar structures are phang-nga, yaowarat, thalang, and krabi, and a walking tour of the area is easy and delightful. some other old european-style buildings of note are the provincial hall (sala klang), the phuket courthouse (san changwat), and nakhon luang thai bank.  
phuket aquarium


more than one hundred species of sea life are on display at the aquarium, many of them taken from the water around phuket. open daily, 8:30 a.m. 4:00 p.m. admission is 5 baht for children and 20 baht for adults. the aquarium is located at cape panwa, on the island’s extreme southeast. a songtaew (local bus) can be taken from the talad sot, or fresh market. tel. (076) 391126. 
phuket butterfly farm and aquarium


tropical species of butterflies, other insects, and many kinds of marine life are on display. located in sam kong about 3 kms. from downtown phuket. open daily, 9:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m.tel. (076) 215616, 210861. 
saphan hin


a land reclamation project provided abundant new land now used for parks and public facilities at sapan hin, located where phuket rd., meets the sea in phuket town. in the circle is the tin mining monument, shaped like a large drill bit, dedicated to the memory of captain edward thomas miles, the australian who brought the first tin dredge to phuket in 1909. the monument was built in 1969 on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of tin dredging in phuket. the sport center is located in the park. 
phuket sea shell museum


perhaps the world’s most valuable collection of seashells has been put on display at phuket seashell near rawai beach on the island’s southwestern shores. the emphasis is on shells from phuket and thai waters, which are among the most sought-after by collectors, however shells from every part of the world are featured. wherever they originate, each shell in the shell museum is the best of its type–very often the only of its type. displays have been created in a logical order, and visitors can see at once differing characteristics among related species. there are numerous rarities and freaks including the world’s largest golden pearl (140 karats), large sections of sedimentary rock containing shell fossils that represent the earth’s earliest life-forms, and a shell that weighs 250 kilograms. one of the world’s great private museums, the shell museum is open daily from 8:00 a.m. till 7:00 p.m. for details call 381266, or 381274. 
thalang national museum


ancient artifacts from phuket ‘s long history are on display; the oldest were found on the west coast. in addition there are exhibits detailing the famous battle of thalang involving the two heroines, daily life in phuket, and the sea gipsy culture. tel. (076) 311025, 311426; open daily except holidays 8:30 a.m. – 4:00 p.m. located just east of the two heroines monument on the pa khlok rd. 
thai village and orchid farm


also on thepkasattri road, the village serves daily a typical southern thai lunch that is followed by a spectacular cultural show including thai dances, sword-fight ing, thai boxing,demonstration of old time tin-mining, southern customs and elephants. handicrafts are also on display. 
the morning showing starts at 11:00 a.m. the evening showing at 5:30 p.m. tel. (076) 214860, 237400  


continue reading |
		comments off 

phuket: forest & waterfalls
written by admin on january 10th, 2014. posted in phuket
khao phra thaeo wildlife conservation development and extension center


22.28 square kilometers of virgin forest are coverd by this park, which also actively conserves a number of wild animals; they would otherwise be extinct in fast-growing phuket. it is a center for study of the environment. forest vegetation is spectacular : giant trees supported by huge buttresses are thick with creepers and climbers of every description.  
one species of palm found, the governor’s palm or white back palm (palm lang khao in thai) is especially rare. langurs, barking deer, mouse deer, deer, bear, wild boar, monkeys, gibbons, and many species of birds inhabit the forest. khao phra thaeo serves also as one of phuket’s most important water sources. there are two waterfalls of note: 
ton sai 
a small falls over which pours a great volume of water during the rainy season. the trees, watercourses, and pools nearby provide one of phuket’s loveliest scenes. the park headquarter and a small restaurant with an excellent view are also at ton sai. located near thalang town, 22 kms. from phuket town 
 
bang pae 
best known now as the site of the gibbon fund, a project to return domesticated gibbons to the forest, bang pae is a small waterfall with a shady forest and thick foliage surrounding. to get there go to the two heroines monument and take the road running east, the pakhlok rd., 7 kms. to bang pae. look for the posted signs. 
mangrove forest


situated in sirinat national park near ta chatchai on phuket’s northern tip, the mangroves–saltwater swamps with unique eco-systems much prized by scientists searching for clues about adaptation and evolution–cover about 800 rai. anyone with an interest in horticulture will be interested in the many unusual perennial plants found here: mountain ebony (kong kang bai lek), red cycas (prong daeng), black myrsina (samae dam), the lady’s nails quisqualis (leb mue nang), and various creepers and climbers are among the more significant. there are also many mongrove-dwelling animals with unique evolutionary characteristics. a nature trail has been cleared for the convenience of visitors with signs indicating and explaining the various species.  


continue reading |
		comments off 

phuket: temples
written by admin on january 10th, 2014. posted in phuket
chalong temple

this is where stands the cast statue of luang por cham, who helped the people of phuket put down the angyee, or chinese coolie, rebellion in 1876 during the reign of rama v. there are also statues of luang por chaung, and luang por gluam. other monks, who were abbots of the temple during later times, and who are the objects of respect and recipients of the offerings by phuket people generally.
chalong temple is about 8 kms. outside town. take vichit songkram rd., to the bypass rd., and turn left, and drive for about 10 mins. wat chalong will be on your left.
phra nang sang temple

the grounds of this historic temple are where the battle of thalang took place in 1785. inside are three very old statues wrought in tin of the buddha; they are the largest in the world and date from a time when tin was regarded as a semi-precious metal. the bellies of the three big statues each contains a smaller statue, from which derives their name, “monks in the belly” in local vernacular. or “the three kings” in formal language. located on thep krasatri rd., in thalang town at the tracffic light.
phra tong temple

this temple enshrines a golden buddha image that sprang up from beneath the earth long ago. the story is of a young boy who tied his buffalo to what he thought was a post; it was in an area at that time given over to the raising of animals. after doing so, he fell down in agony and died. the father of the boy dreamed that the reason his son had died was for the sin of tying a filthy buffalo to a sacred object, that what the boy thought was a post was in reality the golden peak of the buddha’s conical cap. he told his neighbors the dream and they all went out to dig up the statue but had no success.
later, at the time of thao thep kasatri’s heroic defense against the burmese in 1785, the invaders tried to succeed where the villagers had failed; their intention was to take the buddha image back to burma. sacred objects and slaves were then the most sought after spoils for armies. the burmese, however, were unable to retrieve the golden buddha despite several attempts; they were finally driven off by a swarm of angry hornets.
after this the villagers decided to protect their miraculous statue by covering the part that stuck up from the ground with a plaster cast of buddha’s head and shoulders’s which is the way it is today. located north of the traffic light on the outskirts of thalang town. a large sign shows the entrance.


continue reading |
		comments off 

thai food
written by admin on january 8th, 2014. posted in things to see & do
the greatest thing you can’t miss when you visit thailand is tasting thai food. thai food is unique and becomes one of the most popular symbols of thailand. thai food tastes spicy, sour, and simply delicious. chili and coconut are main ingredients in most menus. dishes that do not comprise of chili are usually served with sauces made from chili. other ingredients like lemon, galingale, and lemon grass help prevent cancer. 
thai food varies in each part of the country. it is mainly divided into four groups of four geographical regions: the north, the northeast, the middle, and the south. thai food is as diverse as the peoples, history, cultures, the natural environment, and the neighboring countries. northern food is influenced by burmese food; many northeastern dishes derive from cambodian food whereas southern food has some similarities to malay food. 

the royal cuisine
sometimes translated into english as palace cuisine, this is a heritage from the days of absolute monarchy, when only the best was served at the royal table. every dish must be pleasing to both the eye and the palate. not only must the ingredients be carefully selected and the cooking techniques perfected, the presentation must also be creative. today royal cuisine can be sampled at some restaurants whose chefs are descended from, or were trained by, former palace chefs. look for the key word “royal” or “palace” in their names. 
some cooking schools offer classes on this refined art, but if you don’t have the time or the inclination, you can opt for just a vegetable and fruit carving class. most schools and restaurants offering cooking classes can arrange such a course, which can take anywhere from an afternoon to a whole week. after a few basic sessions and some practice at home, you should be able to wow your dinner guests with your new skills. 
how to order thai food

thai fruits 


continue reading |
		comments off 

1234»last
 





destination guides
bangkokayutthayachiang maichiang raihua hin/cha-am



tips & facts
thailand public holidaysdo’s & don’ts for trekkerstraveller cheques & credit cardsvat refunds for touristsdo’s and don’ts in thailandsome useful thai wordsgetting around thailandcustoms regulationsvisasgeneral infobangkok (suwannaphum) airport



things to see & do
thai foodgolf holidaysadventure & sportsshoppinghilltribes in thailandcivilization sourcesmassage & spathai boxingbeauty of natureculture & way of life

 




















