



















bay state milling - a trusted family of ingredients


































































































productsview all productswheat + ryehealthsense® high-fiber wheattraditional bakeryryespecialtyorganicoatssownaked® mindfully farmed oatspurity protocol gluten-free oatsgluten freesownaked® mindfully farmed oatspurity protocol gluten-free oatsmilletchickpea flourancient grainsrice flourseeds & spicesedible seedscinnamonblends + mixesunique varietalsinnovationsupply chainabout uswho we arenewscontact uscareerscustomer portal







home



 
































 










on a mission to create a better food system 



for 125 years, bay state milling has been on a mission to provide access to healthy, delicious, responsibly sourced and produced food ingredients. this relentless pursuit of better has spanned five generations of family ownership and continues to evolve as our food system and the way we eat changes. but one thing remains constant – relationships. from the seed, to the lab, to the mill, our team of experts works with partners throughout the value chain to ensure every product that includes our ingredients lives up to our mission. 







 
get to know us better



















highest quality
ingredients for 
every application 











our broad range of traditional and gluten-free flours, grains, seeds, mixes, and blends are responsibly sourced from our dedicated supplier and grower partners, expertly processed and milled to meet exacting specifications, shipped from our strategically located facilities and seamlessly integrated into our customers’ operations – where they’re transformed into the wholesome foods consumers love. 















 
explore our products































obsessed with innovation 











from reinventing existing products to developing new ones, our team of food and grain scientists, culinary experts, and nutritionists work collaboratively with our partners and customers from the field to the kitchen. from our innovation hub, the rothwell grainessentials center, our team develops products that are nutritious, delicious and on-trend with consumers’ ever-changing palates. 







 
learn more about howwe love to innovate























committedto quality 











we deliver more than ingredients to our customers; we deliver peace of mind. at bay state milling, we partner directly with growers at origin – forging strong relationships and providing a reliable supply of raw materials essential to navigating today’s dynamic market conditions. and it is just as important, we hold ourselves accountable – putting stringent quality assurance protocols in place and certifying our ingredients to the highest standards. 















 
learn more aboutour commitment 











 















news! 



stay up-to-date on the latest bay state milling news!  







bay state milling recognized as a us best managed company for the second time 

bay state milling company has been selected by deloitte as a 2024 us best managed company after also being honored in 2023. the award, sponsored by deloitte private and the wall street journal, is now in its fifth year of recognizing the achievements of private companies in the u.s. and the successes of their management […]
				


						learn more
						







sxsw 2024: bay state milling seeds change for global health

bay state milling’s ceo, pete levangie, had the honor of hosting a thought-provoking panel, “getting grain-ular: seeding change for global health” at sxsw 2024 this past march. the panel brought together experts from the nutrition, science, and consumer perspectives, including dr. deborah kennedy, chef, phd nutritionist, and ceo of culinary rehab; stacey pool, chief marketing […]
				


						learn more
						







bay state milling celebrates 125 years of seeding change in the food industry

fifth generation for the largest family-owned, privately held miller in the u.s winona, minn. – june 20, 2024 – 2024 marks 125 years of business and the fifth generation for bay state milling company, the largest family-owned, privately held grain miller in the united states. according to the family business consulting group, only 3% of family-owned […]
				


						learn more
						















 
  click here for more news 




















bay state milling company100 congress street, quincy, ma 02169copyright © 2024


privacy policyterms of usecontactcareerscustomer portal
linkedin





























