






office of head start interim management | cdi head start



























 








skip to main content











home
about

parents
community


locations
employment

 opens in a new windowcareers
benefits


 


select page


  
 
 












office of head start interim management continues the mission of head start, providing no-cost, high-quality childcare for eligible families with children ages 0-5.

parents start here









operated by









locations













serving head start programs in transition

the office of head start (ohs) appoints an interim manager to operate a head start or early head start program when that community’s current grantee’s responsibility for the program ceases.
ohs interim management is operated by cdi head start.

about ohs interim management







 trusted partner

we work with families, staff, and the community to successfully serve head start programs in transition.








for parents
we are dedicated to providing free, high-quality childcare for ages 0-5. for information on programs in your area, including contact information, click here.








for staff
stay updated on your program’s transition process, including hiring fairs and logistical information here.








for the community
find out about how we work with our local communities, including community partners and vendors here.













main office 10065 e. harvard avenue suite 700 denver, co 80231 info@cdiheadstart.orgcreate new email



media queries media@acf.hhs.govcreate new email

accessibility 

 opens in a new windowfollow







 

















 accessibility tools
hide
xaccessibility (ctrl+m)xthe accessibility of our website is taken very seriously. we strive to meet wcag 2.1 aa web accessibility standards by routinely evaluating our website using automated evaluation tools and manual testing when required. as content changes we review and correct issues and are responsive to our users needs. if you encounter issues with our website, please report them so they may be corrected in a timely manner.return to top of page our commitmentxhot key: ctrl-q 




















