



condos for sale - south carolina, north carolina, florida and georgia























join the condo living network         home   |    search foreclosures   |    

     |      advertise     |    contact     






north carolinacondos
south carolinacondos
georgia condos
florida condos
sc penthouses
condo financing
mortgagecalculator
condo specialists
condo resources
condos inforeclosure
foreclosure articles


search the coastal living network 














the arboretumwest ashley, sc


ocean club villaswild dunes, sc

charter landingcarolina beach, nc
dolphin shoresholden beach, nc

waterway landingsunset beach, nc
beachside villasamelia island, fl

harbor pointetitusville, fl
solana lakescape canaveral, fl





charleston cruises
coastal retirement towns
search charleston real estate


love our trees!  read digital!







condos - town homes vacations

save our trees!  read now!







relocation - retirement  real estate

free myrtle beach vacation guides


search charleston mls



all nc condos
121 market street
carolina shores resort
charter landing
fairfield harbour
grande meridian resort
moss landing
sunset village at sandpiper bay
surf city gateway
village at mayfaire
all sc condos
285 plaza court
the albemarle
charleston luxury condos
charleston oceanfront villas
colony at heron reserve
hidden river on the ashley
plantation club villas
the preserve at clam farm
port o'call villas
renaissance on charleston harbor
tides charleston
all fl condos
21 riverside
cocoa beach pier
deston condos
the meridian
ocean estates penthouse
pensacola beach
south beach keys
summer place
whitley bay
resource articles
amelia island condos
amelia island purchased 1970
brevard community profiles
brunswick county
the changing face of condominium living
charleston's historic condos
condo-hotels
furnishing your home
hilton head condos
mt pleasant memorial   waterfront park
oceanfront living myrtle beach
villas with views
 

daniel islandreal estate




print    

condos, townhomes, villas and condo hotels
north carolina condos for sale, south carolina condos for salegeorgia condos, florida condos



get more info about these condos
name (required): 
email (required): 
phone (required):  
		
		approximate price range:  to 
area of interest: 
		
		which state? 
choose
north carolina
south carolina 
florida
georgia
not decided/other

 






 

renaissance on charleston harbor: mt pleasant, sc
renaissance on charleston harbor has offered spectacular views since its two eight-story buildings rose into the south carolina sky on the mount pleasant side of the cooper river in 2002. its residents can watch the sun rise and fall over resplendent charleston harbor as... read more 








the preserve at clam farm: folly beach, sc
in the 1960s, folly beach was quite a tourist destination and a new oceanfront plaza was built to replace the oceanfront hotel and pavilion, which burned down in 1957. the preserve at the clam farm's 62 luxury three- and four-bedroom townhouse condominiums, an era tides realty… read more 








reverie on the ashley, north charleston, sc
reverie's condos are located on the protected tidal marsh banks of the historic ashley river conveniently located to downtown charleston, inspired by south carolina's rich architectural history. sheltered by the luscious shade of magnificent oaks, reverie on the ashley offers the serene quality of life so many people crave...read more 








ocean place, amelia island, fl
amelia island has survived and thrived through the twists and turns of history to become one of the world’s premier vacation destinations. one of the best spots on... read more









harbor del rio, fl
whether you dream of spending your leisure hours gazing at calm, clear water or at a blue sky ablaze with fire, you’ll appreciate the views from the penthouses at... read more









passage point at echo farms golf & country club
in north carolina, there is a point where elegance meets affordable living. it is called passage point at echo farms golf and country club and it just might be the ideal home for those wishing to settle in wilmington. “passage point is condominium living at its best, embracing a ‘lock it and leave it’ attitude that gives one the freedom to”... read more









kingston plantation: myrtle beach, sc
pat walkey of the walkey team, senior broker with prudential burroughs & chapin, recalls being there back at the beginning of kingston plantation in 1986 selling on-site... read more









financing a condotel purchase, myrtle beach, sc
more people than ever before can now afford to purchase a vacation home in a resort destination. thanks to companies such as oceanfront guru real estate sales & development... read more









ellington woods, mount pleasant, sc
mature oaks, palms and palmettos line the streets of fashionable dunes west, just off highway 41 in mount pleasant, south carolina, and home to ellington woods, a residential community designed specifically for the best... read more









condotel: myrtle beach, sc
melding privately-owned condominiums with a tourist market hungry for accommodations that offer top-of-the-line amenities, condotels are as much a part of the resort-destination... read more









the historic fowle: washington, nc
washington’s roots are rich in history. located at the intersection of the tar and pamlico rivers, in the heart of north carolina’s inner banks, the town has earned its spot... read more









charter landing: carolina beach, nc
the latest offering by wilmington-based rockford partners, charter landing, promises fantastic views and ocean breezes from a custom-built condominium property... read more









savannah quarters, savannah, ga
savannah. even simply saying the name compels you to take your time by rolling over her syllables as if to savor the city like a cherished slice of her famous pecan pie... read more



north carolina condos | south carolina condos | florida condos | georgia condos
mortgage calculator |  foreclosure articles | condo resources
 


florida retirement info
 retiring to cocoa florida 
 retiring to amelia island florida 

north carolina retirement info
south carolina retirement info  






search all information providedby the condo living network












 




sc condos for sale:
condos for sale •

      little river condos •	  
      myrtle beach condos •	  
      mt pleasant condos •
      isle of palms condos •
      wild dunes condos

sc condos for sale:
charleston condos •
      folly beach condos •
      seabrook island condos •
      hilton head condos

fl condos for sale:
amelia island condos •
      cape canaveral condos •
      cocoa beach condos •
      merritt island condos

other links:
retirement information on mountain towns • florida luxury homes for sale • real estate video demo




	  © 2003-2025 coastal condo living. all rights reserved. site design and maintenance by media services, real estate websites (new)

	











