









flower photography landscape & nature photographs andy small

























































 





 skip to navigation
skip to content

 


search for:

search


 
 
menu
home
about the artist
galleries/shop
how to buy prints

prints on canvas
prints on paper
glass splashbacks and prints on glass


events
workshops
contact

homeabout the artist
basket
checkout
contact
galleries/shop
how to buy prints

glass splashbacks and prints on glass
prints on brushed aluminium
prints on canvas
prints on paper


my account
privacy policy
terms and conditions





£0.00 0 items



 










andy small – fine art  nature and flower photography 

last few remaining leaves
flower photography – landscape & nature photographs by andy small
fine art photographs of the natural world
andy is an rhs flower photography workshop course tutor who regularly runs flower photography workshops at rhs garden wisley. four photography workshops are planned for 2025. details can be found on the events page
bespoke one to one and small group workshops are also now available. please see the workshops page for details.
andy’s workshops focus on the creative and artistic aspects of flower and nature photography.
images and products available in the  galleries/shop    glass splashbacks   greetings cards
come and visit andy’s studio and garden during hampshire open studios taking place between 16th -25th august 2025  please follow the link for more information and to see last year’s listing

https://hampshireopenstudios.org.uk/artists/basingstoke/item/andy-small
 
alliums
andy gives talks and presentations to many societies and camera clubs these are either on his flower photography, landscape photography or a combination of both. upcoming talks can be found on the events page
andy has found success by being one of the uk’s most original, artistic and creative flower photographers who exhibits regularly at events in the uk.
allium star of persia
a comprehensive list of the shows can be found on the events page and includes many of the royal horticultural society flower shows including rhs chelsea flower show, rhs tatton park flower show and also the flower shows at rhs wisley, rhs hyde hall and rhs rosemoor. andy also exhibits with craft in focus at many of their shows where a comprehensive range of his flower photography as well as landscape photographs can be seen
itchen wood
andy also has a love of the landscape of the british isles and you can see a comprehensive selection of his landscape photography from around uk in the landscape pages of the galleries. recent trips include pembrokeshire, cornwall and the lake district.
andy has been commended in the 2018 landscape photographer of the year award
andy’s fine art  landscape nature &  flower photography can be purchased as prints on canvas, glass, framed and mounted on paper and  prints on aluminium.
please see galleries page to view the images.
prints on glass and kitchen splashbacks are all made in the uk.
andy has recently introduced prints on brushed aluminium. these are striking and they can be viewed at any of the events where andy will be exhibiting. they have the added benefit of being highly water resistant so can be used in sheltered areas outside or in bathrooms.
hogweed splashback
orange poppy splashback
astrantia flower photography glass kitchen splashback
large garlic and mushroom prints on glass
 
please note, the studio will be closed until march. any orders placed online will not be processed until the reopening in march





galleriesnew work
art forms in nature
coast
flowers
land
wood
harvest
early work
frames
triptychs
greetings cards
square greetings cards
7 x 5 greetings cards
panoramic greetings cards
small square greetings cards


glass coasters
glass worktop savers
andy small calendar 2025
gift vouchers
contact andy you can reach andy using the contact page, or alternatively you can email andy@andysmall.co.uk.

social media 














copyright © - andy small.


how to buy prints | 
prints on canvas | 
prints on paper | 
prints on glass


terms and conditions | privacy policy




my account 

search 

search for:

search


 


cart				0









 








web design berkshire


