






 eric lerner -- community & organizational development for not-for-profits and local government 


 






eric lerner, ph.d. 


community & organizational
development 




publications
|workshops
|services
|about
|home






hi -- i'm eric lerner. i'm a consultant and trainer for community organizations,
including not-for-profits and local governments.  welcome to my website.
i can help facilitate creative, insightful, action-oriented thinking about
the most important challenges facing your organization.  i'm especially
interested in smooth organizational transitions, and creating participatory,
low-cost ways for community organizations to succeed. details.
 what's new?


board retreats i can help your
not-for-profit board or community group plan and facilitate retreats for
strategic planning, team building, or to resolve other important issues.
i've added a new webpage with details.


links page.  no website
is complete without a links page, so here's a few of the online resources
i've found most useful. 

i ran for mayor of ithaca in 2003.  visit my political website at www.lerner2003.org.






 workshops. 
susan lerner is my wife and training partner.  we offer workshops
for not-for-profit and local government organizations, as well as personal
skill-building workshops for the public.  our workshops are practical,
participatory and fun.  details.
 about
me. i have a lifetime of experience building successful community
organizations. i'm an educator, a community developer, an experienced agency
executive and local elected official, and a trained philosopher. 
i've been successful in developing flexible, participatory, results-based
approaches across a broad range of issue areas, including local government
budgeting, solid waste management, justice system planning, community festivals,
university-based community development, and many others.  details. 
 writing.
take a look at some of my recent writing on community and organizational
development and the future of tompkins county.
 susan
lerner is my wife and partner in consulting and training. 
she's a trained social worker offering personal counseling to individuals
and couples.  click here
to visit her website.


eric lerner, ph.d.
community & organizational development
504 south plain street
ithaca, ny  14850
(607) 273-1154
elerner@twcny.rr.com.
photo by rick lightbody
page updated august 12, 2004




publications
|workshops
|services
|about
|home







free counters provided by honesty.com.


