


































lost without you






































































































?

?









































































































































                                    





























































































































































livejournal






find more


communities


rss reader




shop









                                help
                            







                                    search
                                









                                    log in



























log in




                                        join free
                                    

                                        join
                                    







                                          english
                                        
                                        (en)
                                

english (en)

русский (ru)

українська (uk)

français (fr)

português (pt)

español (es)

deutsch (de)

italiano (it)

беларуская (be)













































wampum_prayer
—














< no suspend reason >









readability




















                    more
                














wampum_prayer







                                archive
                            



                                photos
                            



                                video
                            





readability






























log in


no account?
create an account








































remember me



                                forgot password
                            




                        log in
                        














log in









qr code

























































no account?

                    create an account
                
by logging in to livejournal using a third-party service you accept livejournal's user agreement





lost without you
(latest 20 entries) (calendar) (friends)  (user info)navigate: (previous 20 entries)
monday, july 20, 2009

10:00pm
well i am back from my long journey to la on a bus mind you! but i did it and i did something i never thought i would do. i saw tori amos perform live. it was an amazing experience, and the greek theatre was beautiful. i was actually quite cold being up in the trees, (being that the greek is outside). but it was an awesome concert.me and jesse went to stay with his cousin, which absolutely awesome, and spent two and half days with her. i won't really say much for the la trip in general, but i will say that i do believe i saw, and receieved a smile, laugh and nod from robert pattinson (edward from twilight) from the next car. that was awesome.well lets get to the concert. her opener one eskimo was quite good. couldn't get passed his dancing, but the band and his vocals were really good. they are from london and i would definately check them out if you have a chance. some good stuff.on to the concert, tori walked in wearing leather pants, a white blouse, that buckled and flared out in back to a train, and a shawl draped across the back adhered to the top. her shoes were black stilletto heels, and were absolutely hott!!the songs she played were: give, siren, graveyard, cornflake girl, icicle, sugar, marys of the sea, bells for her, carbon, liquid diamonds, mary jane, jackie's strength, china, curtain call, fast horse, space dog, mother revolution, precious things, strongs black vine, and her encore, police me, big wheel, and tear in your hand!seeing her play these songs, reminds me why i love her so much. the one's that stood out to me, were of course precious things and cornflake girl. i thought i would never hear or see tori perform live, except for her live cd's and dvd's. but seeing the performed live makes you forget you were on a bus all day. it was well worth it, to be on a bus, and the result was to see tori perform.i could go into more detail, but i don't know how to do that cut thing, so i better end it here. but let me just say it was an awesome concert, and was so happy to see her perform live.
current mood:  excited
(5 thoughts | bring me to life)

saturday, may 17, 2008

8:44pm - celtic women concert
i was so excited to see celtic women on wednesday, and the girls did not fail me. i took my partner and his mother and my mom and our roommate. i drove almost two hours to the concert and knew it was worth it. it took place in the lovely city of bakersfield in the rabobank theatre. the concert was absolutely gorgeous.  i was bummed to see that lisa was not going to be there due to maternity leave, meav to focus on her solo career, and hayley who is in europe on her tour. but chloe, orla, mariead, lynn, alex did a beautiful job. there were a couple songs that were song that was different from what i am used to, but otherwise it was gorgeous.the music, the gowns, the vocals, and just the pure beauty of this women made this a beautiful night. here song i love like "the voice," "orinoco flow," "at the ceili," and many others, i could not have asked for a better evening. if they come to your town or close to you, i highly recommend you see them if you are a fan. you will not feel you wasted your money, though the tickets are not that bad in price. otherwise, i am out for summer break from college which i am happy about. man i have a degree already but here i am going for a new one. but this one is completely different from my other major. i am going into the health information technology program to become a medical coder one day. so that is what i am up to. work is fun, and keeping me busy. seven days a week of work lately, but we need to get out department ready for accredidation and all that good stuff. so have a nice weekend all.
current mood:  calm
(2 thoughts | bring me to life)

sunday, april 1, 2007

12:55am - the sky and the dawn and the sun
i haven't written in here forever, but i wanted to drop by and say a big ole happy birthday to queer_theoryi hope you had a great one sweetie, ~huggs~
current mood:  mellow
(1 thought | bring me to life)

thursday, june 1, 2006

2:10am - i believe in the sun, even when it is not shinning
hello my friends. i haven't posted here for a while, so this is what has been going on.about three weeks ago, my chihuahua got out, and haven't seen her since. she is old and have had her a long time, so it was hard but i came to realize that we got her as a stray she wanted to live her final days as a stray. because i felt like she was going to die pretty soon anyway. so we had an ad run for a while and then checked the dog pound everyday as well, but nothing. so i hope she is off with someone living her final days out.moving on to work. work is ok, i am working now in the men's department which is fun, but boring at times. i work alone mostly when i work, so it's quite boring, but i keep myself busy. i am doing more now in men's than i think i would have ever done in rtw. but that's about it. my old boss are getting along better, but that won't last long. so other than that, life has been normal. i go to work, come home and read and sleep. just wanted to let you know what was up.
current mood:  good
(bring me to life)

saturday, may 6, 2006

11:46pm - from sadness to happiness.
well my week has been of ups and downs..first off i had to work six days straight, but i am not really complaining, it will be a good paycheck even if it only totals 37.5 hours. but still good paycheck.then after the third day of markdowns after being yelled at twice, i get off work to find that my dad left and went off to pick up my mom and had to stand there and wait for about a good 45 minutes, until the came and picked me up which was not fun...then i get in the car to find my dad pissed off and anfry and find out that my oldest chihuahua that i have had for almost 13 years got out of the backyard and has gone missing. and it's been four days and nothing, we have gone to the pound three times since, and i have a description at the spca. i have gone out for walks about twice a day thinking i am going to walk and just find her, and find myself walking around my neighborhood around 12 or 1 in the morning, which i have done twice now. so i don't know what i am thinking, but a part of me, thinks i am just going to walk and see her just sitting and i can bring her home, but i think we will never find her, and probably she is already dead. but i am hoping some old lady has her and is taking care of her. a man can wish.but cut to three days ago, i go onto myspace, and see an e-mail from a friend of mine from college and she asks me if i can go to her twins baptism, and i said i would try because it's in delano, and i can get there, i just have to ask for the day off...and that made her happy and then she proceeds to tell me she has another question and she asked me if i would love to be a godfather to one of the boys, because there are two sets of godparents. and i was shocked but i have told her yes. so i am now the godfather of a innocent being. it feels so awesome. i am so excited and can't stop smiling when i think about it. so that is going to be a good day, and the best news i have heard for a while.well that's about it.
current mood:  calm
(bring me to life)

friday, april 21, 2006

12:07am - it's hard to hide it well
hey my dear friends, i just wanted to let you all know, that i am well, and just living life the best way i know how. work is better, and i found out why one of my bosses is all over my butt right now, and it's because she is trying to get me to know the department inside and out, so i can help the new girl when she comes in. which is cool, but damn get off my butt.i really like three of the girls i work with we get along quite well. but there is one girl her name is erika and she is so fun to work with..i mean we talk, but we constantly are working and taking care of customers. her birthday was yesterday and had to work, so i bought her a birthday card and left it in her box so she saw it when she got to work. but i was talking to a friend of her's and i guess she really likes working with me, but i am worried she might get a crush on me or something, and i don't know what i would do if that happened. i mean if she told me, i would have to tell her all about me, if she doesn't already know. i mean i think she just really likes me as a co-worker and nothing else, but it's got me kind of worried. but i am going to stop thinking about that.well that's it. hope you are all well.
current mood:  curious
(bring me to life)

wednesday, april 12, 2006

11:40pm - it's hard to see the pain behind the mask
well i just wanted to let all you know, that things are better for me somewhat, i realize that i will not be alone for the rest of my life. i just have to suck it up and live the life that was granted to me, and see what comes later on. so i just put on that happy face and keep on living.so work is good, and i work the next three days straight, but what sucks is that my hours were cut for next week, well everybody was...i only am scheduled for eight hours next week, but i am sure i will be called in, so i can look forward to that, but i can't live with these hours....i need to find a 9 to 5 job as soon as i can. because that's not going to help me out at all. but i found out that i can consolidate my loans with one of the company's i have loans from so my payment will be cheaper now, which is great. so i am happy about that.so that's about it. night
current mood:  apathetic
(bring me to life)

sunday, april 9, 2006

12:20am - deep in the night you will find me!
first off i would like to say happy belated birthday to queer_theory because i couldn't on her birthday, because my computer was being stupid. so sorry darlin! love ya!well the rest is a rant, if you don't want to read the rest, i understand.my mom and i watched brokeback mountain today, (which is a great film, but still makes me sad). but after me and her started to talk and when my sister was here the last time, me and her talked for a couple hours, and i told her that i basically realized something, and today it hit me again, so i talked to my mom about it. which most gay men talk to there mom's about everything.the thing that i realized was that i will probably be alone for the rest of my life. from this point in my life i don't see myself being with anyone, and that is very sad to think or realize. but it's a reality that might take place. but there i was talking to my mom and couldn't get it all out and just crying in her arms, and just blurted it out.even though i doubt this will happen, because my mom and i both agree i need to get out of here, and move back to la or ny and get my real career started, not this thing that is biding time and money for me. i need to be happy and i am not finding that here. i am not upset about coming back home and taking care of my dad, i respect myself for that, because not many kids would just stop there lives for their families.i just know that depression sucks and being sick on top of it is even worse, and i have to work tomorrow. which the new job is ok, i like it somewhat, but there is this one bitch who i would love to just pull her hair out, but that's a whole other story. she needs to remember that i can be a bigger bitch than her.so that is pretty much my rant and if you read it thank you, and if you have any advice just reply!and to queer_theory i know you are having a hard time at work, and i just want you to remember, you are better than those ignorant jerks. and i know you have to sit there and take it, but honey just remember you are better than them, and you are a way better person than they will ever be. i love ya sweetie!
current mood:  depressed
(bring me to life)

monday, march 20, 2006

10:36pm - hello may i help you?
that is what i have to now say at my new job...i have been hired at mervyn's at am working tomorrow night...i am excited to be working again. yeah it's shitty pay and not enough hours, but it does somewhat with my degree and i am around clothes, which is great to me. i have also been a big fan of mervyn's.i am applying for another job on top of my new one, because the other is five days a weeks, four hours a day at 8.00 an hour. which would be great, because with both jobs, i might be able to have some money in my pocket after rent, bills, and college loans(damn things). but knowing my luck i won't even break even, which would totally suck. one of my bosses loves me, and has already placed me into ready to wear (women's fashions) because of my background and experience so i am excited. she treats me really well, and i think i will enjoy the people i am working with, so that is good.so that's about it. just wanted to let my friends know, what is up with me.
current mood:  giddy
(bring me to life)

wednesday, march 15, 2006

11:47pm - let's dance, the last dance tonight
first off i must say happy birthday to nivcharayahel i hope you have a great one sweetie. on to the next news i went for my interview and found out that it's only pt and for 8 to 12 hours a week at minimum wage, that's just not working for me, so i am applying for three more jobs tomorrow, so wish me luck please....and the next bit of info i need to report is that in a previous journal i posted that my sister thought she was pregnant, and we come to find out today that she is pregnant with twins...her second set of twins...which would be great, but she has a hard time taking care of the two she already has with her husband not working or taking care of her...my aunt told me sister to leave him, but she is planning on it from what she told me and my mom, if he doesn't start working in the next two months or so...so i hope that will all work out. because i don't think my parents and i can take care of a family of six on top of us three..we took care of them for to long, so i hope this time they do everything right, with him seeking the responsibility of working and taking care of his family...sorry a little a rant...but i can do that. lolwell that's it, so i will let this go for now.be well all...namaste
current mood:  complacent
(2 thoughts | bring me to life)

thursday, march 9, 2006

1:10am - wait for that sign!
i am super excited, i have another job interview for mervyn's on monday, and i think this is a good prospect for me...so i am so excited...i hope i get hired, the funny thing, when i went in and applied i talked to somebody and they said that they didn't think they were looking for people, so i am wondering what the job is for...i am excited...so wish me luck my friends. i am praying that i get this job.i had the first interview for another job, but i haven't got a call for a second interview, so i hope i didn't do something stupid...lol...but i would rather work at mervyn's than the other place, because i do have a fashion degree.so that's about it.oh yeah...congrats to the winner of project runway(don't want to say it just in case somebody missed it), but you deserved it...you rock! i love ya!
current mood:  anxious
(bring me to life)

thursday, march 2, 2006

6:56am - read it out loud!
well just a little good news...i have an interview on saturday for a pt position at fye in the mall, and i am kind of excited..i won't stay there forever, but i love music, so i think i will enjoy myself a lot.another thing, i finally got my box, after waiting three weeks for it to come. it was sent to the wrong zip code, so that was interesting to find out.and my dad has lost a total 114 pounds. and his is eating much better and taking care of himself.so that's it!
current mood:  cheerful
(bring me to life)

thursday, february 16, 2006

1:05am - the lights are on, but there is no one home!
life just keeps blowing in the wind for me. i am tired all the time, i finally worked out the problems with my health so that's good, and i just got health insurance, so as soon as i get my card, i am going to get some blood work done and get checked. so that will be fun.a little update on my dad, he has lost a total of 104 pounds since november of last year and is doing somewhat ok. his legs have blown up and has gotten a virus of some name in them, which is worse than the lymphodema that he was on. he has to get a shot twice a week and take a liquid antibiotic, and if it gets worse, he might have to be put back in the hospital. and if it continues, he might lose his right leg, which will be different...but i hope it doesn't come to that.i am looking for a job at the moment, which is fun. because i was waiting to hear from another job i applied for and they don't think they are hiring for a couple months, but they should let people know that, when they apply when you say you are hiring...you know!and the other thing is....a little letter to the post office. i want my box now people, it shouldn't take three weeks to get something sent to you in the mail. dammit i am angry! thant's it!thanks for listening to me ramble!
current mood:  tired
(bring me to life)

saturday, february 4, 2006

1:42am - this bowling ball in my stomach
i finally went off to get my medical forms today because i can't take being sick anymore...everynight i am in so much pain, and i don't know why. i believe it's this new bacteria that can be found in your local water and if you aren't able to get rid of it it can live in your stomach and do some major damage. i believe i have a peptic ulcer and if i do, that should be a lot of fun...yeah for me. but i think it started in college and i never got it worked on, so now it's just flares up, whenever it feels like it. so hopefully i can resolve this problem in the next two weeks. i went with my dad today to his three month check-up after his surgery and he has lost a total of 93 pounds, which we worried was to much, but according to the doctor it's perfectly normal, some people lose weight quicker...the doctor was not happy about my dad's eating habits but none of us are...lol...they think my dad might have stenoisis which to check the have to an endoscopic test on, which they will take a thing down his throat and check the diameter of the pouch opening, if it's not big enough the will use a balloon to stretch the opening, and it should help him a lot...but they want to wait and see what happens in the next couple weeks.so that's pretty much my life at the moment, full of suckiness, but who's life isn't right?? but i hope things change soon, because i don't know i think the stress of what i am in right now is adding to this pain, and i don't need that. so that's it!
current mood:  sick
(bring me to life)

wednesday, january 18, 2006

1:19am - feeling the pressure!
first off i want to say this...i was so happy with the golden globes that took place on monday night...i was happy with pretty much every person that won...i was so happy that brokeback mountain won for best picture, and sandra oh for supporting actress and felicity huffman, and so many other people and that a lot of the movies were based on gay characters...love it...one of the best i have seen for a long time.the pressure come in here...i called today to see what was going on at the place i applied at and they were supposed to call people back this week for the position training, and i called and they informed me that they won't start calling people back until the middle of next month...so bummed, because i wanted to start working this month, but i don't even know if they will select me...the only other choice i have is to apply for another job and not get paid nearly the same i would be receiving if i was to get the other job i applied for.the thing is i need to find a job soon, like i said in a previous post my family is having some serious money issues, and since my dad is somewhat better i need to find work...but i don't want to go out and apply at places and get the job and get a call back from the other company i applied for and find out that they want me, because i am the type of person that can't just go on into the place of business i am working at the time, i say that i quit...i could if it was something major, but i would feel bad.does anybody know how temp agencies work on my friends list and how hard it is to become a temp...i know it's not steady work, i just need something to help pay some bills and stuff you know what i mean...if you know anything please help me out.thanks for listening to my utter rambles...
current mood:  cranky
(10 thoughts | bring me to life)

saturday, january 14, 2006

1:27am - without dreams where would we be??
first off i have a quick question, i have three dogs at the moment living in my house and all girls...one is in heat at the moment, and my other two femals are trying to hump her...now can dogs be gay or lesbian, or is this totally normal...i have never heard or seen it before. so i don't know. that's it...but the real reason i am writing is i have been talking to my next door neighbor who has started his own company and wants me to head up all the merchandising and designing of the clothing...which is great at the moment, but it's not going to bring any money in a while...but if all goes well, i could be making up to 50,000 to 75,000 a year. which i totally doubt, but oh well we will see.the problem is i need money right now, my family is probably worst off at this moment then anytime in our life...so i am looking for a job, i sure hope i get a call back on the 16th...praying for that one...but my main question is, should i also do this on the side...because it's a great way to learn how to start your business, which is something that i want to do later on in my life...it's has always been my dream to own a business, but what scares me if this business becomes huge, then i might not be able to achieve that dream because i will feel like i have to stay, which i don't think i could do...i don't know if i do do this, i will have to let them know, i will be there for a while, but after a couple years i really don't know. is that bad.any help of bits of wisdom, is all i am looking for. thanks
current mood:  contemplative
(2 thoughts | bring me to life)

thursday, january 12, 2006

2:04am - your help is greatly appreciated!
i've just sent a letter to president bush asking him to keep the promises he made last year - will you join me? go to www.one.org to send an email to the president.thank you,take action now at http://www.one.org/one/campaign.jsp?campaign_key=1278if you have the time, please check this out and sign it.thanks to all my lj friends!
current mood:  calm
(bring me to life)

wednesday, december 28, 2005

10:51pm - my life at this moment is crazy!!
this is just a rant...well first off we have gotten the news that my sister is now pregnant with her third child...yes the first were a set of twins which are now 5, and now they are going to bring into the world another child, that we are praying that aren't twins, because that runs in the family...~praying~now i know that the miracle of life is something of a gift...but my sister don't need another one at this point of time. first off my brother-in-law does not work, but he is going to probably take a job in alaska where you work for three months straight and get a month off and then work another three months...then you payed up to almost 10,000, plus they get free room and board. so he has said he is going to get a job before, and he never does... he feels like he should be able to stay home and let holly(my sister) do all the work while he sleeps and gets high and hang out with his buddies.now i would be happy that she was pregnant if they lived on there own and they had steady money...but it doesn't seem like that will ever happen for my sister. i feel bad for her...because i should tell her congrats, but i just can't because i am not happy that she is pregnant, not with the life she is living now...but i know i should.my family is so in a problem right now, i can't even see straight...we are upset and worried all at the same time, because my sister is not healthy enough to have another baby, because she had a rough time with the twins...i don't know, i just hope everything will be ok.my parents and i have all been fighting over this whole thing...but we are lost..i don't think i will ever figure out the best solution...i hope my brother-in-law does take the job, that way we all get rid of him for three months, and i will watch out for my sister while he is gone...i am just rambling.i am going to bed in a few, so i can sleep...getting up at 6:30 tomorrow.thanks for reading to those who do.
current mood:  annoyed
(bring me to life)

sunday, december 25, 2005

12:52am - happy holidays!
to all my friends, i hope that all of you have a great holiday and a great new year...that's it! just wanted to wish you all a great day!!
(bring me to life)

wednesday, december 21, 2005

8:11am - what would you do
well this is an update on myself and the family...first off i would like to wish happy holidays to all my lj friends, and hope you all have a great one.chelsea_doll i have a question for you, after your surgery did you throw up a lot when you started on solid foods? because it seems my dad will be fine with breakfast and lunch, when he eats them, but when it comes to dinner, he always throws it up?? and we don't know why...we want to call the hospital and he says no, because he doesn't want to be in a hospital again. which i totally understand, but i have a feeling if we let it go for to long he might die, and then what was the point of the surgery in the first place? he hardly is taking his vitamins because they make him throw up and stuff, it just getting really hard to take care of him...on a bright side, i applied for a job, and hope to hear something from them at the first of the year. i just hope i can do the job...i will be working in a call center for the deaf...i passed the test at 50wpm, and 2% error, which is wierd when i first took the test a year ago, i scored a 58 wpm, with 0% error, so i am losing my skills in typing man.on another good note, i am happy to see my friend queer_theory as happy as she has been...it's nice to see her happy when she wakes up, that's of course if she wasn't woken up by someone, but who looks happy when that happens...and with other stuff going on in her life...it makes me happy.lastly, like i said before i wish everybody happy holidays and have a great new year!
current mood:  worried
(4 thoughts | bring me to life)

navigate: (previous 20 entries)































