





































    
    veronica mullenix real estate group | veronicamullenix.realtor
  
  













          


    




   
want to buy or sell a property? (281) 844-6285  

veronica@veronicamullenix.com     

 

 

 

 










     




 



      call us today:

 (281) 844-6285

     

 

 

 

 











       

   

get in touch




     discover luxury home expertise and unmatched service with a trusted expert in greenville, sc.
  get in touch



   
tell me about your real estate needs using the form below; or, call/text me directly using the number above.
  get in touch form
   interested in
 
selling
buying


 subdivision and/or zip code

 property type
 
apartment
house
house with pool
investment property
other


 price range
 
up to $600k
over $600k
2nd home investment


 name

 email

 phone

 add additional details here




 


thank you for contacting us.we will be in touch with you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later. or contat me directly by phone or text message 281-844-6285




   

 hi! i'm veronica mullenix
 
veronica specializes in representing buyers and sellers of custom and luxury homes in downtown greenville sc and its surrounding areas within greenville county. clients find working with veronica refreshing. her electronic business skills and bright creative style saves time for everyone. she has developed her marketing and services to ensure that her clients receive the most memorable transaction experience possible; more than just satisfactory, memorable! veronica is a skilled leader in real estate brokerage. she is licensed as a south carolina broker (bic); and, during her 26-year career as a broker she has earned 11 nationally recognized real estate brokerage designations and certifications. veronica is also a master certified negotiation expert trained at the real estate negotiation institute and is a trained leader in the most advanced negotiation techniques for real estate brokerage.veronica is a real estate instructor for n.a.r.'s center for realtor development. she is an e-pro internet professional instructor. e-pro is n.a.r.'s technology certification course for real estate professionals; as well as an abr (accredited buyer's representative) and psa (pricing strategies advisor) course instructor. "real estate is one of the largest assets a person will own in their lifetime!what i do is help my clients leverage their money to optimize their real estate assets to enhance their net worth. what i actually sell to the families i represent is more than property, i provide my clients with clarity, focus, balance, and confidence during every step of the transaction.if this is the type of representation you want from your real estate broker, please contact me to schedule a confidential consultation." i look forward to working with you!
  

get in touch


 





   
 professional services
 



    buyers representative


 luxury real estate expertisewhen you are buying a luxury home, it is vital that you partner with a real estate professional who understands your needs and lifestyle. real estate professionals with clhms designation have the expertise and proven experience to support your unique needs. certified luxury home marketing specialists undergo extensive training and demonstrate a record of successful performance in the upper-tier market.veronica is an accredited buyer's representative (abr).as your buyer's representative, i can make the process of house hunting much easier and more efficient than if you did it all yourself. saving you valuable time by finding the properties that best suit your requirements and showing you the most promising homes.have a master certified negotiations expert (mcne) negotiate your contract terms. once you've found a place that catches your eye, i'll look at comparable properties in the area to help you determine a purchase offer. i'll negotiate on your behalf with the seller to make sure you get the most favorable terms.special competencies equal the right results for you.it's my job to look after your best interests, i have developed my services to ensure that you receive the most memorable transaction experience possible; more than just satisfactory, memorable!


  sellers representative

   veronica is a member of the institute for luxury home marketing.

 the institute for luxury home marketing 
is a unique organization comprised of real estate professionals who have completed special training in understanding and meeting the needs of the very successful. here are a few ways you’ll benefit…

  special competencies equal the right results for you.


 marketing a luxury property demands competencies over and above those of the typical real estate agent. thanks to the special training i’ve received, you can count on me to have the skills necessary to help you accomplish your real estate goals.

  no cookie-cutter marketing for your unique property.


 thanks to training, i understand how to develop and implement a customized lifestyle marketing plan for your luxury residence.

  you’ll tap into an international network. 


 the institute’s network of luxury real estate experts reaches around the globe. this means there are thousands of luxury agents -- located across north america and around the world -- with whom i can network. you’ll benefit from these valuable contacts. 

  put a bigger toolbox to work selling your property.


 my marketing and services have been carefully developed to ensure that my clients receive the most memorable transaction experience possible; more than just satisfactory, memorable! 

  contact me today to schedule a confidential consultation.


   



   
 areas of specialty
 
 certified residential specialist
master real estate negotiator

upper-tier market expertise
member: crs | mcne | ilhms

 
 $500k to $10mm
 
 price range for

homes bought and sold

 
 areas covered﻿
 
 greenville, sc
downtown greenville
greenville county sc



   
 why work with us
 
 i am dedicated to the highest levels of professional and personal excellence.

﻿our top-notch customer service and commitment to our clients is second-to-none.



   
   




 market expertise
 market knowledge goes beyond simply knowing the neighborhoods. ask me about the school district, available parking, and the area amenities.

 
  


 client-focused
 your time is valuable. that's why i take the time upfront to understand your unique wants, needs and dislikes to ensure the rest of our time together is as productive as possible.

 
   






 responsive
 you have questions and i will provide answers. i'll make sure that you feel confident and empowered when it comes to making important real estate and purchasing decisions.   
 
   



 referral network
 this industry is all about who you know. i can connect you with the top mortgage brokers, real estate attorneys, home inspectors, home stagers, and other specialists you require.


    what our clients say
 



   
veronica mullenix was light years ahead of her competition. we had watched several homes in our neighborhood sit on the market for months and were worried we would have problems selling our home. but with veronica’s in-depth appraisal and advanced use of today’s technology, our home was sold in 26 days! closing was completed 2 weeks later! there were no surprises along the way. she had taken the time to do the research of the market prior to listing the home so we knew up front what we should expect to sell our home for. her technology tools helped put our listing in front of homebuyers looking for our style of home. she used digitally staged photos to help homebuyers see the possibilities. it was a win-win for both us as sellers, and the buyers. and throughout it all, she brought not only her great depth of real estate knowledge to the table, but her wonderful positive attitude in all things. selling our home with veronica’s help was a truly wonderful experience.nancy g.veronica helped me tremendously during an extremely difficult short sale. i cannot recommend her highly enough – she is a unique professional with the highest degree of integrity & perseverance as well as a genuine concern for her clients; a rare find indeed!john p. veronica is a joy to work with. her exceptional knowledge of the area and the industry provided me with the quality of service i have come to expect from her as we close on my sixth transaction working together.morgan s.
 integrity, professionalism, experience, knowledge, morality, diligence, efficiency, perseverance. veronica went above and beyond, and exhibited all of the aforementioned qualities, while helping me through a particularly trying sale and unethical/unprofessional buyer after hurricane harvey. i simply cannot say enough about veronica’s excellent work and manner. she was the “calm during the storm”, and i don’t think i could have made it through the sale of my home with near the success i did if she hadn’t been my realtor. i would (and will always) recommend her to every single person i know who is interested in buying/selling real estate. she is a profoundly positive reflection on the real estate industry. i will be forever grateful to her!! 10 stars simply wouldn’t be enough for this woman. a grand example of how we should all conduct business, no matter what our industry is.chrissy v.veronica was superb! she understood our needs. we will recommend her to everybody.marie n. couldn't have had a more perfect realtor/agent even if i had designed her myself. exceptional ! she was a ray of sunshine in our otherwise dark and hectic move.
kyung k.
 veronica was wonderful to work with when we were purchasing our new home. so much so, that we chose to ask her to help us sell our other house! she was quick to respond anytime we had a question or concern and worked hard to help us purchase our dream home. i would definitely recommend her services to anyone looking to buy or sell a home.abigail b.we felt very fortunate to have met veronica mullenix. she is a very knowledgeable realtor and shares that knowledge with her clients. she really fights for you to have the best outcome whether buying or selling. veronica helped us navigate any hurdles that came up along the way and we couldn't be happier with our experience. we highly recommend veronica to anyone who is in need of a highly competent realtor.abigail b. veronica's marketing and presentation of our home was amazing! her hard work resulted in multiple offers and a sale in record fast time! her knowledge, experience, attention to detail and dedication made for an amazing selling experience. highly recommended!
ben e. 
 veronica is wonderful to work with. she is a true professional that has a passion for what she does. this is our fourth transaction with her, and she continues to impress. cyndi w.


    photo gallery
 



       

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button




  

    

button






  

    

button





 real estate is one of the largest assets a person will own in their lifetime! what i do is help my clients leverage their money to optimize their real estate assets to enhance their net worth. 
what i actually sell to the families i represent is more than property,
i provide my clients with clarity, focus, balance, and confidence during every step of the transaction. if this is the type of representation you want from your real estate broker, please contact me today to schedule your confidential consultation.  i'm here to help you.








       want to buy or sell a property?

 call me today(281) 844-6285
   

get in touch




    connect on social media
     

 

 

 

 





  location
  greenville, sc 
 29601
  contact us
 (281) 844-6285veronica@veronicamullenix.com
       














   
 








































 




   we are committed to providing an accessible website. if you have difficulty accessing content, have difficulty viewing a file on the website, notice any accessibility problems, or should you require assistance in navigating our website, please contact us.



   ©copyright  - all rights reserved

 website powered by national association of realtors®
















































































































  
  share by:










