














front - oa nova intergroup









































 










oa nova intergroup
northern virginia intergroup of overeaters anonymous

menu ☰

×
welcome

are you a compulsive overeater?
our invitation to you
tools
sponsorship
the oa promise
the 12 steps
the 12 traditions
the 12 concepts
the spiritual principles


meetings/events

oa meetings and events
oa worldwide meetings
oa for young people
submit new/changed meeting
submit a calendar event


about us

what is oa?
about intergroup
bylaws
procedures manual


resources

novations newsletter
news
sponsorship
recovery materials
oa literature
podcasts
other oa resources


contact us
 


call (703) 823-6682



 




do you go on eating binges for no apparent reason, sometimes eating until you are stuffed or even feel sick?


when your emotions are intense — whether positive or negative — do you find yourself reaching for food?


have you ever used laxatives, vomiting, diuretics, excessive exercise, diet pills, shots, or other medical interventions (including surgery) to try to control your weight?


have you lost weight with a diet or “period of control” only to be followed by bouts of uncontrolled eating and/or weight gain?


there is a solution … you are not alone anymore.




northern virginia intergroup of overeaters anonymous
overeaters anonymous is a fellowship of men and women from all walks of life who meet in order to help solve a common problem – compulsive overeating, which includes obesity, anorexia, and bulimia  the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop eating compulsively.





find a meeting





news





new members





sponsorship




news & events



10th step inventory workshop
posted 2/15/25
join dc metro oa 2-3:30pm on sunday, march 2 to … continue reading "10th step inventory workshop" learn more…



february 2025 novations newsletter is here
posted 2/3/25
the february issue of novations is available online now. we … continue reading "february 2025 novations newsletter… learn more…



the power within: spiritual strength for lasting recovery
posted 1/27/25
join us saturday, february 22, 10 am – 12 pm, … continue reading "the power within: spiritual… learn more…



share the love
posted 1/27/25
join your virtual community sunday, february 16, from 1-3 pm … continue reading "share the love" learn more…








donate

when donating via paypal, be sure to choose the "friends and family" option. we are not selling an item and are not a 501.c.3 organization. as such, the circumstances in which paypal charges a commission do not apply. we are following region 7 in this approach.






or send to: nova ig
p.o. box 1992, annandale, va 22003
more details available here.



stay informed

please select one or multiple mailing lists below that you would like to join to stay informed.
(privacy policy)








email address 



mailing lists 
intergroup meeting materials
novations
nova ig news








 












info@oanova.org
(703) 823-6682








