


donna's puppies.com shih tzu puppies - home









































donna's puppies.com shih tzu puppies



















								home
							



								sold puppies
							



								shih tzu puppies available
							



								health guarantee
							



								dog boarding
							



								puppy care and house training
							













                   we are now located in fort myers, florida for the                   past 2 1/2 years. coming back to ca in aug and can bring a puppy. ​                                661-303-8825 ca number still.   video & audio surveillance on premises.          puppies are raised inside with lots of love and attention. my dogs are part of my family, they are my passion.  they will have their first shots before they go home and be de-wormed several times. they will never go outside until they have all shots. they will come with their shot record, vitamins sample, health guarantee, health cert, food sample, toy or blanket with parents or sibling's smell. i will always take back one of my puppies but cannot refund your money.  it costs me to advertise and care for puppies not to mention putting them in quarantine when returned. i have raised shih tzus for 38 years and cavaliers for 14 (i no longer raise cavaliers). i worked at a vet office at one time, and i know doggy first aid and can give my own shots, and microchipping.  i always reserve the right of first choice.           i accept deposits by paypal (add 3% fee or free if sent with the friends and family option) or by credit card (add 3.5% fee) by mail with a money order only (no checks) and a confirmation number (so i know it's in the mail), zelle, venmo or good old cash welcome.  i do not refund deposits for any reason, unless the puppies health is not suitable for sale before you take it home. puppies will have a health exam and certification when ready to go.  if you cannot take your puppy for some reason, i will transfer that deposit to another puppy within 6 months. that deposit is there to hold that puppy for you, i do not refund deposits. it costs me extra time, care & money to re-advertise a puppy. i reserve the right to charge $100. for this extra service if you change your mind on a puppy. so at least $100. will be deducted from your deposit if you change your mind.          your puppy can be shipped with a pet nanny by ground or by air, with a pet transport service, price varies as to location and up to the pet nanny.  fee would be at puppy buyers' expense (normally $425-$900). i can help you arrange that. transport would be buyers' responsibility.          most puppies will be limited ckc registered (no breeding/showing rights), unless agreed to by both parties prior to sell for full akc if available. i do require limited akc/ckc puppies to be spayed/neutered before i send you registration papers. i do charge more for full akc, ask for price and availability on a particular litter if interested, it depends on the puppy as to the extra cost. a few litters will not be registrable at all.          if your puppy is ready to go by 8-9 weeks of age and you cannot pick it up after 9 wks.' of age, i will charge $10.00 additional per day and $15. for shots as needed, until picked up. either way, full payment is required by the age of 9 weeks of age unless other arrangements are made.          highly recommend nuvet vitamins for the life of your dog and require it for my health guarantee.  good for digestion, allergies, hotspots, stress and much more. visit nuvet.com/33716 for more info or to order or click the link at the bottom of my page.             inspected and approved by akc and county animal control, their quote to me was... "we are using your plans, your cleaning techniques and your criteria for evaluating new kennels."  "wow, place looks clean, and all animals look great, wish they were all this easy."   "clean as usual." "you and one other breeder in town are the only ones i would recommend."  what a compliment.  license #p090727 my brags: i've sold puppies to mario lopez, kaye ballard (hollywood squares), mike sideman (pro football player), siblings of 2 days of our lives stars, jerri manthy (from survivor) actor ally al shearer (mtv), grandmother in law to kevin costner, country singer lee greenwood's sister (3 dogs).  my puppies have been used in a commercial for sketchers. i also have many puppies/dogs used for therapy dogs.











for the well being of your pet  http//www.nuvet.com/33716                                                










site powered by weebly. managed by bluehost







