





 danielle steel















































 













home
news
danielle's world
books
movies
newsletter
contact








follow danielle on instagram!

follow danielle on twitter!




 
february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« jan
 
 
 

    







never say never


#1 new york times bestselling author danielle steel’s deeply moving novel is the story of a woman who finds her life turned upside down while living temporarily in the french countryside.
oona kelly webster has much to be grateful for. a striking woman with red hair and green eyes, she has a loving family and a job she adores, editing a prestigious line of books. to celebrate their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary, she and her husband, charles, have planned a visit to france.

but then charles drops a bombshell. he has been living a lie—hiding an affair for a year—and he is leaving oona for a younger male lover.

although devastated, oona decides to travel to france without charles. she arrives in a charming village an hour outside of paris, and settles into the house she has rented, called la belle florence—named after the king’s mistress for whom it was built. but just as she’s catching her breath, she’s dealt another blow: her company’s merger will eliminate her job. 

in the space of a few months, everything she nurtured for decades has slipped through her fingers. the only silver lining is that she can remain in france, where the simple life in beautiful surroundings slowly begins to heal her, as does the little white dog she rescues, and her friendly neighbor hailing from trinidad, who delights her with his openness and warmth. 

though she does not recognize him at first, she soon realizes her neighbor is a well-known actor. as their feelings for each other begin to deepen, oona wrestles with the risks of opening her heart again—especially to a younger, very famous man.

never say never is an inspiring novel about a woman who finds a second chance at happiness and love, all because she understands the importance of being brave enough to stay open to change. 
              






 
 
a letter from danielle for february ’25
              hi everyone, february is still heavy winter in most places, although—here and there—there might be a hint of spring, but it’s really too early for spring weather. i still hibernate in february, working on new books. with freezing weather blasting outside, i stay cozily at home and write, until the first solid signs of spring. […] read more

 

 
 
a letter from danielle for january ’25
              hi everyone, i hope you got through the holidays, not too exhausted, and satisfied by how they went. the holidays can be so challenging, exciting, happy, but sometimes disappointing too, or stressful in families. i hope that yours were peaceful, happy and fun. january is always a quiet month for me. like a bear, i […] read more

 

 
 
a letter from danielle for december ’24
              hi everyone, i hope that the thanksgiving holiday was a warm and peaceful one for you, and if you couldn’t spend it with family, you were able to spend it with friends. i like the focus on being thankful and gratitude; it’s a great reminder that even if everything isn’t perfect in our lives at […] read more

 

 
 
a letter from danielle for november ’24
              hi everyone, november always seems like the gateway to the holidays to me, or the prelude. kind of the way memorial day announces the beginning of the summer. the thanksgiving holiday always seems like such an important one to me because it is so inclusive, and brings not only friends and families together, but is […] read more

 

 
 
a letter from danielle for october ’24
              hi everyone, i love october. i used to love september, but it gets pretty hectic even without young children in school. but october is such a great month, the weather is usually still warm, with a little cool nip in the air. everyone has settled into their autumn/winter routines. i have always liked fall clothes […] read more

 

 
 
a letter from danielle for september ’24
              hi everyone, here comes the busiest month of the year, other than the christmas holidays. for anyone with kids—from nursery school to pre-k, high school, and even college—september is a month chock-full of school schedules, organizing carpools, after-school activities, football practices, and dorm assignments, not to mention getting uniforms and new shoes!!! with nine children, […] read more

 

 
 
a letter from danielle for august ’24
              hi everyone, every year, summer comes too slowly, and speeds by too fast. after a brutally cold winter, and no spring at all this year (literally overnight, the weather hop skipped from still wintry to instant summer), our minds are already turning to fall projects and getting kids ready for school. september is always a […] read more

 

 
 
a letter from danielle for july ’24
              hi everyone, this is it, we finally made it to summer! when i think of july, i think of vacations, july 4th. and all the yummy things to eat at 4th of july picnics and events. we used to give a big 4th of july party, with line dancing even, and we served southern fried […] read more

 

 
 
a letter from danielle for june ’24
              hi everyone, i hope that by now everyone has warm weather everywhere, after a long hard winter. but summer is at long last here. graduations were last month, so the college kids are free and already enjoying summer holidays. and most people are making, or have made, their summer plans, to go sailing, water skiing, […] read more

 

 
 
a letter from danielle for may ’24
              hi everyone, i hope that spring is rolling along smoothly for you, with warmer weather and summer to look forward to a few months from now. although spring is official in march, it takes months longer for winter to disappear. and may is a gentle, pretty month almost everywhere, with flowers blooming and warm weather. […] read more

 







copyright © 2025 penguin random house | privacy policy | terms of use |  affiliate program disclosure | author photographs © brigitte lacombe
penguin random house us | random house us | penguin random house canada

 













