we give a buck® | money.com.au home loanspersonal loanscar loansbusiness loanscredit cardsbankinghome loanspersonal loanscar loansbusiness loanscredit cardsbankingwe give a buck®we show you all the providers in our database, regardless of whether we get paid or not."really helpful and resourceful. would recommend to anyone needing assistance"cara r.home loanscar loansnew!health insurancecredit cardspersonal loansbusiness loansnew!energyterm depositssavings accountsenergynswvicqldactsaare you overpaying? it takes just 2 minutes to potentially save hundreds on your energy bill.enter your postcodecheck savingshealth insurancesinglecouplefamilysingle parentdon't pay the lazy tax. we'll help you navigate the maze of private health insurance to find the perfect fit for you!enter your postcodecompare nowtrending home loan guidesfirst home buyerhow much do you need for a house deposit in 2025?see the minimum deposit amount you need to buy a house in australia, how to avoid lmi and compare interest rates available for a 5% deposit vs a 20% deposit.read morehome loanscompare home loans in australia (best rates february 2025)megan birotspecial offerssee the lenders offering up to $3,000 refinance cashbackmegan birotlow docself-employed? here's how you can still get a great home loan dealsean calleryfirst home buyergrants and incentives for first-home buyers (state-by-state guide)megan birotinvestingbest rates and home loan deals for savvy property investorssean calleryhome loanswill offset or redraw save you more money? the experts give their verdictssean calleryas featured in home loan calculatorsget insights into your financial options and make informed decisions for your next home loan!stamp duty calculatorknow your upfront costs, as well as lenders mortgage insurance and government fees.view calculatortakes 2 minsmortgage repayment calculatorsee your estimated repayments per week/fortnight/monthview calculatortakes 2 minsrate change calculatorfind out the impact of an interest rate change on your repaymentsview calculatortakes 2 minsrefinance calculatorsee the impact refinancing could make on your mortgage paymentsview calculatortakes 2 minsdeposit savings calculatorwork out how long it will take you to save for your first homeview calculatortakes 2 minsthe people who give abuck®the people who give a buck®meet our team of finance experts who proudly have consumers’ best interests at heart. we’re here to find you the best deals we can, whether or not we make money in the process.our promiseswe show all options we compareexpert guidance, alwaysno complicated jargonlet the people speak. "i’d recommend it to anyone"brock j."really helpful and resourceful. would recommend to anyone needing assistance"cara r."great company & services. recommeded"daniel s."straightforward service. it does what it says. i'd use it again."esteban a."nick was knowledgeable and helpful every step of the way for my refinance journey, made me felt reassured about the decision. would def recommend him for anyone else who’s looking for a home loan. thanks nick!"oscar"nick recently assisted me with refinancing my investment loans. he did a great job in getting me one of the best rates out there and a smooth transition from my existing banks. i am a happy customer and commend nick's work. keen to continue my association and grow my portfolio with money.com.au"gokul r."wonderful and excellent experince with michael burgess. his explanation is very clear and understandable. help me out on getting better rates . now i can save easy $400 a month. thanks and will reccommend to anyone without hetistate."harkomal c"just before i signed a refinance contract with certain bank, nick called and offered me a better rate. the process was smooth,nick was super professional and easy to talk to. i highly recommend his service, you won't be disappointed."hany m"michael burgess was able to get very competitive rates for me which were below the lowest i could find from comparison sites."s nayak"phil, reece and the team. we’re very easy to deal with, they were also very considerate of our circumstances. nothing was an issue for them. my wife and i would be more than happy to recommend money.com for anyone interested in a personal loan."paul w"great customer support and always willing to help out"aaron r."very easy to use and helped me get a refinance"sue n."very quick and easy to use service. found the best loan offer in minutes that no one could match. highly recommend money.com."troy h."thank you marianne and her team, very proactive and settle everything within a week. highly recommended."roger w"shopped around online and found money.com.au the most competitive. i put an enquiry through and michael burgess called me back and was able to assist us throughout the process. he was able to provide a sharper rate than any rate we could access from the public and also made the refinancing process seamless. i would consider our situation complex, and michael was able to provide the indepth support we required to cater to our needs. i will use michael and money.com.au again in the future and would not hesitate to recommend michael and his support catherine, to my network."noel"nick b. assisted in every step of the process making the transition easy to follow. provided the beast deal and ticked all the requirements we needed. recommended!!"andrew"communication was very clear and the end result - best rate i could achieve !"euge"phil couldn’t have been more helpful, made the process easy and completed quickly." calinda p"great company to do business with , and i am very happy to do business with them again if the need arises . great job phil."omamurhieme u."phil really helped me so much with a last minute urgent loan needed. i don’t think i would have got it without him. any issues with any documentation he was there to help and push forward the loan faster than i would have been able to on my own. so grateful for all your help and loan approved :)"azar gpopular guides and articlesbest personal loan rates comparison february 2025we've rounded up some of the best personal loan rates available right now from australian lenders.compare ratescar loanscar loansbest car loan deals available right nowsean callerycar loansabn car loans – how to apply as a businesssean callerynovated leasehow could a novated lease save you $1,000s?shaun mcgowanpersonal loansdebt consolidation loansgot debt? expert tips on debt consolidation loanssean callerypersonal loanshow to buy a caravan for less than you might thinksean callerypersonal loanssmooth sailing guide to boat financeshaun mcgowanbusiness loansbusiness loanscompare the best small business loanssean callerybusiness overdraftrainy day money – only pay for what you useshaun mcgowanbusiness line of creditfast access to funds when you need themshaun mcgowancredit cardscredit cardsour picks of the 10 best credit card deals around right nowsean callerybalance transferstop balance transfer offers for smashing debtsean calleryfrequent flyer credit cardsearn enough points to fly for freesean callerylet's crunch the numberswe believe that all australians should have access to easy tools to help make the right decisions for their unique financial situation.pay calculatordiscover your take home pay, and how much you’re paying in tax.view calculatortakes 2 minspersonal loan calculatorsee your estimated repayments per week/fortnight/monthview calculatortakes 2 minscar loan calculatorsee your estimated repayments per week/fortnight/monthview calculatortakes 2 minsbusiness loan calculatorsee your estimated repayments per week/fortnight/monthview calculatortakes 2 minsour servicespersonal loanscar loansbusiness loanshome loanscredit cardssavings accountsterm depositshealth insuranceenergyaboutabout uscontact usprivacy policyterms of use© copyright 2025 money pty ltd.our money promisemoney pty ltd (trading as money) (abn 42 626 094 773) australian credit licence 528698 provides information about credit products. money does not compare all products or issuers available in australia. we are not a broker or credit provider and when we provide information via this website, we are not providing you with a recommendation or suggestion about a particular credit product. we may receive a commission when you apply for a home loan as a result of outbound links on this website.
this material has been prepared by money pty limited (abn 40 664 954 536) (money, ‘us’ or ‘we’). money is a corporate authorised representative (car 001307399) of 62 consulting pty limited (abn 88 664 809 303) (afsl 548573) (62c). the material is for general information only and is not an offer for the purchase or sale of any financial product or service. the material is not intended to provide you with financial or tax advice and does not take into account your objectives, financial situation or needs. although we believe that the material is correct, no warranty of accuracy, reliability or completeness is given, except for liability under statute which cannot be excluded. please note that past performance may not be indicative of future performance and that no guarantee of performance, the return of capital or a particular rate of return is given by 62c, money, any of their related body corporates or any other person. to the maximum extent possible, 62c, money, their related body corporates or any other person do not accept any liability for any statement in this material.
the information on this website is intended to be general in nature and has been prepared without considering your objectives, financial situation or needs. you should read the relevant disclosure statements or other offer documents prior to making a decision about a credit product and seek independent financial advice. whilst money.com.au endeavours to ensure the accuracy of the information provided on this website, no responsibility is accepted by us for any errors, omissions or any inaccurate information on this website.
interest rates, fees and charges are subject to change without notice. before acting on any information, you should confirm the interest rates, fees, charges and product information with the provider. for clarity, where we have used the terms “lowest” or “best” these relate solely to the rates of interest offered by the provider and not on any other factor. the application of these terms to a particular product is subject to change without notice if the provider changes their rates.calculator disclaimerthe calculator provided on money.com.au is intended for informational and illustrative purposes only. the results generated by this calculator are based on the inputs you provide and the assumptions set by us. these results should not be considered as financial advice or a recommendation to buy or sell any financial product. by using this calculator, you acknowledge and agree to the terms set out in this disclaimer. for more detailed information, please review our full terms and conditions on the website.
assumptions:

the calculations do not account for changes in interest rates or other market conditions that may occur.
results are approximations and may differ from actual payment schedules or amounts.
the calculator does not include all fees and charges that you may incur in relation to a financial product.

limitation

this calculator does not guarantee the availability of any financial product or the accuracy of the calculations. please consult a financial advisor or the relevant product provider to obtain specific advice tailored to your circumstances.
money.com.au does not accept any liability for errors or omissions, or for any loss you may suffer as a result of relying on these calculations.
money pty ltd trading as money 
abn: 42 626 094 773 / acl: 528698 / afca: 83955
money is a corporate authorised representative (car 001307399) of 62 consulting pty limited (abn 88 664 809 303) (afsl 548573) (62c)money acknowledges aboriginal and torres strait islanders as the traditional custodians of country throughout
                    australia and their continuing connection to land, waters and community.© copyright 2025 money pty ltd.

