












fort lauderdale bankruptcy attorney david langley- chapters 7, 11, 13































































































skip to content









menu


home
our firm

our firm
about us
our attorneys
tv & radio appearances
contact us
client information
client page
bankruptcy forms
make a payment
contact us
services we offer
bankruptcy
foreclosure defense
litigation
corporate matters


bankruptcy

bankruptcy facts
chapter 7
chapter 7 information
information for creditors
involuntary bankruptcy
chapter 11
chapter 11 information
business bankruptcies
complex bankruptcies
preference claims
chapter 13
chapter 13 information
bankruptcy fees
bankruptcy planning


foreclosure

foreclosure options
foreclosure defense
chapter 13 options
chapter 7 options


litigation

litigation
business litigation
civil & commercial lawsuits
personal injury
personal injury representation
auto accident cases
products liability
wrongful death


other practices

asset protection
bankruptcy planning
contempt claims
corporations
contracts
credit repair
rebuilding credit through bankruptcy
family law matters
laws of interest to creditors
legal links
corporate and civil matters


blog
faq
contact
 











954-356-0450





 

 

 welcome to the home page of fort lauderdale, broward bankruptcy attorney david w. langley
bankruptcy and business law – fort lauderdale chapter 7, 11 and 13 lawyer

 







bankruptcy attorney – fort lauderdale – david langley – call 954-356-0450 or email:dave@flalawyer.com 
if you are drowning in debt, are in foreclosure or a lawsuit, we can help. i am a fort lauderdale bankruptcy attorney and trial lawyer with offices in plantation, florida engaged in providing professional legal services to individuals and businesses throughout south florida. we represent clients aggressively but with personal attention to the client’s needs. with over 30 years experience in complex bankruptcy matters, we will give you our best efforts and will help you through a difficult time with as little stress as possible. and note that this is a true law firm, not a marketing company.  i personally handle every case. email me and get answers today!
read more
what we can help you with
we handle personal and corporate bankruptcy matters, chapter 7, chapter 11 and chapter 13 filings , tax discharges, creditors’ claims and collections in state court and federal court, civil lawsuits, personal injury actions, contract preparation and litigation and formation of corporations. for a more in-depth discussion of bankruptcy issues see our pages on involuntary bankruptcy or planning for bankruptcy. we handle complex chapter 7 and chapter 11 cases and discharge of tax liabilities. see our complex bankruptcy page. we file chapter 11 cases for individuals and businesses. sunrise chapter 7, 11 and 13, plantation and surrounding areas.  we can also act as local counsel for out-of-area clients and firms, see our local counsel page.
we have noticed that the recent increases in interest rates and other economic issues have caused financial stress for many individuals. call us if you need help with any financial issues. a bankruptcy action may provide more time to get caught up on rent or a mortgage, but you  need to seek help before the case goes to final judgment. see our eviction defense page for more information.
call us at 954-356-0450
we would be happy to discuss your legal needs to see if we can be of any assistance. we strive to make our client’s legal experience as stress-free as possible with the best results. no matter what the problem, we can come up with solutions.  we also work closely with our clients to limit any loss of assets in a bankruptcy action. call us at 954-356-0450 or email us at dave@flalawyer.com. we handle matters throughout south florida. click here for more information on attorney david langley.
 bankruptcy  foreclosure  litigation  other practices







 












 

 contact fort lauderdale bankruptcy attorney david langley for a consultation

 

 
contact us:




8551 w. sunrise blvd., suite 303
plantation, fl 33322







phone: (954) 356-0450







fax: (954) 356-0451



lets get social:
         



 














name*






email*






phone










message*


















 

 

home the firm bankruptcy foreclosure litigation other practices blog contact

bankruptcy lawyer – fort lauderdale & plantation, broward county – av rated by martindale-hubbell for over 20 years.
member: florida bar, federal trial bar, southern district of florida, bankruptcy bar association, broward county bar association, commercial law league of america, american bankruptcy institute, plantation chamber of commerce.
attorney advertising. we are a designated debt relief agency under federal law and we provide legal assistance to consumers seeking relief under the bankruptcy code. the purpose of this web site is to educate the public generally about legal options, not to dispense specific legal or other professional advice upon which others may rely. the services of a competent professional should be sought for specific advise. sending e-mail to this firm does not constitute an attorney-client relationship. the information provided on our site does not create an attorney-client relationship between the law offices of david langley and the user. this law firm will not represent clients generated through this web site from states where this marketing material does not comply with local ethics rules. if you are a client, you should be aware that your e-mail to this firm is probably not secure. you should not send us privileged or confidential communication by email.
the hiring of a lawyer is an important decision that should not be based solely upon advertisements. before you decide, ask us to send you free written information about our qualifications and experience. david w. langley is a bankruptcy attorney licensed to practice only in the state of florida, and the federal district court for the southern district of florida and the bankruptcy court for the southern district of florida.
copyright 2025. david w. langley, p.a. bankruptcy attorney fort lauderdale & plantation, broward county. all rights reserved.
this website is designed and developed by pr4lawyers.

 

















				go to mobile version			















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








