

southern charmz interiors | home decor from wreaths to topiaries






























 
 


home decor from wreaths to topiaries

for 
                  all the elements of a uniquely decorated home evoking classic 
                  southern charm and elegance: your selections from our website of meticulous, hand-crafted wreaths, swags, centerpieces and topiaries will complete any room in your home. we have come to understand 
                    what designs to offer to you, our valued-customer, to become your 
                    one-stop source for the casual, elegant home. 
 
    peruse our website pages to find the right design accents for your décor. our treasure-trove of designs range in 
                    style, shape and size. we offer an eclectic selection of table-top and floor 
                    topiaries from silks to dried moss. if a wreath is what you are looking for, please see our wreaths page and choose 
                    from an array of different seasonal styles. and if you are looking 
                    for the perfect finishing touch to any room; choose an item from 
                    our accent designs, sconces and swags or centerpiece pages in 
                    florals, fruits or silks. 

 
 pride of the easter bunny wreath as seen on the today show


 
                all of our accent designs are custom made by hand using the finest 
                décor materials at southern-charmz. we are constantly revising 
                our southern-charmz inventory to reflect consumer demand and trending. 
                in addition, we have become a valued resource for customers with 
                specific design needs. if you have an accent design need with 
                a specific color and/or materials, please fill out our special 
                  orders page to let us know exactly 
                what you envision. 
                 
                we are located in the historic, small town of morrisville, north 
                carolina. being in a small town between the world famous research 
                triangle park and the raleigh state capital allows for the best 
                of both worlds. it is this one-of-a kind atmosphere that allows 
                us to stay current with the ever-changing design trends while 
              retaining our small town ‘southern charm’. 
south·ern 
                pronunciation key (sthrn) adj.--- coming from the south.
charms pronunciation key (chärm) n. --- particular qualities 
                  that attract; delightful characteristics.

our name epitomizes our essence; we are proud  to offer you  designer products that exhibit the attractive qualities from 
                the south!



 





 





 











               
(you don't need an account. pay securely using your credit card.)



 
 

 
home | tabletop topiaries | large floor topiaries | petite tabletop topiaries |  indoor wreaths | outdoor designs wall sconces & swags accent pieces | centerpieces | spring designs  | winter designs
special orders | contact us | site map | faq 
southern charmz design blog: charmed a.s.a.p. 



2006 - 2023 southern-charmz interiors

 





 



 






