


nissan - reviews / specs / pictures / prices











home > nissan




research a model



1. select make
acura
alfa romeo
aston martin
audi
bmw
bentley
buick
cadillac
chevrolet
chrysler
dodge
ferrari
fiat
ford
gmc
honda
hyundai
infiniti
jaguar
jeep
kia
lamborghini
land rover
lexus
lincoln
lotus
mazda
mclaren
mercedes-benz
mini
mitsubishi
nissan
pontiac
porsche
scion
smart
subaru
suzuki
toyota
volkswagen
volvo




2. select model







3. select year
0











nissan




nissan altima

powered by a standard 2.5-liter 4-cyl. or optional 3.5-liter v6, the nissan altima is an attractively styled and well-equipped sedan that features a comfortable ride, but only average dynamics.

sedan | mid-size sedan




nissan armada

powered by a 5.6-liter v8, the nissan armada offers impressive handling. its cleverly conceived interior provides room for eight and the creature features that should satisfy its owners.

suv | full-size suv




nissan cube

the nissan cube is all-new for 2009. it features a uniquely styled exterior and versatile interior. it is powered by a 1.8l 4-cylinder mated to either a cvt or 6-speed manual.

hatchback | compact cuv




nissan frontier

powered by a choice of four- and six-cylinder engines, the nissan frontier comes in extended king cab and crew cab bodystyles and features a wide variety of trim levels. awd is an option.

pickup truck | mid-size truck more...




nissan gt-r

the nissan gt-r combines excellent handling and performance with everyday usability. thanks to its all-wheel-drive and active suspension, it's the perfect all-weather, all-purpose supercar.

coupe | luxury coupe




nissan juke

powered by 4-cylinder turbos, the nissan juke is a distinctively styled mix of a sport-utility vehicle and a coupe that offers sporty handling and a comfortable interior.

suv | compact suv




nissan leaf

powered by an electric motor producing 107 hp, the leaf eschews a gas-engine, but remains useable everyday with seating for five and a driving range of 84 miles.

hatchback | electric




nissan maxima

featuring a powerful 6-cylinder and a high-quality interior, the boldly styled nissan maxima is one of the best-handling front-wheel-drive cars available.

sedan | near-luxury sedan




nissan murano

powered by a 3.5l v6, the car-based nissan murano combines space for five passengers with a compliant ride and excellent build quality.

suv | mid-size suv




nissan pathfinder

powered by a strong v6 driving either the front or all wheels, the nissan pathfinder features a relatively comfortable ride and handles more like a car than previous generations. its spacious cabin...

suv | mid-size suv




nissan quest

the nissan quest stands out with radical looks, comparably active handling, and a strong v6. it's versatile, as well, with seating for seven.

minivan | minivan




nissan rogue

powered by a 2.5-liter engine optionally driving all wheels, the nissan rogue features a compliant ride and sporty handling. the upscale interior offers seating for up to seven.

suv | compact suv




nissan rogue select

powered by a 2.5l 4-cylinder, the nissan rogue select offers seating for five passengers in an upscale and well-equipped interior. ride and handling is good, if not sports-car like.

suv | compact suv




nissan sentra

the nissan sentra is a roomy and handsome four-door sedan that combines competent handling with a choice of either frugal or strong 4-cylinder engines.

sedan | compact




nissan titan

the nissan titan comes powered by a strong 5.6-liter v8 and is available in crew and king cab bodystyles. the titan offers a composed ride, spacious interior, and can tow up to 9,500 lbs.

pickup truck | full-size truck




nissan versa



hatchback | subcompact more...




nissan xterra

powered by a strong v6, the nissan xterra is the smaller, less-expensive member of nissan's mid-size, off-road-adventure team. nissan has kept the xterra true to its original concept.

suv | mid-size suv




nissan 370z

powered by a strong v6 driving the rear wheels, the nissan 370z offers seating for two, a handsome exterior, and excellent handling, for an affordable price.

coupe | sports coupe more...
research by year
2020201820162014201220102008200620042002201920172015201320112009200720052003







#1 to research . buy . enjoy cars


by make

acurachryslerjaguarmclarensubarualfa romeododgejeepmercedes-benzsuzukiaston martinferrarikiaminitoyotaaudifiatlamborghinimitsubishivolkswagenbmwfordland rovernissanvolvobentleygmclexuspontiacbuickhondalincolnporschecadillachyundailotusscionchevroletinfinitimazdasmart



by bodystyle

convertiblecrossoverhybridpickup trucksuvcoupehatchbackminivansedanwagon



by class

compactfull-size sedanluxury convertiblemid-size suvsports coupecompact convertiblefull-size suvluxury coupemid-size trucksubcompactcompact coupefull-size truckluxury sedanminivansubcompact lux. suvcompact cuvhybrid compactluxury suvnear-luxury sedansubcompact suvcompact luxury suvhybrid coupemid-size convertibleperformance compactsupercarcompact suvhybrid sedanmid-size coupeperf. convertibleupper luxury sedanelectrichybrid suvmid-size cuvperformance sedanwagonfull-size luxury suvhybrid truckmid-size sedanroadster


buying guides & reviews
galleries















web

jb car pages

















research by makeacurachryslerjaguarmclarensubarualfa romeododgejeepmercedes-benzsuzukiaston martinferrarikiaminitoyotaaudifiatlamborghinimitsubishivolkswagenbmwfordland rovernissanvolvobentleygmclexuspontiacbuickhondalincolnporschecadillachyundailotusscionchevroletinfinitimazdasmarthome | contact us | privacy policy | buying guides & reviews | site map
copyright © 2000 - 2025 jb car pages








