



















corpus christi dwi defense lawyer | law offices of phillip goff





















 (361) 592-4357
									   
									 (956) 888-7227


















client login











 menu

homelocationsnueces countycameron countyhidalgo countypractice areascriminal defensedwi defensecommercial drivers defense attorneydrug possessionmotions to revokeclean your recordimportant faqsdwi faqsdrug defense faqstraffic ticket faqsexpunctions & nondisclosure faqsblogtestimonialsclient logincontact 











serving nueces, cameron, hidalgo and surrounding counties.dwi & criminal defense lawyerevery client deserves first rate legal representation, so call the law office of phillip goff.phillip goff gives every case his greatest effort and careful attention. phillip goff is a dedicated texas attorney who strives to provide the highest quality defense possible. everyone has rights guaranteed under the law, and the right attorney should provide professionalism, resourcefulness, and legal insight. he respects the personal dignity of every client because he believes in the importance of client trust. phillip goff possesses these qualities, and it shows in his dedication and determination to win. 










10.0phillip wayne goff













phillip wayne goffreviewsout of 52 reviews



why are these memberships and ratings significant?


















criminal defense
practice areas











dwi defense

people from all walks of life are arrested for dwi: pillars ...










criminal defense

 if you are even suspected of a felony or misdemeanor, find a...










cdl

 for more than 20 years in south texas, phillip w. goff has h...













why choose us







criminal defense attorney phillip w. goff is a tough defense attorney with the experience, strategy, and technical resources to fight your charges.
call (361)592-4357 to schedule a free consultation. mr. goff will listen to the particular facts of your case and recommend what to do next.
since 1996, phillip w. goff has been defending many texans in criminal defense and dwi cases, achieving outstanding results in court, many of them not guilty verdicts. mr. goff takes a personal interest in his clients’ cases, utilizing a full range of methods and procedures to achieve a favorable legal outcome for his criminal defense clients.
mr. goff files pre-trial motions and cross-examines procedures and the evidence presented by the police, prosecutors, and expert witnesses. his substantial grasp of the law encompasses proven dwi defense strategies. clients receive his careful attention and can be confident. he promptly responds to clients, and he employs the latest technical resources to ensure that clients remain well-informed about the progress being made on their behalf. the case management system tracks and monitors every communication between clients and the attorney, making him very responsive. 












criminal defense


talk to a lawyer, not the police









traffic tickets


it’s often much more than “just a ticket”











commercial drivers


truck drivers need legal help on a more regular basis than most









dwi defense


don’t allow yourself to be caught up in the court machine without professional representation”











drug possession


phillip goff is pleased to defend you against your texas drug charges









motions to revoke


phillip goff handles motions to revoke for most criminal cases, not just driving while intoxicated











expungement and expunction


don’t let your past ruin your future.


















295+
google, facebook, and yelp reviews






faqs




											   		the police officer never read me my rights, so the case will be thrown out, right?
											  	



no. failure to read someone his rights does not require dismissal. miranda warnings are generally not required unless the police question a suspect while the suspect is in custody. even then, the only “penalty” for failing to read miranda rights to a suspect is that the statement made by the suspect might not be allowed in a trial.






											   		what should i do if the police officer asks me to watch his pen or do physical agility tests?
											  	



you are under no obligation whatsoever to perform any physical tests like watching a pen, balancing on one leg, or walking a line. there is no legal penalty for refusing those tests. don’t fall for a line like “well, if you refuse to do the tests, you’re giving me no choice but to arrest you”. you may be arrested when you refuse, but the officer really decided to arrest you before he asked you to do the tests. politely and respectfully declining to do any tests prior to consulting with an attorney will go a long way to helping your defense.you have never performed the tests that he is requesting. regardless of how well you think you will do on the tests, you will learn you failed the tests. even officers who have done the tests hundreds of times fail to administer the tests by the book. when the officer asks you to perform for him, politely state that you must speak to an attorney before deciding whether to perform any test.






											   		what should i do if i am stopped and questioned by a police officer after i’ve been drinking?
											  	



if you are stopped, you are probably being videotaped. be polite and courteous. antagonizing the officer invites problems. hand the officer your driver’s license and proof of insurance. do not admit guilt, apologize, or volunteer information. this is not the time to beg your way out of a traffic ticket. if you are questioned, respectfully inform the officer that you will not answer any questions without an attorney present. when he finishes writing the ticket/warning, ask whether you are free to leave.if you are free to leave, thank your lucky stars that you have not learned your lesson the hard way and be on your way – carefully and lawfully. in the future, choose the safer route by not driving after drinking and avoid all this stress. if another person in the car is capable of driving and hasn’t been drinking, let him drive. if you are told you are not free to leave, immediately request an attorney, terminate the interview, and remain silent.

















testimonials







exceptional legal representation! my attorney phillip w. goff skillfully navigated my case, ultimately securing a dismissal. his expertise,... read more








thank you for a successful outcome!
jacob honea









philip and his staff are absolutly wonderful.the entire process was explained in detail and professionally expedited. their communication is, by far,... read more








philip and his staff are absolutely wonderful!
v h









great services! this office was very easy to get in contact with. they were very receptive to my case and provided plenty of updates along the way.... read more








great services!
lucas









phillip explained everything in detail and answered all the questions i had. he listened to all my concerns and understood my situation better than i... read more








i recommend phil’s outstanding expertise and service!
cindy williams









great lawyer  took him a case i had going on for 5 years and he got it dismissed will differently  keep his number on hand... read more








great lawyer!
jam bur









a great help in getting my issue solved promptly and with a favorable result. i would highly recommend him to everyone.... read more








i would highly recommend him to everyone
dragon7689









early 2021, my husband had gotten a dwi in corpus christi. being from austin, texas, we had no knowledge of any lawyers or really of who to turn to.... read more








 we’re beyond grateful for everything him 
isabel hernandez









mr. goff is an excellent attorney and has excellent rapport and relationships with the local da's and judges. should you unfortunately find yourself... read more








mr. goff is an excellent attorney
bernie quintero









was truly a life saver made what i thought was going to be a difficult process so easy this is where your money is best put to use you won’t regret... read more








was truly a life saver
quincy tatum









when you are in legal trouble, like i was, you need a lawyer who communicates well and gives you the best legal help and advice.  i believe mr. goff... read more








 he was the best for me!
b w









mr.goff was amazing, he always kept me updated and did everything he can to help me i recommend him anytime anyplace.... read more








mr.goff was amazing
noel macias









great work by phillip and team my case got dismissed today. i am happy with that they help me through out the process.... read more








great work by phillip
ad la









the phillip w. goff law office helped me with a traffic citation.  they were very straight forward.  they didn't over promise anything.  and they... read more








definitely worth a call
alan day









i wanted to share my experiences with the law office of phillip w. goff.to get right to the point, mr. goff's expertise and professionalism made a... read more








i highly recommend mr. goff's services
jacob nelson









i hold class a cdl and i received a speeding ticket in a town hard to get lawyer services. paid threw the pay portal link they send. they took the... read more








nice job
amado benavidez









would recommend to anyone!... read more








would recommend to anyone!
michael fooshee









extremely easy to approach and converse with, very knowledgeable about the process and best way to handle the case, and most importantly worked... read more








extremely easy to approach
brandon wilson









one of the best law offices i have dealt with. the hiring process was quick and easy and they handled my case perfectly, my expectations were... read more








the hiring process was quick and easy!
vince loffredo









5 star representation! mr. goff is the best out there he explained the whole process and was helpful navigating every step he did not sugar coat... read more








5 star representation! 
michael guerra









the law office of phillip w. goff did an amazing job for me. i’m a class a cdl driver. i had 2 tickets that they took care of for me. they were... read more








goff's law office did an amazing job for me.
keith thomas jackson









phillip is a great attorney! i highly recommend him as your lawyer. he is very knowledgeable and professional in conducting legal matters.... read more








phillip is a great attorney!
wesley montgomery









i received a speeding ticket out of state and needed a lawyer to help deal with it and get it dismissed so it didn’t end up on my record. phillip... read more








phillip made it super easy and painless
lauren czirr









mr. goff kept open communication and provided great representation. my case was dismissed in less then six months. mr phillip goff came highly... read more








mr. goff kept open communication and provided great representation.
issac pina









i've been working with phillip for approx. 18 months now. my experience has been characterized by:- professionalism- timely responses (often even... read more








i feel comfortable recommending phillip to anyone/everyone
william brown









mr.goff is one of the best lawyers that money could buy. he’s very responsive during my entire case he kept constant contact and helped get the... read more








mr.goff is one of the best lawyers that money could buy
chris anderson









mr. goff made this process so easy for me. very professional and organized. answers any questions you have. thank you again, sir.... read more








mr. goff made this process so easy for me
joey villarreal









mr. phillip goff and his team were absolutely phenomenal in getting my dwi case resolved and dismissed. not only was my case resolved incredibly... read more








best attorney i have ever worked with...
stephanie jackson









made it very easy, this law office did all the work and i received amazing results. thank you guys!... read more








made it very easy
chase stricker









i’ve had them for about 3 years already and they’ve helped me with multiple speeding tickets in different counties. and each case had the outcome... read more








they are worth every dollar
alex a









best pro in town... read more








best pro in town
paul nomir









mr. goff was instrumental in assisting me and expediting my case. he made my experience very easy and gave me the information i needed when i needed... read more








he’s very informative and knowledgeable 
robert harp









phillip goff represented me in nueces county. i am very pleased with his work. he is a good communicator. he explained the process, my choices and... read more








i am very pleased with his work.
richard hinkle









mr. goff and his law office were extremely professional and quick in addressing my run-in with the law resulting in dismissals.  thank you very much... read more








mr. goff and his law office were extremely professional
henry vasquez









mr. goff was very helpful during the entire process and made it very easy, coming from someone who has never had to deal with lawyers before. would... read more








would recommend!
garrett loudermilk









great service!! good and fast communication through the appeal process.  highly recommended!... read more








good and fast communication
moises alanis









thank you both for all your hard work. soooooo thankful i put the trust of my career in your hands. you should change your name to allstate ( because... read more








thank you both for all your hard work
william jonescue









this guy is hands down the best of the best.... read more








this guy is hands down the best of the best.
elizabeth bindseil









i am very grateful that my case was handled by this attorney phillip w.g.i have a cdl and got a ticket for speeding in my toyota corolla by the... read more








i recommend this lawyer; if i could give him ten stars, i would
pedro ramon









if you want someone thorough, will take you and your case seriously, and do their best to provide the best outcome for you and your future, go with... read more








thanks mr. goff, you're the man!
g g









they were very informative and attentive to keeping me updated and making sure i knew what was needed going forward with everything... read more








they were very informative and attentive
anthony evans









easy to deal with and worth every penny!... read more








easy to deal with and worth every penny!
marilee henson









goff kept me well informed throughout my whole case. he looked out for my best interest and was super easy to work with. glad i trusted him.... read more








 glad i trusted him
michael wipf









exceptional!'a great outcome under terrible circumstances'... read more








a great outcome under terrible circumstances
jenna farnell









i highly recommend this law firm, phillip goff and cat made this experience as painless as it gets. being a texas non-resident made this a very... read more








i highly recommend this law firm
skip sims









after my first dwi i searched through many lawyers and i am grateful that i chose mr. goff. he insured me that he was there for the individual, and... read more








i highly recommend this gentleman.
andrew j









i have had the best experience! i definitely recommend using mr. goff. he was a lot of help for me and did an amazing job.... read more








i have had the best experience
sydney kubas









mr. goff was reasonably priced, extremely professional, and made my life a lot easier. he did all the leg work for me and took care of everything. he... read more








mr. goff was reasonably priced, extremely professional
parker moore









mr. goff was nothing but honest with my fiance and i regarding an mtr. he gave us best and worst case scenarios and was very responsive to our... read more








highly recommend his services.
kayli walshak









communicated with me every step of the process, pleased with the outcome. highly recommend for any of your ticket needs.... read more








pleased with the outcome
matthew wolfe









mr. goff and his team had excellent communication and worked extensively on my behalf, resulting in a dismissal. would highly recommend to anyone... read more








mr. goff and his team had excellent communication
jon roscoe









phillip goff really knows his stuff. i was lost about what to do. i didn't know where to start. i had never been in this position before. he was... read more








phillip goff really knows his stuff
lisa melendez









great experience for this cdl holder! he did what he’s known to do, and at a fair price. i recommend him for anybody needing to protect their cdl!... read more








great experience for this cdl holder!
spibiggie









phillip goff fantastic, he worked with me every step of the way and was very easily reachable. he is very professional and great at what he does.... read more








phillip goff fantastic
sam hatton









phillip goff conducts himselfin a very professional manner.  he responds to every question, in a very timely manner. very knowledgeable and... read more








 very knowledgeable and informative
eric smith









was introduced to mr. goff thought the drivers legal plan. i received a ticket for 15mph over in a commercial vehicle and just got word today that my... read more








thanks again mr. goff for all your hard work!!!
justin wright









sometimes in life things happen that are just unexpected! when that happens you need the right people on your side to help you get through the... read more








i gladly recommend phillip and his team to anyone looking for legal assistance
sam strickland









working with mr. goff has been nothing but professionalism at a high degree. when working with a lawyer with great communication and a lot of... read more








 mr. goff is very capable of handling your case
matt tracy









i just want to mention and highly recommend this lawyer and his firm for doing an amazing job for me! they helped resolve a years long ticket... read more








outstanding job!
edward esqueda









i would recommend if dealing with a dwi in corpus christi. the law office of mr. goff has been extremely helpful. the app used to communicate is very... read more








the law office of mr. goff has been extremely helpful
devin piñon









i found myself in a chaotic legal situation, i contacted several attorneys, some didn't even call back, and some, frankly didn't sound professional... read more








outstanding attorney
juan valdes









mr. goff provides clear expectations and transpanecy when handling initial inquires.  upon hiring mr. goff, you can expect attentiveness and quick... read more








mr. goff provides clear expectations and transpanecy
sam schwartz









mr. goff was an amazing attorney. responded very fast to emails regarding my issue. also he would personally go down to the courthouse for me because... read more








mr. goff was an amazing attorney
justin lee









i would like to wish mr. goff and cat a happy new year ! and thank both of them for their professionalism and very quick responses to any concerns... read more








i would recommend and if necessary request their services again
isaac polanco









phillip has been there every step of the way!  he’s taken the time to educate me on my case, has been helpful, professional and kept me informed... read more








phillip has been there every step of the way!
theresa h









i am glad that i contacted the law office of phillip w. goff when i needed legal assistance. he and his team were responsive and proactive with all... read more








i am moving forward with a positive outcome and appreciate mr. goff's work
bailey martin









i can’t thank mr. goff enough. when i came to him, my case seemed hopeless and i didn’t even know what to hope for. he was very thorough and made... read more








i really wish i could do more than a five star review to show my appreciation
hawi bekele









mr. goff did a fantastic job representing me he was quick to respond to all my questions and told me exactly what i needed to do. i real pro!... read more








real pro!
jake resio









anytime you get into an unforeseen situation with the law regarding your cdl. i recommend this firm. i’m extremely pleased with the results. got... read more








i recommend this firm
jimmy tucker









they took care of me from day 1 until the end. the best team i've come cross that actually care about you. i'll pick them everytime. thanks again for... read more








 the best team i've come cross that actually care about you
twoletta dpill









great value. mr goff was able to greatly lower the punishment and fines i was facing for my dwi. i would recommend him to anyone. if anything, at... read more








great value
s w









very responsive and very professional, always reaching out when they had any news on my case. happy with the results! highly recommended.... read more








happy with the results!
creasa usa









he’s been the best attorney experience i’ve ever had. he’s prompt and takes time to explain and makes sure you fully understand. he goes above... read more








 i give them a 10 star plus rating!
jessica a









very down to earth and professional about all aspects of being one of their clients. everything was carried out in a timely manner, and once there... read more








very down to earth and professional
braden shields









mr. goff and his team were very courteous and professional during my entire experience. he kept if perfect communication with me sometimes responding... read more








mr. goff and his team were very courteous and professional
christopher brice









phillip goff was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient in his council and correspondence with me. in working on my case, careful attention to... read more








phillip goff was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient 
bobby salazar









i highly recommend the law office of phillip w. goff and his team. they were truly interested in my needs while handling my case. i was pleasantly... read more








i highly recommend the law office of phillip w. goff and his team
john hale









very helpful, knowledgeable, and professional. returns calls same day!... read more








very helpful, knowledgeable, and professional
dylan heard









philip goff is a tireless relentless dedicated attorney that seeks and gets the best possible results for his clients. he landed me a deal that was... read more








philip goff is a tireless relentless dedicated attorney
tom clarke









my personal convictions were 2nd and 3rd degree felonies. the settlement of my case took over 3 and a half years. the trialsome and disheartening... read more








phillip goff kept in constant contact with me, updating me as well as responding
tiara garza









mr. goff was all-around amazing to work with. he kept track of everything expertly and took care of things without even having to be asked. when i... read more








mr. goff was all-around amazing to work with.
ashley richards









great lawyer and staff..i received a ticket i believed unfairly and phillip goff and staff handled it professionally and immediately took care of... read more








great lawyer and staff
bernard watson









mr. goff was able to get me a very favorable resolution to my outstanding ticket case. i highly recommend him... read more








mr. goff was able to get me a very favorable resolution
hector ortiz









this is definitely the people you need and want to take care of your legal situation! highly recommend!!! thank you, mr. goff, and many thanks to... read more








highly recommend!!! thank you, mr. goff
sean craig









they did an amazing job of keeping me informed and dealing with my 1000 questions. i would highly recommend for anyone.... read more








 they did an amazing job of keeping me informed
austin maytum









very clean... read more








very clean
craig quinn









awesome law office to do business with, looks at your case and explains everything very thoroughly. very satisfied with the outcome mr. goff is very... read more








awesome law office to do business with
ranchogrande torres









did a great job dealing with my case and made sure to keep me in the loop and explain everything to me... read more








did a great job dealing with my case
james vanderford









mr. goff did an outstanding job with my case. he was very easy to talk to and was really quick to reply to emails ex. he did most of the work for me... read more








 10/10 would highly recommend mr. goff
cory baker









i never thought i’d find myself in a situation where i would need a lawyer, but life happens. i  thank mr. goff for showing me what outstanding... read more








the law office of philip w. goff is the best choice 
jr garza









mr. goff is very professional. the best dui/dwi lawyer around. you should look no further than this man right here. made everything as simple and... read more








the best dui/dwi lawyer around
corey









very professional  great communication thru the process greatly recommend it... read more








very professional great communication
edgar romero









law office of phillip w. goff is the office to call when you are needing professional legal assistance. he guided me all every step of the process. i... read more








 i was given a amazing offer on my case, and i’m very grateful
danny g









i have been using phillip for 4 or 5 years now. they haven't let me down yet.... read more








they haven't let me down yet
transending the nice guy









i contacted goff law firm regarding a traffic violation my first contract was with cat who was very knowledgeable and able to inform me of what i... read more








 i strongly urge you to consider retaining the goff law firm
rick baxter









i was very happy with the professionalism and expertise that the phillip goff law firm showed me. they were able to answer all of my questions and... read more








i highly recommend you give this law office a call
zachary pritchard









i definitely recommend phillip goff he is an excellent lawyer . he helped me with a 2 year long case , and in the end got dismissed. i am very... read more








phillip goff he is an excellent lawyer
gerardo lara









my experience was the best by far with mr goff...they got on the ball very fast...got my  cases dismissed and taken care of..i had four traffic... read more








trust me he's the best lawyer around here
ricardo perez jr









an excellent lawyer who fights for the best outcome for each and 
everyone of his clients. he was able to get me ptd on a second offense... read more








dwi
anonymous









i called four attorney offices before reaching the law office of philip goff.  the representatives who answered the phone at the other offices were... read more








 i highly recommend him as compassionate, helpful, responsive
joy charisse leach









phillip was very helpful, informative and quick to respond. very satisfied client.  highly recommend.... read more








phillip was very helpful, informative and quick to respond
john gilbert









from day 1 to presently...i would like to thank the law office of mr. phillip w. goff for being an incredibly powerful advocate for me throughout my... read more








mr. phillip w. goff for being an incredibly powerful advocate for me 
rob garcia









professional and courteous lawyer. excellent communication and settled 
my issues with the best outcome i could have expected. he took care of... read more








professional experience
cliff









very happy and very grateful with the services of attorney phillip w. goff and his assistant cat huss, very professional, they took my case very... read more








very happy and very grateful with the services of attorney phillip w. goff
alfredo solorzano









i recently had to file some 
paperwork and needed some legal advice. after looking online i found mr.
 goff's office. he was very responsive from... read more








mr. goff is very responsive lawyer
lee l.









mr. goff was very knowledgable and professional in representing me in my dwi case. he guided and supported me through the whole process. i am very... read more








i am very pleased and thankful with the end result 
dianna conwell









mr goff was extremely helpful in getting my case expunged from my record.  he was easy to reach and very quick to respond anytime i had any... read more








mr goff was extremely helpful in getting my case
bobby









mr goff helped me with a speed trap ticket in a work zone with no work being done he took care of everything. thank you very much. he took my case... read more








mr goff helped me with a speed trap ticket
john gilbert









handled everything while i hardly had to do anything, easy to work with and responded fast. strongly recommend.... read more








easy to work with and responded fast
cody miller









very happy with the representation i received from mr. goff. he and his staff kept me well informed about what was happening with my case. my case... read more








very happy with the representation i received from mr. goff
ralph









outstanding professional representation. attorney phillip goff assisted me with a current legal issue with which i was completely unfamiliar. he... read more








outstanding professional representation
timothy mckenna









i worked with phillp w. goff on a pom charge recently that stems back two years ago now. i am out of state. phillip was very helpful, informative,... read more








phillip was very helpful, informative, quick to respond and nice to work with
angela will









mr.goff is professional, caring and responsive. he quickly started 
working on my case and in one day had positive results. he notified me... read more








kind, compassionate, responsive and caring
joy









mr. goff really helped me out.  totally exceeded any expectations i had.... read more








mr. goff really helped me out
justin dickens









his assistant, kat, was very thorough, professional and to the point. very knowledgeable and resourceful! thank you!... read more








very knowledgeable and resourceful!
salvador stein iii









my attorney mr. goff, was able to get my dwi dismissed off my record. 
which i completed my probation, and took all my classes as i was 
supposed... read more








dwi case
jacklyn









d.w.i and open container charge dismissed.was worried and stressing but mr. goff would tell me to stay calm. was a long process but let me tell you... read more








highly recommend the law office of phillip w. goff
jesse trevino









fantastic work! should have went with this lawyer from the start. told him about my out of town work schedule and my dwi charges and it didn’t take... read more








fantastic work! 
james preston









mr goff took care of my tickets very quickly and efficiently and got me a not guilty verdict.  the best part is that i live out of town and i only... read more








mr goff took care of my tickets very quickly and efficiently
brent dever









very responsive and not willing to advise me to accept any offers that were not in my best interest. in the end the case was dropped by the... read more








great job. i highly recommend
eugene osteen









having to need an attorney is extremely stressful in itself. when you have phillip goff as an attorney you can expect excellent communication at all... read more








phillip goff as an attorney you can expect excellent communication at all times
jessica reynolds









i was well represented by mr. goff. very professional, and does his best to take care of you. i would recommend and use them in the future for all of... read more








mr. goff. very professional, and does his best to take care of you
e s









mr. goff was amazing in getting my dwi case expunged from my record. it 
was nearly impossible to reach my previous lawyer but mr. goff always 
got... read more








excellent lawyer
bobby









awesome service and went above and beyond. definitely recommend mr. goff... read more








awesome service and went above and beyond
sandra mendez









good communication and he worked diligently to get the best results possible. i would definitely recommend.... read more








good communication and he worked diligently
vance clark









i was not personally inside or close to this office, however i found the staff (cat), which is her name, and our correspondence back and forth to be... read more








recommend them? yes! very much so!
paul vanek









i am so thankful for mr goff  n mrs cat. they worked very hard for me to keep my cdl clean. i very strongly recommend any cdl license holder to call... read more








i very strongly recommend any cdl license holder to call mr goff
lee mckoy









first i would like to thanks mr goffi want to talk about my experience with mr goff and why i gave him five stars. i’m  a truck driver got a ticket... read more








i highly recommend anyone has a ticket to hire mr phillip goff
murtadha ali









professional, so wonderful to work with. always followed through with everything that was promised. even things as small as taking the time to send... read more








professional, so wonderful to work with
niaomi grove









glad i found this law office. easy to work with and they got my tickets dismissed with out me ever having to step foot in a court room.... read more








glad i found this law office
frank l









i would like to thanks phillip w. goff and his team for taking my case and coming out with a great outcome. my dwi case was dismissed!!!!!!! me and... read more








i would like to thanks phillip w. goff and his team for taking my case
team bouche t-b









i was in trouble with dwi and i was in need of a lawyer immediately. 
this was my first time ever being in trouble, so i had no idea where to 
look... read more








knows his stuff!!!
sean 









i highly recommend this lawyer! he did a wonderful job!... read more








he did a wonderful job!
denise robertson









without question—i will always recommend phillip and give 5 stars for his dedication and professionalism. i could say many things; however, to keep... read more








i will always recommend phillip and give 5 stars for his dedication and professionalism
valerie vela









would like to thank you very much for a wonderful quick job and the knowledge and the experience would make me come back to use you again as my... read more








 thank you very much for all you've done great job
giovanni aspromonte









always answered my messages in a timely manner, provided me with all my options and his recommendations. he handled everything that needed to be done... read more








always answered my messages in a timely manner
connor cusack









lawyer phillip goff is hands down the best dwi lawyer in corpus christi,
 tx. when facing a dwi charge, i contacted him and a few other lawyers... read more








best dwi lawyer
jordan









very happy with the results! efficient communication & professional!... read more








very happy with the results!
patrick burke









i would like to take this time to celebrate and share my experience with mr. phillip goff as my attorney. mr. goff handled my traffic court case on... read more








he is hands down one of the top 5 attorneys in texas!
kenrick hinds









mr. goff is the real deal, helped me with my dwi case, when facing a charge like this you need the best and i recommend phillip goff.... read more








mr. goff is the real deal
eugene martinez









pretty much i have a cdl a and i got a slow poke ticket in edinburgh t.x. i went into mr goff's office depressed cause i lost my job with that ticket... read more








he is not only an excellent lawyer he's a good man
gracie aguilar









mr. goff is everything you could ask for! i love out of town and don’t 
normally find myself in need of a defense lawyer. he is thorough and is... read more








excellent
alan









mr. goff took on my 1-year-old case without hesitation. he reviewed all 
documents and was up-to-speed within hours. he communicated with me... read more








extremely professional and very effective
theresa









phillip goff, is a friend and an excellent attorney. i am proud to say 
phillip prepared my last will and testament many years ago. my trust in... read more








retired
elva









my experience with mr. goff was excellent. i found myself in a situation where i just knew it was going to be difficult to address since i lived out... read more








my experience with mr. goff was excellent
donald wallace









i was wrongfully charged with a serious assault charge in 2017 so i contacted mr.goff.  he was able to get my case dismissed shortly before going to... read more








he was always professional, courteous, and helpful
christian chavez









my overall experience with mr. phillip goff was really good. he is an excellent lawyer & very professional. i really liked how he & his team... read more








he deserves more than 5 stars for his dedication, compassion
mukesh









phillip is committed to his clients. from his case knowledge to his organized approach to your case. you can’t go wrong. phil is the one i refer... read more








phillip is committed to his clients
steve bowling









i was hesitant to hire an attorney regarding an old traffic citation, but in the end it was a smart decision that saved me time and money. mr. goff... read more








mr. goff and his staff were friendly and professional
luke markert









long overdue review! he saved me thousands in increased insurance premiums, along with points off my cdl. hopefully will never have to use his... read more








he saved me thousands in increased insurance premiums
jacob reimer









phillip is an amazing caring lawyer that helped me beyond my expectations. he was truely a godsend with a great personality and very truthful. his... read more








phillip is an amazing caring lawyer
paola jab









professional, efficient, technologically savvy! i would highly recommend working with mr goff!... read more








professional, efficient, technologically savvy!
stewart trenchardc









very professional, he spoke to me personally and helped me solve my case effectively... read more








helped me solve my case effectively
jose gutierrez









very satisfied with service. would highly recommend and definetly hire in the future.... read more








very satisfied with service
eric morin









mr. goff was very professional, honest, prompt and did exactly as he 
said he would. reasonable with his fees! i was ticketed by an officer 
who... read more








ceo
tom









in february 2017 i was arrested with a small amount of marijuana and was put on deferred adjudication for 1 year. i called phillip goff to help me... read more








highly recommend him if you get into a bind phillip goff’s your man!










phillip goff is an excellent lawyer – the end result was nothing more 
than above and beyond 100%. he will be straight forward, truthful and 
let... read more








dwi - life changing
anonymous









it took a awhile, but i know from first hand personal experience that the courts take forever to get cases heard.  with that being said, the... read more








the outcome was flawless!
paulette charlesworth









i am a cdl driver and was given a serious offense ticket and phillip and his team had my case dismissed and saved my livelyhood! i am very glad i... read more








phillip and his team had my case dismissed and saved my livelyhood
martin ledesma









got me off the hook quick and easyhighly recommended!!!!... read more








got me off the hook quick and easy
axel kim









excellent service, saved thousands, strongly recommend this attorney.... read more








excellent service, saved thousands
joe guajardo









phil is a great attorney. he works closely with his clients and gives them what they deserve. highly recommend.... read more








phil is a great attorney
ruben saldana









it took a awhile, but i know from first hand personal experience that 
the courts take forever to get cases heard. with that being said, the... read more








cdl/trucking
paulette









phil is a great attorney. phil works closely with his clients and gives them what they deserve, a fair shake. highly recommend.... read more








phil goff
ruben









i recently needed an attorney to handle a legal matter for me and i reached out to phil. he came to my home, we discussed what was going on and he... read more








phil is knowledgeable, passionate about what he does
albert garcia









i contacted philip goff, after reading great reviews because i received a
 dwi. i had no clue how the process worked being it was my first... read more








helpful through the entire process 
steffanie p









mr. goff is very professional and patient. he worked hard to assist me with my case and did exactly what he said he would do and then some. i would... read more








mr. goff is very professional and patient
international specialized investigations (houston pi)









i hired mr. goff to represent me in a dps hearing to defend my cdl. i 
was in jeopardy of having my license suspended due to traffic citations.
 he... read more








professional and caring
william 









when
 i recently contacted attorney phillip goff about obtaining an 
occupational driver's license, he explained the process to me and then 
asked... read more








dwi dismissed! no criminal record! thou$and$ saved! 
jared









great lawyer! handle my case well and really fast. he works for you 100% the entire time.... read more








great lawyer! handle my case well 
courtnee williams









joseph started out with a felony motion to revoke, then got charged with
 4 more felonies and 8 class a misdemeanors. one felony had the 
potential... read more








cases dismissed!
anonymous









attorney goff was the ultimate professional! he was very straight 
forward regarding possible outcomes of our case. he worked diligently to
 ensure... read more








the best in town
nikia wilder









getting a speeding ticket off your record when you have a cdl is not a 
easy process! but no task is too difficult for phillip goff. awesome... read more








speeding ticket dismissal
kelly









when choosing representation choose wisely. essentially you're putting 
your life in the hands of someone else. you want phillip in your corner.
... read more








put your trust in this man
monica 









mr. goff is one of the best lawyers out there did everything he possibly could to get me the best deal instead of going to prison i got pre trial... read more








mr. goff is one of the best lawyers out there 
david castro









i highly recommend mr. goff to anyone in need of an attorney, especially
 military and veterans. . his rates were reasonable and affordable. mr.... read more








professional, knowledgeable, personal representation.
woody 









got 60 days deferred for over 120 mph
done a great job ... read more








speeding ticket
don









mr. goff truly is the best.  he's extremely organized and on top of things.  he uploads everything and communicates through a website where... read more








mr. goff truly is the best
benjamin knandel









mr. goff is the best lawyer i've ever worked with, hands down. he's 
taken care of a few issues on separate occasions for me and each time 
it's... read more








best lawyer in cc
anonymous









i was accused of a serious crime. i couldn't get probation, if i had 
lost. i refused to pleading guilty because i did not do it. mr. goff... read more








not guilty by a jury in my felony
anonymous









phillip is very professional and articulate, he has always prevailed in 
any case we hired him for. i highly recommend phillip, he gets the job... read more








outstanding lawyer
anonymous









i had 2 outstanding warrants in corpus christi for 2 misdemeanors that 
were never token care of correctly. although, i was no longer living in... read more








misdemeanor case
judi









my cdl was at risk, i decided to contact mr. goff and from that point on
 i can say he took care of my case in a fast and professional manner. 
the... read more








cant be better
dan









in january 2016, i researched the internet in an attempt to find an 
available attorney to represent me on a traffic citation in duval 
county.... read more








great service from atty phillip goff
frank









as a former practicing lawyer, i did a thorough search for someone who 
could help me with a school zone traffic violation in a one-stoplight 
town... read more








extremely diligent, competent attorney
tom









i highly recommend the services of attorney phillip goff. i greatly 
appreciated the courteousness and professionalism that he treated me 
with... read more








attorney phillip goff
anonymous









as this was my first offense towards the state, it can be very 
troublesome to gain information for your next move. fortunately i was 
able to find... read more








simple and informative
anonymous









after being denied deferred adjudication for a speeding citation, i 
contacted mr. goff based on the many positive reviews on this website 
and... read more








mission accomplished. deferred offered. 
anonymous









mr goff represented a loved one of mine. he did an outstanding job of 
describing and creating a verbal interpretation that really drew an... read more








mr goff represented
eric









my daughter was extradited from tennessee to texas for a probation 
violation. i searched on avvo for an attorney. mr. goff had a high 
rating and... read more








fantastic attorney!!!
tim & chris 









top notch professionalism and expertise!the kind of lawyer that ‘under-promises and over-delivers’. his expertise and professionalism was... read more








top notch professionalism and expertise!
stormy florin









phillip is an awesome lawyer, took care of my care is speedy fashion and is what i was looking for. great job thank you so much!... read more








probation reinstated
anonymous









my daughter was extradited to texas and i had no idea of where to begin.
 i searched online for attorneys in the kingsville area and thank... read more








florida extradition to texas
kelly 









hi, i had a few cases for speeding when visiting family coming from 
frisco, texas. i hired mr. phillip goff to help me; right away he was 
very... read more








awesome attorney!!
elvis 









he was prompt, knowledgeable and friendly. it helped a lot!... read more








criminal defense advice session
anonymous









outstanding job! best lawyer ever.
 i am an owner operator and i needed a lawyer now. i had received 
several tickets in a construction zone and my... read more








outstanding job! best lawyer ever.
terry 









mr. goff represented me in a criminal matter and got an excellent 
outcome for me. i've worked with other attorneys in the past and mr. 
goff was... read more








great result
anonymous









i was facing several different criminal charges. i was certain that my 
clean record was ruined and that i could be convicted. when i got bailed
... read more








mr. goff is an outstanding lawyer!
chris 









i recommend attorney philip goff to anyone who has a traffic
violation in texas. i had an accident in the corpus christi
area that could have ended... read more








he saved my career.
anonymous









i will admit that i had quite a few tickets that i had not taken care of
 for many years. well eventually it caught up with me and i was unable 
to... read more








what an awesome experience!!!!!!!!
jose 









mr. goff represented me after i received a traffic ticket. he was very 
helpful in answering all of my questions and he kept the ticket off of 
my... read more








responsive, professional, thorough
colin 









i got a speeding ticket 13 years ago that came up recently when i tried 
to renew my license. i live in dallas, but was in the kleberg county 
area... read more








excellent lawyer
don









i
 went to court without a lawyer for a drug possession charge. i was on 
parole and was real worried about going back to prison. i watched all... read more








he got my drug case dropped!
anonymous









i had a wonderful experience with phillip. when i got into trouble with 
my dwi, the minute i got let out on bail, i called my friend who is a... read more








great lawyer
anonymous









i'am a otr driver trying to make a living so anything i do goes on my 
licences , to make a long story short, no police were need'ed in this... read more








100% satisfied cliant
tammy 









phillip goff is brilliant. anytime i've had legal matters to deal with, 
he has been very prompt, thorough and courteous in his response. i've... read more








here's your guy!
anonymous









mr. goff represented me in my dwi case. he worked fast and took care of 
my license to not get suspended. he was informative and took the time to
... read more








great attorney
anonymous























									february 13, 2025								
criminal law ramifications under donald trump

this is a free-flow thought piece meant to ponder how some federal criminal law situations may play out in the next four years. things will look...









									december 10, 2024								
the truth about crime lab testing

even with the most advanced technology and the best-trained technicians, test results from a crime lab won't prove guilt beyond a reasonable...









									october 25, 2024								
breath tests in court, part v

what to expect at a dwi trial with a breath testa jury trial for a breath test is an opportunity to win a case when the state wasn't willing to offer...












legal strategy
free consultation














							law offices of phillip goff
						

(361) 592-4357(956) 888-7227





south texas criminal defense attorney defending people in cases from felonies to misdemeanors to traffic tickets and commercial drivers in state and federal court.






							office locations
						

principal office
							5151 flynn parkway, ste. 412s
							corpus christi, texas 78411






							other locations
						


								mission
								403 n. conway ave.
								mission, tx 78572
							
101 s. brazil
								ste. a
								los fresnos
								texas 78566
							





practice areas

criminal defense
dwi defense
commercial drivers defense attorney
drug possession
motions to revoke
expunction & expungements







 © 2019-2024 law office of phillip w. goff. all rights reserved. privacy policy





















