


















wellbeing in health & fortune!

social:










home
about
monks
dzi
crystals
contacts





about us




















thai amulets for rent!
a place where you can acquire thai amuletsfor your wellbeing in health & good fortune. be protected and blessed just for you & your family. it is always our motto that your safety comes first rather than being sorry regarding to health & wealth. discover the wonders of thai amulets that are meant for you. it is believed that only fate will bring you together with the right amulet. give yourself a chance to explore a new life ahead with the precious amulet that awaits for you. we are here to help you fulfill your desire.
read more




thai monks


legendary thai monks


a
luang por kasem kemagohluang por kasem kemagoh passed away in be2538 at the age of 83.

luang por kasem was born on wednesday, 28th november be2455 in jangwat lampang...



b
tahn jow koon noh wat tepsirintahwaht passed away on friday 8th january be2514.

jow koon noh was born on saturday, 5th febuary be2440...




c
luang por pahn wat nom koh passed away on 26th july be2481 at the age of 63 years old.

luang por pahn was the 3rd abbot of wat bang nom koh...



d
luang por prom wat chong kae passed away on 30th january be2518 at the age 96 years old.

luang por prom was born in ayutayah province on 20th april be2427...
read more in our blog




famous thai monks




									luang por kasem continue his learning in dhamma and sammahdti practise even when he was the abbot...





									


luang poo yiam was borned in bangkok on the 5th august be2375...





tahn jow koon noh wat tepsirintahwaht was the first batch of students...





luang poo waen wat doi mae pahng passed away peacefully on 2nd july be2528....






luang phor tae was born on 15 september b.e.2434 in moo 4, bahn sahm ngahm noi...








dzi

featured  dzi


6 eye dzi.
many jewels are worn for their medicinal properties. it is said that dzi protects its wearer from strokes and other sicknesses, as well as from evil influences.
read more



9 eye dzi bead.
every dzi bead has its own unique characteristic and provide the wearer's protection. only fate will bring you to possess your own dzi. no two dzi are similiar.
read more



3 eye dzi bead.
dzi beads are attracted to individual through vibration or some might say as six-sense kind of feeling. somehow you will know which one you are meant to possess.
read more



1 eye dzi bead.
what is more important other than your health. truly when it comes to health, it matters more than wealth. health is also your wealth. it is what dzi can do for you.
read more




crystals

our  crystals










why  choose  crystal

healing power with crystals.
crystals had been known to be used for doing healing since century ago. there are many different types of crystals where people used them for healing purposes. it is said that you can use crystals for de-stress, purifying your body, help with your concentration of power and many other purposes you can think of. crystals itself possess energy where it can help you with body energy and eliminate any negativity effects of blockages.

every crystal has its different purposes as some can help to balance individual emotions and enhance your immune systems. it does help with people who need to remove all sorts of negative thoughts and improve their well being. with the right type of crystals used, it also helps to promote inner growth of strength to encourage more positive thinking of inspiration where you can improve your career or business.

how does one choose their crystals? it is basically sort of feeling when you are looking for your personal crystal. it is a sort of attraction kind of feeling and you will know if that is the right one for you. time to get your personal crystal and change your life today.




contacts

contact us
we can be reached at:


8 burn road #08-02/03trivex singapore 369977
e-mail: admin@yain.com












disclaimer

most of the graphic images are made by us and it is copyrighted. we welcome any contributions of electronic materials for this site.

as some of the contents & graphics on this site has been gathered from contributors or mailing lists, and there is no way to validate where they obtained them. if you are the copyright owner of a text posted here, and like it removed or want to change its attribution, please contact us and we will comply promptly to remove it. this site owner holds no copyright on these articles. this site and its proprietor are not responsible for their accuracy, availability, or any copyright or trademark infringement the source of these articles may cause. any trademarked names are used only for identification. for this issue, kindly email us @ administrator.
thank you!

the contributed articles are presented for entertainment and research purposes only, and should not be considered a source of medical or legal information. this site and its proprietor shall not be held responsible for any damages, direct or indirect, caused by the use of the contributed texts.

this site does not guarantee or warrant that these contributed articles are free of defect or factually accurate. should you believe you have discovered a defect in any of the articles, or factual inaccuracies, you are requested to provide information about this to the proprietor of this site. any changes to this site based on this information are made solely at the discretion of the proprietor.

microsoft, windows, ms, internet explorer and the windows logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of microsoft corporation. microsoft corporation in no way endorses or is affiliated with this site. all other trademarks are the sole property of their respective owners.

you accept all risks and responsibility for losses, damages, costs and other consequences resulting directly or indirectly from using this site and any information or material available from it.

to the maximum permitted by law, yain technology excludes all liability to any person arising directly or indirectly from using this site and any information or material available from it.

links are not endorsements

links to and frames of this site are permitted but yain technology reserves the right to prevent linking or framing by giving notice.

links and frames connecting this site with other sites are for convenience only and do not mean that yain technology endorses or approves those other sites, their content or the people who run them.

beware of security risks and computer viruses

the world wide web exists across insecure, public networks and there is a risk that:
transmissions to or from this site may be intercepted and modified by third parties files obtained from or through this site may contain computer viruses or other defects.




read more
our journey started since 1987 and we strive to give the best service attention to all our clients. this site recommends you with the best thai amulets and dzi beads to help those who are truly in need. we strongly believe these thai amulets have the hidden power of supernatural to help when you are truly in need of help. be blessed to all who have possessed our amulets and have wealth, health and good fortune throughout your earthly lives. 
					we believe many of you who had possessed their thai amulets encountered good things in their lives and helped in different ways. if you are one of those who had benefited with thai amulets, do share your
					experience with others in our website so they too can understand and know more about thai amulets. we ourselves had benefited with thai amulets in since our childhood days and have been protected by
					thai amulets ever since. it is never too late to experience the good effect of karma by possessing your own fated amulet. we believe that fate comes when you see & feel good about the amulet you are
					supposed to receive. that is also how we ourselves possess our own fated amulets.



read more
tibetan dzi bead....
many jewels are worn for their medicinal properties. it is said that dzi protects its wearer from strokes and other sicknesses, as well as from evil influences. if, while it is being worn, the bead is in any way damaged or broken, it is taken as a sign that the bead has performed its task and absorbed the shock of the super-natural attack, though the dzi is then rendered useless for any further protection.

the dzi (zee) is a uniquely tibetan stone, an agate of oblong or round shape pierced lengthways. it has a shiny black and white design, characterised by the strong eye pattern, circle and square or double wave. the most valuable dzi were those with three or nine-eyes , the best being those with sharply contrasting patterns, shiny and with a faintly oily surface.
there are many interpretations concerning the dzi 's origin. since they are usually found buried in the ground, it is generally thought that they were made and worn by people in prehistoric or neolithic times. there are more mystical interpretations, some being that the dzi were once worm-like insects which, when frightened, froze and turned to stone. other stories relate how the dzi were once ornaments of the demi-gods who threw away when they became damaged, which accounts for why so few of the beads are in a perfect unblemished state. they were said to appear in miraculous ways, sometimes as presents from local deities to humans who had rendered them service and appearing out of rabbit holes or on bushes which bore them like fruit. the dzi is either worn as a single bead about the neck, mainly for its auspicious or medicinal value, or in a traditional necklace interspersed with coral, pearls, amber or turquoise, or even, if the owner is fortunate to have a collection of dzi , a whole necklace is made from the stones. dzi are also used when applying gold to thankas or writing in gold, to burnish it and bring out the sheen.

precious pills, which contain most of these ingredients, also play an important part in curing many physical disorders. the rinchen ratna samphel, (the precious wish fulfilling jewel), is compared to a precious jewel from the king of medicines. it contains over 100 different ingredients including ngochu tsothel, (a preparation of purified mercury, surplur and sixteen different metals and minerals developed by the thirteenth century tibetan scholar, khedup ugen rinchen pal ), as well as seventy other ingredients such as purified gold, silver, copper, iron, lead and lode-stone. more notably the pill contains gems as coral, turquoise, pearls, lapis, lazuli and dzi . the precious jewels are detoxified and then ground into a fine powder to be mixed with a number of other organic and mineral materials.
	
read more in our blog


read more
temples in thailand....
* 1376. wat tham phab long is the temple where archarn sin buddhajaro resided. a protege of the highly venerated phar archarn man phuritatto, he made pilgrimage to several sites all around the country and undertook profound mediation practices. he also taught morality based on buddhist tenets until his death. tham phab long today remained a popular site for the devouts to mediate as the surroundings are pleasant and suitable for concentration. the temple is located in mae sai district of chiang rai.

* 1377. wat phra that pha ngao, chiang rai, is about 4 kilometers away from the district town of chiang saen. it is a meditation center located in an area of 143 rai. the present vihara has been built over the original one. from the hilltop where the phra borom buddha nimit chedi is sited can be seen a panoramic view of the surroundings.

* 1378. wat pha jom, chiang rai , is located on a hill and used to be the site where phra archarn man phuritatto mediated. within the cave are fascinating stalagmites and stalactites. the atmosphere is highly suitable for meditation.

* 1379. wat phra singh is a major temple in chiang mai where a phra buddha sihing is enshrined. it is traditionally borne in procession around the city on songkran day. originally built in 1345 to enshrine the remains of a royal ruler, today it organizes meditation classes during religious days.

* 1380. wat suan dok of chiang mai was built by king lue na in 1371 as residence for a senior monk. the original site was the royal park of lanna kings. with extensive grounds, it has the largest royal vihara in the north. the principal buddha statue is phra chao kao tue weighing over half a ten. the surroundings are suitable to practice meditation.

* 1381. wat khiriwong is a centre of buddhist propagation in nakhon sawan established by the religious affairs department to promote the study and practice of monks and novices. it is another site suitable to undergo meditation.

* 1382. wat analyo , located on busrakham hill of phayao province is a temple devoted to meditation and named after a revered northeastern monk. the site is adorned with applied ancient northern architectural structures smoothly blending in with the natural surroundings.

* 1383. the dhamma practice facility at susan trailak on the outskirts of lampang features the mondop pavilion of the late and highly venerated luang poh kasem khemko where his figure is enshrined. it is a quiet, serene location suitable for the contemplation of the dhamma.

* 1384. wat phra bhuddha baht tak pha , a little over 6 kilometers from the district town of pasang in lamphun, is said to have been visited by the lord buddha, who dried his robe over a stone cliff, hence the name tak pha, hanging of the laundry. meditation followers can use the area for their pursuit.

* 1385. wat sang krajai is a royal temple west of issaraphab road on the north bank of bangkok yai canal in bangkok. an old temple built in the late ayutthaya period, it was the residence of the late luang pu toh until his death. there are facilities for dharma practice.
read more in our blog







yain technology © since 1997 disclaimer


home
about
thai monks
tibetan dzi
crystals
contacts







