









embry-riddle aeronautical university

































						we use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, personalize content and analyze our traffic. by clicking “ok,” you consent to our use of cookies. privacy statement & gdpr

ok





skip to main content






×
menu




home



degrees & programs



admissions



research



partnerships



about us



leadership



strategic plan






newsroom



ernie



give





daytona beach, fl campus
prescott, az campus
worldwide campus
embry-riddle online
asia campus





connect with us


facebook


x


youtube


linkedin












×
search





search






popular searches


ernie


transcripts


tuition


career services


human resources




our campuses


daytona beach, fl


prescott, az


worldwide


embry-riddle online


asia


europe




degrees & programs


certificate programs


associate's degrees


bachelor's degrees


master's degrees


doctoral degrees


non-degree

















menu



search




 request info
 apply now
 contact us


newsroom
ernie
give


daytona beach, fl campus
prescott, az campus
worldwide campus
embry-riddle online
asia campus









degrees & programs
admissions
research
partnerships
about us
leadership
strategic plan

search








university - embry-riddle aeronautical university

















u.s. news & world report
eagles are at it again. see for yourself!
view our top-10 rankings
















our areas of focus







applied science






aviation






business






computers & technology






engineering






security, intelligence & safety






space

















university news 



more news










										embry-riddle asia celebrates formal grand opening with aerospace safety summit at singapore’s seletar aerospace park
									


embry-riddle aeronautical university, a global leader in aviation and aerospace education, showcased its dedication to advancing aviation and aerospace training, education and safety…

read more







										$16 million, cutting-edge flight training center opens on prescott campus
									


a dramatically modernized and expanded flight training center boasting the latest in simulation technology has made its debut on embry-riddle aeronautical university’s prescott…

read more







										two cybersecurity leaders honored at embry-riddle expert symposium on safeguarding the skies and space
									


brian connolly and paul hoyt nelson have earned aerospace cybersecurity excellence leadership awards, which are presented by embry-riddle aeronautical university to recognize excellence…

read more













explore  your options
				
decide where and how you’ll change the world

our residential campuses located in
daytona beach, florida and
prescott, arizona offer you the choice of a spectacular beach setting or an amazing mountain community.
embry-riddle worldwide & online offer award-winning technology that leverages online and face-to-face instruction through a network of locations designed to support student advancement in the u.s. and abroad.








daytona beach, fl


						the
daytona beach campus is located adjacent to an
international airport, a few miles from the beach, and a short drive to
orlando and
kennedy space center.
					

+






prescott, az


						the
prescott campus is located in the bradshaw mountains of arizona, a short drive to the
grand canyon and the red rocks of sedona, and a day trip to
phoenix or
las vegas.
					

+
















worldwide/online


						embry-riddle
online and 
worldwide offers
online learning and has non-residential campuses in
35 u.s. states and
nine countries around the world.
					

+










				set a
				course  for success
			





						turn your passion into a profession with an embry-riddle education
					


whether you're interested in applied science; aviation; business; computers & technology; engineering; space; or security, intelligence and safety, embry-riddle has a major for you.
we respond to the changing world around us, and our trailblazing degrees let you lead the way.
choose your degree



#1





    first and only undergraduate
    space physics program in the nation
    

    first
    college of business, security and intelligence in the nation
    

    first
    space operations program in the nation
    

    first
    uncrewed and autonomous systems engineering program in the nation
    

    first and only undergraduate
    aerospace physiology degree in the nation
    























learn then earn
you expect results. we deliver them.


				 
embry-riddle graduates go places. they land jobs quickly and become leaders of industry. your degree will get your foot in the door with some of the world’s top employers, and your campus contacts will be there to help along the way.





				 
96 percent of embry-riddle graduates are employed or continuing their education within one year of graduation.
(source: 1-year alumni survey, office of institutional research, december 2024)








				go
				sky-high

your classrooms: the lab, the cockpit, the simulator



at embry-riddle, you'll get hands-on experience from the time you get to campus. explore the skies. develop a rocket launch system. run conflict scenarios in a situation room. design airlines, networks, and fleets to maximize profitability.














							#5
						

aerospace engineering program  among schools whose highest degree is a master’s, according to u.s. news & world report



							154
						

						instructional aircraft in our combined daytona beach and prescott fleet
					


							150
						

						total embry-riddle simulators
					


							10
						

						straight years in top five for online bachelor's programs (u.s. news & world report)
					


							16
						

nifa safecon 
national titles







0



hours
							



as a federal aviation administration-approved school, flight students in designated degree programs need 1,000 hours to become first officers—500 fewer hours than other schools.











					establish lifelong
					connections

classmates today and industry leaders tomorrow

while embry-riddle students represent all 50 states and 148 countries, there is one trait they all share; a determination to succeed. the bonds our students develop last a lifetime. throughout the year, our alumni association works to connect alumni with each other and with hundreds of employers worldwide.





 
 



over

160,000



in ouralumninetwork




over

200



companies,that recruit atembry-riddle’sannual careerexpos




9


alumni whoare current orformerastronauts





40

inches


diameter ofthe mirror on thedaytona beach campus'telescope, the biggestamong universitiesin florida




over
400


clubs,organizations,fraternities andsororities, intramuraland sports teams











					reach new
					heights

be a part of embry-riddle's unparalleled tradition

as the world’s largest and most respected university specializing in aviation and aerospace, embry-riddle has been at the forefront of ground-breaking aeronautical milestones since the early days of flight. with over 160,000 graduates around the globe, embry-riddle is not only leading the future, it is changing it.
visit the university archives to view official historical records

visit our newsroom to read more about our prestigious past and what sets us apart














the embry-riddle company is founded by t. higbee embry and john paul riddle at cincinnati’s lunken airport on dec. 17 – exactly 22 years to the day after the wright brothers’ famed flight at kitty hawk.










										the embry-riddle flying school, which opened in spring 1926, gains attention in 1927 when the school trains student frank shelton to fly solo in only 5 hours, 34 minutes – believed to be the shortest amount of time at that point.
									










										cincinnati becomes one of the nation’s first cities with direct airmail service. the embry-riddle company wins the contract because it had "gained a name for itself through the industry, the quality of its flying school, and the high tone of operations at lunken airport," according to the cincinnati enquirer.
									









after thorough examination by the aeronautics branch of the u.s. department of commerce, embry-riddle’s flying school becomes one of the first five schools in the country to receive an “approved school certificate” under the air commerce act.










										the u.s. government selects the now
										miami-based embry-riddle company to train pilots for the u.s. army air corps, the predecessor to the u.s. air force. by the height of wwii, embry-riddle is the largest privately operated flight school in the world.
									









in the post-war years, the riddle aeronautical institute continues to train pilots but struggles financially until the early 1960s, when increased demand for aviators causes the school to outgrow its miami facilities.









the embry-riddle aeronautical institute, established as a non-profit corporation in 1959, moves from miami to daytona beach, fl, in 1965, in what the school calls “operation bootstrap.”









embry-riddle achieves university status in 1970 and becomes embry-riddle aeronautical university. that same year, the first residence center is established in fort rucker, al, the beginning of embry-riddle’s worldwide campus.  later in the decade, the university opens a residential campus in prescott, az.









with residential campuses now in daytona beach, fl, and prescott, az, tens of thousands of online students, and many worldwide locations around the world, embry-riddle aeronautical university continues to train the world’s best pilots, plus some of the best engineers, mechanics, air traffic controllers, meteorologists, and many others.




  
  















request info


apply now


contact us










				university links 
				





libraries
scholarly commons
research at embry-riddle
faculty directory
course catalog


daytona beach, fl campusprescott, az campusworldwide campusonline campusasia campus


career services
alumni engagement
lift magazine
giving to embry-riddle
crowdfunding
awards and fellowships


daytona beach, fl campusprescott, az campusworldwide campusonline campusasia campus


professional education
k-12 / dual enrollment / summer camps
athletics
speaker series
international education



working at embry-riddle
board of trustees
accreditation
consumer information








erau.edu
				


				admin offices: 1 aerospace boulevarddaytona beach, fl 32114-3900
			

				© embry-riddle aeronautical university. all rights reserved. 
			



sitemap|directory|web feedback 



emergency info|civil rights equity & title ix|military disclaimer|privacy statement & gdpr|terms of use|accessibility 



facebookxyoutubelinkedintiktok 











