



	noland sales corporation | commercial flooring contractor













top


 


home
about us

company overview
caring corner


services

health care
education
corporate
retail/financial
noland sports turf
turf maintenance


showroom

noland sales
noland sports turf


contact us















more than 40 years of flooring experience










                        a full-service floor covering solutions provider.
                    



                        noland sales corporation is a superior, floorcovering contractor that endeavors to provide consistency and quality through experience
						and continuous education; of products, installation, and services, by a staff that is committed to you, the customer.
                    












                        service. quality. personal attention.
                    



                        noland sales corporation was established in 1976 by donald f. chassee. since he retired, we have continued to provide the high
						standards of service, quality and personal attention established by mr. chassee. our diverse service market extends from local,
						to national, as well as international. our alignment with the top flooring manufacturers allows us to provide a comprehensive
						choice of floorcovering designs. all of our installers are hand-picked, licensed, union members. they are continually trained
						with the most current flooring installation techniques.
                    










                        proper installation is a key component for successful floor covering performance.
                    







                        visit our showroom to view our completed projects:
                    


























































noland sales is committed to going green!
    






noland sales has been actively engaged in " going green" by the addition of converting our work space with solar energy as well as working closely with many manufacturers in the supplication of green products using the most current recyclable technologies.
view our energy savings








noland sales corporation

815 mittel drive
wood dale, 
il 
60191


p: 630-787-9500

f: 630-787-9518





quick links
about us
showroom
sds sheets
contact us




manufacturers
atlas mills
bigelow
bentley/prince street
blue ridge
bloomsburg
cambridge
collins & aikman
constantine




 
design weave
dimension
durkan
glen eden
gulistan
interface flooring systems
invision







    copyright © 2025 noland sales corporation. legal & privacy statement.
designed by rhino group





loaded in 10.0058ms | 2/18/2025 3:28:13 pm





