
















the backer






































































the backer



following the 2011 super bowl champions























home


asking vic


packers 2011 regular season schedule
















































































wednesday, september 7, 2011





green bay packers 2011 card stunt





2011 nfl season opener vs the saints promises to be a thriller


step 1. take two of the most prolific offenses in the game today.
step 2. have them square off in one of the most prolific stadiums in the league.
step 3. make sure you have plenty of brats, beer, and hotwings within reaching distance because you won't want to leave your seat.

not only will the game be epic (i'm predicting one of the greatest season openers of all time) but the festivities before and during the game will be outstanding. i'm not wild about the chris rock or lady antebellum stuff - but the packers fans are always great, and this week they will be performing a patriotic american flag themed card stunt for pregame and then later during the game they will be doing a packers themed one during the almighty "go pack go" cheer.



the last time the packers and saints faced off green bay was  embarrased 51-29 by brees and company. fresh off a super bowl win, and eager to get back to business (winning football games) i predict aaron rodgers will have a huge game reminiscent of his late season and post-season hot streak. drew brees threw 22 interceptions last season (second most in the league). i anticipate him maybe throwing one interception - i also believe the packers defense led by dom capers and charles woodson will cause him some fits. the packers defense played pretty vanilla this preseason. i bet they can't wait to open up a can on drew brees and the saints.


my prediction: packers 33 saints 17




posted by
chipster


at
6:17 am


0
comments









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
packers 2011 season










saturday, august 13, 2011





packers o-line concern in preseason loss





the packers fell tonight to the browns 27-17 in an intriguing preseason match up. the browns are a team on the  rise under president mike holmgren - former super bowl winning coach for the green bay packers.

the defending super bowl champions looked a little sluggish on their first series but clicked on their second series as aaron rodgers went 5 for 5 connecting with greg jennings for a 21 yard score.

cleveland managed to present a strong pass rush most of the game. an exciting aspect of the packers offense which was absent last year due to ryan grant's injury was a respectable running game. on rodger's scoring drive james starks was able to gash the brown's defense for some good chunks of yardage opening up the passing game by neutralizing a potent browns pass rush.



james starks picked up where he left off last postseason.

once the first team offense was off the field things seemed to go downhill. matt flynn looked good, but took a few hits and graham harrell spent a good bit of time on the ground being sacked several times.

the packers drafted derek sherrod in hopes of revamping the packers offensive line to keep aaron rodgers on his feet and also to keep aaron rodgers playing in playoff games when he's brett favre's age. hopefully this is just the packers working out the rust or being fatigued from finally visiting president obama and not something that is going to translate into the regular season.

the offensive line has been a problem for the last few seasons, even resulting in a few concussions sustained by aaron rodgers due to heavy pressure.

the fact of the matter is the packers offensive line was a revolving door the second half of the football game.

in all, it was the first preseason game of the year. while there was a great deal of sloppy football going on there are still some big things to be excited about. randall cobb looked great fielding kickoffs from his own endzone. i predict more than one touchdown this year just from cobb's special team's contributions.



every time randall cobb was near the ball i got excited.
cobb also reminded me of a very green donald driver. i foresee randall cobb eventually taking over donald driver's position as the squirrely athlete who goes over the middle and catches everything no matter what... in due time though he had a few drops here and there. every time randall cobb was near the ball i got excited.

safety morgan burnett was also very impressive on a few plays early in the game. it would be nice to see him get on the field after an injury took him out early last season.

going into next week the packers need to work on pass blocking. your quarterback should not be on the ground. not if you want to win.






posted by
the backer


at
11:11 pm


0
comments









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
preseason 2011











home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)











































simple theme. powered by blogger.
























