k-state online













powercat


chevron


double-chevron



chat-purple





home


computer window with a question mark





close


facebook


linkedin


menu


quote


search


twitter


youtube


apply-purple








apply-white








chat-white





request-purple



request-white







jump to main contentjump to footer

kansas state university



connect
canvas
orgcentral
navigate
ksis
hris
webmail



sign in


browse a-z




k-state onlinesearch
search
''''apply nowrequest infoapply nowrequest info
                                            choose from
                                        150+ programswhich program type interests you?associate's degreebachelor's degreedoctoral degreeendorsementgraduate certificatemaster's degreeminorsecondary majorundergraduate certificateselectexplore all programsbest value#1 best tuition value in kansasjob placement97% job placement rateaward-winning facultysame award-winning faculty as on-campus programsexperience50+ years of experience in distance education



student support

dedicated academic advising: meet one-on-one with a coach to help you reach your academic goals.
student access center: arrange for the academic and accessible accommodations you need.
testing: online exams and free online proctoring are available.
technology services: easy-to-use platforms and services ensure you have access to valuable information.
career/personal resources: a variety of resources help you feel supported outside the classroom.
support and resources: students receive the same support and resources as on-campus students.

learn more




paying for school

tuition and fees: determine your tuition using the tuition and fee calculator.
scholarships: scholarships specifically for online students earning undergraduate or graduate degrees are available.
financial aid: see if you’re eligible to receive federal, military or employer financial aid.
payment process: convenient billing and payment options are available, including the tuition installment payment plan (tipp).

learn more





military-inclusive community

application fee waiver: in some cases, application fees may be waived.
priority course enrollment: priority registration is given to military-affiliated students and families who submit appropriate documentation.
military tuition assistance: scholarships and other tuition assistance are offered to qualified members of the armed forces.
military student services coordinator: crucial support services are provided for military-connected students by a dedicated team.
military occupation pathways: credit may be received for certain occupation fields and training.
mycaa scholarships: this program provides tuition assistance to eligible miliary spouses.

learn more




transfer-friendly

transfer credit evaluation: streamlined curriculum guides align the course requirements for a k-state bachelor’s degree with equivalent courses at your institution.
gpa: a 2.0 minimum cumulative gpa is required to transfer coursework.

get started


why learnonline?k-state has been a blessing. the flexibility of k-state online really allowed me to fulfill my goal. everything i studied online lent itself to what i was physically doing with the students in the field in the community. it really developed my ability to serve more youth. amanda frey, ‘17 family and community services master’sread moreto have a support system of teachers and advisors who are willing to reach out, whose goal is to see you graduate — that’s a big deal. you’re able to personalize your schedule around daily life. you choose your pace to balance work, life and school.martha hunt, ‘19 food science master’sread more


 chat with us
        


apply-white








chat-white





request-white



how to applyrequest infochat with usquestions? ask us!kansas state universitymanhattan, ks 66506785-532-1521 | online@k-state.edu





contact us


emergency


statements and disclosures


accessibility





kbor free expression statement




© kansas state university


updated






updated: 8/14/24

