










stock and delivery of lubricants in bulk or refinery packaged containers






























































products

motor oils
anti-freeze
lubricants
automotive specialties
specialty items
industrial lubricants
def (diesel exhaust fluid)


services

map directory


data sheets

product information


resources
about
contact
 





select page


  
 



 



 












delivering quality since 1924
discover the deckman difference.

learn more





3






our products











motor oils




antifreeze




lubricants






automotive specialties




specialty items




industrial lubricants








search for:
















sign-up!(deckman oil newsletter)
click the link below

subscribe!



def(diesel exhaust fluid)
bulk drums and packages def dispensing equipment
learn more!







brands offered
























































qualityproudly serving rochester, buffalo, syracuse, and the fingerlakes with the highest quality oil products and services for over 90 years. we deliver bulk oil and specialty products, as well as facilitate oil sampling and marketing support to help you protect and grow your business.
learn more



lubricantsyou need the right product, at the right time, for the right application… and we’ve got it! we are a full-line distributor of kendall, phillips 66, petro-canada, penn grade and penn grade 1, da lubricants, lubriplate, alemite equipment, our exclusive private label blue ribbon.
learn more



since 1924at deckman oil company, our staff consists of individuals with expertise that extends end-to-end across the entire lubrication industry spectrum. this broad base of knowledge and years of experience offers your business the professionalism it requires to exceed your needs, both now, and in the future.
learn more



 







deckman oil company 9 norton street
honeoye falls, ny 14472
toll free: (800) 836-0562
ph: 585-624-1630
fx: 585-624-2142



first name last name email*

captcha
  












 






facebook




linkedin


 © 2025 by deckman oil
 

 
 
 
































