


motel de moka














mdm new address
(electric bungaloo)
dadanois
bf
mia
about/contact



11.11.06



	 
	 there's ufo's over new york and i ain't too surprised
	 
    


we're successfully inside dreamhost plan now so that means that this may be one of the last posts inside this motel's address. over the weekend i shall remain home for the most part hopefully aided by ex-contributor issa and local friend annie working on the new site. according to issa new site could very well be complete before tuesday... i have finished mailing all of our kind donators today so if you check your mailbox and there's still nothing  from me please check your spam or mail me at motelmoka(at)gmail.com.here's 4four songs for the weekend, enjoy:der schmeisser - kleines bongo maedchen(hueftgold ep, 2004)the octopus project + black moth super rainbow - lollipopsichord(the house of  apples & eyeballs, 2006)klaxons - gravity's rainbow (van she remix)(gravity's rainbow single, 2005)loveninjas - i wanna be like johnny c(i wanna be like johnny c, 2006)note: links from last days hosted by enfiltro will all be erased by tomorrow. get them while it lasts :]image: matei apostolescu



posted by moka @ 10:26 am  
    	
         23 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    




9.11.06



	 
	 fund-drive is over!
	 
    


i am speechless.thank you so, so much. i was honestly expecting to have a pair of weeks before we reached our goal and i'm having trouble getting over the response to our brief fundraising drive. thank you, thank you, thank you. your generosity is overwhelming. you have funded the motel for a whole year in just a week! yay!this week i've been very busy with exams and final projects but as i catch up with things in here i will be writing back to all those who contributed to please everyone of their requests. we will also start changing home over the weekend so stay with us and pardon the upcoming mess while we do so. there's some really good things coming up.and here's a little song for you:the aliens - the happy songimage: "truth wanders alone" by andy kehoe.



posted by moka @ 3:03 pm  
    	
         7 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    







	 
	 2 a.m. late hour entry note. (fund drive no.3)
	 
    


   "tracing lover's skin "the inner banks - siberiarachel's - last things last mono - halcyon (beautiful days)landing - hold me under (info)lumen - viii302 acid - quest jane - berserkernote:it's a deep night list,no vocal/post-rockfund drive is over. thank you everybody. moka will post a closing note.see also: acc wed no.38 image: click icon



posted by anonymous @ 1:51 am  
    	
         9 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    




7.11.06



	 
	 the swimming santa post
	 
    


 ...whew quick update just to freshen up. the fund drive is still on. click here. we are almost there. 81%. we might be able to finish it by early nextweek and possibly makes moka worried about moving to new server before christmast.in the meantime things to chat about:- what do you want in the new place?- mdm will hold on to no ads policy. this mean we only need to answer our music selection to ourselves and you, dear readers. (okay this one might not apply very well with me :d)- what do you thik mp3 blog should be about? what sort of program do you want people to do.now granted, all this may seem like falling into deaf ears, but we'll try.playlist: cabaret funk bop mix. almost all tracks are repost, but i am in a hurry. bigger list coming up, in the meantime, something bright and fun to listen to." show me your heart "adventure time - we agree it's grand christina rosenvinge - a liar to lovedeerhoof - desapareceréneed new body - tittiepopneed new body - show me your heart note: don't forget to vote today ya'll.image: raiden256



posted by anonymous @ 10:45 am  
    	
         8 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    




5.11.06



	 
	 the result of unknown cerebral tumors and black masses, provoked by deep urban inhaling.
	 
    


this night the monkey died. his skeleton has gone gangrenous with a toxicity that swells the night with green foam and odd light. join the fray and tangle.trentemoller - take me into your skin(the last resort, 2006) m. craft - you are the music (playground dub)(unreleased, 2006)low - monkey (bob mould remix)(tonight the monkeys die ep, 2006)midnight juggernauts - tombstone(secrets of the universe, 2006)we are wolves - vosotros, monstruos(non-stop je te plie en deux, 2005)the motel de moka fund drive is almost half it's goal. we're all very thankful and i will be soon emailing personally each one of the donators for hugs and kisses. if you too wish to make a donation please visit our donate page. thank you, once again.image: my current favorite, moira hahn. marvellous mixture of japanese pop culture with 17th century ukiyo-e. behold the truth that everything that is not tradition is plagarism.



posted by moka @ 12:10 am  
    	
         10 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    




4.11.06



	 
	 it was the golden age. $48.37 (fund drive no.2)
	 
    


 fund drive month continues. first of all thank you everybody who has donated, i am sure moka is busy building the personalised playlist by now. (haa haa ..., have fun moka.)back to business. i think it would be fun as a historical note to see what certain amount of donation can buy in term of consumer electronic gadget. for $48.37, people could by the first transistor radio, tr-1. it was actually listed at $49.95 and at today's dollar would be around $395."consumer reports had a one-page review in april, 1955 (p.171). in using phrases such as "toy-like novelty" and "has made use of the transistor's small size, but...offers no other advantages" in comparing it to tube sets, they rain on an otherwise revolutionary parade. their comparison of two transistor and one hybrid (a transistor and tube combination) radios in july, 1955 (p.305) panned the tr-1 again. most listeners would probably agree that the also-ran raytheon 8-tp (at a whopping $79.95, approximately $550 today) sounded better. with 8 transistors and a larger speaker, it should, and did. but the smaller form factor of radios like the tr-1 was irresistable, and would be here to stay. in time, small radios would supply much of the performance of the larger sets, at least in terms of sensitivity and selectivity, although they would almost always compromise tone quality. another review, somewhat more favorable, appeared in the same month in consumers' research bulletin (july, 1955, p.29). " (more)playlist: something upbeat and fun for weekend morning, mostly courtesy midheaven mailorder site. i made this list for small speaker, so might sounds not as smooth on headphones. but hey... i'll make headphone list, next, once there is enough money to write a story about expensive headphone. :p so don't forget to donate people, things ar going fast. click donate page here."weekend morning. it was the golden age"damon & naomi - the robot speakshelms - the kindness of automatic doorsvert - velocityantarctica absence - absence+/- {plus/minus} - let's build a firedaedelus - sundownlavender diamond - you broke my heartsee also: history of transistor radio at wiki.image credit: sr



posted by anonymous @ 11:04 am  
    	
         9 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    




2.11.06



	 
	 invocation and ritual dance of the young pumpkin
	 
    


first of all i wish to thank reader oscar for allowing us to host our files for a temporary time while we're homeless. as this is a loan and i'm very afraid of exhausting oscar's bandwith i need to ask of you readers not to hotlink the files on other page and download the files without streaming. oscar writes some excellent podcasts on the alt stream radio, enfiltro. y sigo dandote las gracias, oscar.  a mixture of folk tingled songs, some old/new, released/unreleased records. i'm specially fond and deeply recommend the benoit pioulard and dosh which have been spinning all last month on my stereo and the unmastered song of which seems like a brilliant follow-up album by paul duncan. and oi! aaron coleman wrote some great reviews with podcast included at almostcool for both pioulard and dosh albums, read & listen here and here.it's that time of the year - happy samhain and day of the dead kids.van dyke parks - van dyke parks(song cycle, 1968)voices of the seven woods - an hour before dawn(twisted nerve 7", 2006)eric bachmann - carrboro woman(to the races, 2006)benoit pioulard - patter(precis, 2006)dosh - um, circles & squares (feat. andrew bird)(the lost take, 2006)various - fly(the world is gone, 2006)midwinter - the waters of sweet sorrow(midwinter - 1973)larkin grimm - the last tree(the last tree, 2006)paul duncan - red eagle(unreleased, 2006?)lesley duncan - love song(sing children sing, 1971)thank you so much for the donations we've received so far. if you wish to contribute and help us keep the motel alive please visit the fund drive page here. thanks everyone for the support, it means so much. 



posted by moka @ 2:03 pm  
    	
         28 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    







	 
	 woo hoo, $2!
	 
    


i'll make a quick temporary note for fund drive. (no pix. blogger is down again. will make nicer faq soon.) - mdm crews did shell out money on 2 ezarchive accounts. they are useless now.- mdm bandwith consumption is pretty big. it definitely need something in the range of 1.5tb for regular serving, and more for future projects (unlimited). if anybody know reliable host offering cheaper price, drop an email.- mdm plans/waits for inspiration to create more fun blog stuff. movie, place for new indie bands, etc. but these definitely need host- blogger.com is getting really fubar.- no, none of us can spring that much money on our own. and currently there are 4 active posters. (would you ask sweet kahlo to shell out money? of course not.)- there are big advantage of keeping mdm free of ad. we will try to do without ads if possible. hence fund drive.cheers.squashed.



posted by anonymous @ 10:23 am  
    	
         2 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    




1.11.06



	 
	 domino coolin mix.13 (fund drive no.1)
	 
    


     "idm-near house, climbing tempo"01. solo andata - sukieneice (web)02. björk - odd duck03. sheveks masada - infiltrated (web)04. kettel - loveboat (edit by palle)05. faux pas - hermann's hermans (web)06. thunderball - domino coolin mix.13 (web)hello everybody,mdm is doing fund drives so it can have new home, paying for annual contract.the drive page is here. we are tryng to rais $260 for 2 years contract.the break down:annual website & mp3 hosting costs: $240paypal fees: $20making moka smile: $0making kahlo say hi: $0stop squashed from making annoying posts: $0 (<---hey...! :p)---------------------- total: $260spread the word or click on the donate button, every little bit help. in the meantime, mdm will rolls on. i'll post fun stuff while we do fund drive.lot's of love,sq.see also: moka's announcement.image credit: tamjpn



posted by anonymous @ 8:10 pm  
    	
         4 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    







	 
	 motel de moka funding drive
	 
    


dear readers,motel de moka is currently homeless and we need your help to raise money to pay the hosting bills for our new home. we'd pay them ourselves, but we just can't do it, so we're turning to you.  for the whole details please visit the  motel de moka funding drive page.also please know that every cent or dollar you donate is useful and every comment left on the blog, email or kind words are all truly appreciated. we are all dedicated music lovers that work hard to please you at the motel and will continue doing it gladly as long as you want us. we exist because of you.thanks,moka. motel de moka funding drive page.queridos lectores,el motel de moka se encuentra sin hogar y necesitamos su ayuda para pagar las cuentas de los servidores de nuestro nuevo hogar. no tenemos el dinero suficiente para pagarlos por nosotros mismos y estamos recurriendo a ustedes. para mas informacion  por favor diriganse a la pagina de donativos del motel de moka. (disculpen la inconveniencia de que la pagina esta escrita en ingles).sepan que cada centavo o dolar que puedan donar es de mucha ayuda y que cada comentario, email o palabras que nos dirigen son muy apreciadas. todos somos dedicados amantes de la musica y si ustedes nos lo permiten seguiremos aqui complaciendolos dia tras dia en el motel. el motel existe por ustedes.muchas gracias,moka.la pagina de donativos del motel de moka.



posted by moka @ 7:57 pm  
    	
         1 comments -  
          
         visit mdm new home.
                  

      
 
    






welcome. all mp3's are up for promotional purposes only, and remain on the site for short periods. this site is meant to provide good music for those willing to find it. if you'd like your music up here or if you're a featured artist and would like your songs removed, please contact us at motelmoka[at]gmail.com or 
my space.
feed: rss feed, atom,  lj feed






technorati search



this blog
 all blogs






yey! we now have a forum: free pony theory

staff

moka
kahlo
crish & oum
like a eagle
squashed
gil
carl kruger
berberecho
lotus over water
makrugaik

mp3 blogs

3hive
gabba
rbally
on-off
tmwsiy
disquiet
earfarm
fluxblog
foeweel
getecho
kid vinyl
aurgasm
hello gina
bumrocks
stereogum
funtime ok
mp3hugger
polloxniner
music is art
goth robot
cult 2 vader
a best truth
sabas judas
moistworks
lovely party
clever titles
totally fuzzy
undomondo
womenfolk
black balloon
la blogoteque
chromewaves
gorilla vs bear
post punk junk
berkeley place
dilated choonz
comfort music
moroccan role
the air strange
muzzle of bees
shake your fist
bows + arrows
stuart staples
dans mon café
brooklyn vegan
everything is fire
are you familiar?
everything is fire
20jazzfunkgreats
for the eardrums
best foot forward
a dangerous blog
bricolage fantasy
palms out sounds
warped magazine
indie for dummies
mars needs guitars
songs to the sirens
regnyouth archives
ready rock moe rex
take your medicine
feed me good tunes
un violon, un jambon
my old kentucky blog
said the gramophone
house of leaf and lime
an aquarium drunkard
bushwick is beautiful
silence is a rhythm too
microphones in the trees
the ghost in the machine
an idiot's guide to dreaming
something less than intended
can u see the sunset from the southside?

mp3 aggregators:

staff links
kahlo:

dadanoias
ternura porno
las mujeres impares
flickr dadanoias
youtube dadanoias

crish & oum:

spirited radio
kjhk lawrence

like a eagle:

placetapes
hometapes
sarah's photos
something less than intended

squashed:

bricolage fantasy
songs to the sirens
skylab now

gil:

chingaquedo
taking the brim_took the broom

carl kruger:

carl kruger

berberecho:

berberecho productions

blogs de ilustración y diseño

las mujeres impares
maxiluchini
gustavo roldan
javier olivares
oscar grillo
mi bulin
fabio zimbres
albur art
sergio langer
vasava
dr. alderete
jose quintero
tim biskup
pandoracomplexa
miguel porto
subterra
isol
diego bianchi
sergio mora
nikol
liniers
dibujador
sergio aquindo
grandes éxitos
alina chau
semejanzas
otros blogs y recomendaciones

aka:raff
mi linkito
folk texts
wimbledon
morrigangel
almost cool
top photo blog
licon architect
en las neuronas
sonidos en el aire
the story of the eye
seven dada manifestos
a barriga de um arquitecto
the fantastic in art and fiction
monorama: la bitacora de bef
selector de frecuencias
divinos pecaditos
sacred texts
little radio

podcasts + streams

zerinnerung
arte sonoro
spartacus
beats in space
take your medicine
function!
indie soul
sigtronica
surgery radio
mlik podcasts
comfort radio (windows media)
comfort radio (winamp/itunes)
kjhk (tune in sundays 2-4 pm for crish and oum's radio show)

recent posts

there's ufo's over new york and i ain't too surprised
fund-drive is over!
2 a.m. late hour entry note. (fund drive no.3)
the swimming santa post
the result of unknown cerebral tumors and black ma...
it was the golden age. $48.37 (fund drive no.2)
invocation and ritual dance of the young pumpkin
woo hoo, $2!
domino coolin mix.13 (fund drive no.1)
motel de moka funding drive

archives

09.2005
10.2005
11.2005
12.2005
01.2006
02.2006
03.2006
04.2006
05.2006
06.2006
07.2006
08.2006
09.2006
10.2006
11.2006





















 





+img > moka
+css > issa

http://mookamotel.blogspot.com @ 2005




