











computer science | ndsu








skip to main navigation


skip to page content










student focused

land grant

research university




search term

submit




show search









computer science

mobile menu




aboutcs newsspeakersseminarsemploymentcontact cscurrent studentsundergraduate programsgraduate programsstackable certificatesclass schedulesbison advisecourse descriptionsstudent organizationscapstone programresearch experience for undergraduates (reu) programscholarshipsformssoftware toolsfuture studentspeoplefacultystaffemeritus/retiredin memoriamrelatedinstitute for cyber security education and researchsupport cs




















offering the most comprehensive and varied computer science program in the region.
apply now







				recent news from the department
			







linkedin
				






youtube
				





facebook
				







				simone ludwig, professor and department chair
			
								meet the department: simone ludwig
							

				ndsu computer science faculty and students publish research in ieee access
			
						dr. muhammad zubair malik
					01/07/2025 the department of computer science at north dakota state university is pleased to share a new research article published in the ieee access journal. the article, titled "quim-rag: advancing retrieval-augmented generation with inverted question matching for enhanced qa performance", highlights collaborative work by ndsu researchers and alumni.the research was led by binita saha, a ph.d. candidate in computer science at ndsu, under the guidance of dr. muhammad zubair malik, professor in the department of computer science. co-author utsha saha, a former computer science graduate from ndsu, now works at the university as a software engineer.congratulations to binita, dr. malik, and utsha on this accomplishment! for more details, read the full article on ieee access: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10781379.

				ndsu spotlights simone ludwig, professor and chair of the department
			11/18/2024 simone ludwig is passionate about the rapidly evolving software industry and ensuring students are provided the skills they need to enter an in-demand career. that passion is noticeable to faculty in the department, the college of engineering, as well as students who have had ludwig as a professor.the path to teaching wasn’t straightforward for ludwig. after earning a bachelor’s in engineering, she worked as a software developer for several years. ludwig’s desire for learning and research prompted her to earn master’s and doctorate degrees in computer science. pursuing a career in teaching afterwards was a path she has enjoyed taking. “i really wanted to become a faculty member because i think it’s nice that you can teach students and we all learn. i really like this aspect of forever learning,” ludwig said. “and then i love doing research, too, and there is this opportunity to continue doing research.”in her 15th year of teaching at ndsu, ludwig said the most rewarding part of her job is engaging with students in the classroom. read more



				valley news live features computer doctoral students work using ai for dementia care
			02/13/2025 fargo, n.d. (valley news live) - a group of doctoral students at north dakota state university are looking to change the future for caregivers of alzheimer’s patients. it’s a website called adqueryaid.it’s been a phd project in the works since 2020. think of it as a virtual friend helping you navigate taking care of those with alzheimer’s. an idea stemmed from social media comments.“from those studies, we found out that when somebody is suffering with alzheimer’s, it’s not the patient that is suffering it’s also the caregivers that are suffering. from that, it motivated us to design a system not only for alzheimer’s patients but also the caregivers,” said word ul hasan, the head researcher of the project.funds for it came from several grants. those behind the project describe it as a way for those in the healthcare field to get answers immediately. the answers come from official alzheimer’s websites. watch full story

				byte-le royale 2025 winners announced
			02/13/2025 the theme of this year’s byte-le royale, hosted by the ndsu student chapter of the association for computing machinery (acm) provided a unique spin by incorporating rpg elements into a coding competition! this year's game, commander clash, gave competitors a comprehensive list of 6 unique leaders and 3 generic characters containing their stats and movesets. by choosing one leader and two generic characters, competitors were tasked to draft the perfect team to fight against other competitors. those with good team compositions, strategies, and synergy were bound to have success!the team of kyle vogel, joseph melancon, and jonah stroup (of team ofastbear, und) took first place; nicholas althoff  (of team wah, ndsu) took second; and the team of jason dexter, nicholas lobao, and johnny caulder (und) took third.the acm has been hosting the event since 2018 with the initial computational infrastructure built by computer science alum jordan goetze. the competition is a very well kept secret each year, which means that the objective and structure of the each year’s game are not revealed until the day of the event. you can learn more about the competition, including previous gameplay at the acm website.
  


 read more news from the department...


have a news item you would like to share? help us get the word out by submitting it as a breakthrough alert. this online form is an easy, step-by-step guide that will walk you through the process. for more information contact kathleen.t.cox@ndsu.edu.



  

				cs alum kaylee swenson, talks about her ndsu experience
			
								cs alum kaylee swenson
							













 






last updated: thursday, february 13, 2025 3:49:53 pm











1340 administration ave., fargo, nd 58102
              mailing address: po box 6050, fargo, nd 58108-6050

about ndsu

 



a-z index
apply for admission
academic programs
accreditation
bison athletics
campus map
consumer information
employment
equity
inclusion
net price calculator
one stop
outreach (university-wide)
research and creative activity
university policies
visit ndsu





north dakota state university is an equal opportunity, affirmative action institution.
      contact ndsu at (701) 231-8011
privacy statement










top of page







