








nevada community foundation - a clear and tailored path to philanthropy


























































 skip to main content
skip to footer
aboutvision & approachmeet the teamour teamour board of directorsour philanthropic advisory council (pac)reviewsfinancialsfaqsnewscontact

search


faqsdonor portalopen a fund702.892.2326individuals & family givingindividuals & family givingtypes of fundsbenefits of a charitable fundgive complex assetsour financial advisor programcontribute to your fundscorporate givingcorporate givingtypes of fundsbenefits of a charitable fundstrategic planningprofessional advisorsprofessional advisorsfor financial advisorsfor cpasfor attorneystypes of fundsgift calculatornonprofitslaunch your nonprofitwhy start a nonprofit with ncf?types of fiscal partnershipsways to partner with ncfour customized servicenevada community foundationreimagine your impact on the communityyour path to a lasting legacy and charitable impactnevada community foundation’s (ncf) mission is to provide you with a clear and tailored path to philanthropy. we work with you to understand your definition of philanthropic success.
ncf helps you reimagine your impact on the community through philanthropic alpha – moving beyond traditional grant-making and transactional philanthropy to maximize impact by engaging in innovative and collaborative community investments.
we steward our donors’ charitable giving, now and for generations to come, and provide leadership, vision, and impactful community investment in their name, in perpetuity.
currently, the ncf houses more than 150 charitable funds with $200 million in assets and meets all national standards of accreditation from the council on foundations.
open a fundopen a fundour history and todaynevada community foundation (ncf) was incorporated in 1989 with a $1 million endowed gift from moe dalitz. in the last twelve years, ncf has grown from $15 million in asset size to $300 million. 
since inception, ncf donors have given more than $200 million to causes they care about in nevada and beyond.
today, nevada community foundation:

manages more than $300 million in assets.
houses more than 170 charitable funds established by individuals, families, and businesses to support the charitable causes that are important to them.
has provided nearly $110 million in grants since its inception.
is one of the 100 largest community foundations in the country.
meets all the national standards of accreditation from the council on foundations.
is ranked by charity navigator as a 100% four star charity.

by partnering with ncf, donors enjoy the simplicity and tax advantages of a public charity combined with the personal recognition, involvement, and flexibility of a private foundation. 
they also gain access to the highest level of strategic thinking to meet their communities’ challenges and achieve their philanthropic goals.
a few of the many funds we are proud to work with:nevada women’s philanthropynevada women’s philanthropy (nwp) is a member-driven, pooled-fund, large-impact grant-making organization established to address the…
read moreregional young women’s leadership expothe regional young women’s leadership expo (the expo) is an annual event designed to ignite…
read moregovernor’s task forcethe nevada covid-19 task force was created in march 2020 to create a pathway for…
read moreaccelerate nevadaa research and public policy institute housed at ncf, with the specific mission to advance…
read moreesperanza fundthe esperanza fund was created in late 2020 to bring hope to a community in…
read more
“i’ve had occasion to work with the team at ncf up close and personal.  they are consummate professionals, dedicated to serving their donors and the southern nevada community.”

 phil satre, chairman of the board of wynn resorts, ltd.


“by engaging nevada community foundation in the early stages of the pandemic, the nevada covid-19 response, relief and recovery task force was able to focus our efforts on the important work of providing ppe to our front-line healthcare workers and building support structures around the most vulnerable members of our community, easing the strain on nevadans and our medical community.”

jim murren, former ceo of mgm resorts international


i reach out to ncf and gian brosco when i have clients who are charitably inclined. they educate me around the different options available to my clients (even if it’s not with ncf). they do it quickly. and they do it in a way that makes me look good in front of my clients. gian and the team at ncf consistently add value to my client relationships and to my practice.

daniel g. anderson, fwd executive director morgan stanley


the work of the world boxing council (wbc) is international in scope. we support fighters and families from every corner of the boxing community. to do so, we need a team that is flexible, fast and easy to work with. jane ramos and the team at ncf are critical to our ability to fulfill our mission. they are a pleasure to partner with in this important work!

mauricio sulaimán saldívar, wbc president cdmx, méxico


fiscal probity is a hallmark of nevada women’s philanthropy (nwp) so the ability to operate a full-scale operation involving over one hundred members responsibly and efficiently is critical to the success of our mission. since 2006, ncf has been our strategic partner, aligned closely with our day-to-day operations, servicing our administrative needs, and assisting in managing our many accounts. our partnership is one of great success and we are sincerely grateful.

heather duboe, co-founder nevada women’s philanthropy


ncf makes sure my grants are being used the way we intended by the charitable organizations we support.  moreover, they look for ways to increase the impact of our giving at every opportunity.  finally, we have peace of mind knowing that the community foundation is there to steward our children’s philanthropy and protect our family’s charitable legacy long after we’re gone.

duncan and irene lee


as a former estate planning attorney, himself, gian brosco (ceo of ncf) “gets it”.  he and the team at ncf are responsive, flexible and professional.  whenever i introduce them to a client, they add value to the relationship and serve as a great partner and resource for my practice.

geri tomich, esquire shareholder, marquis aurbach

have questions about philanthropy? contact us today!contact usindividuals & family givingcorporate givingprofessional advisorsnonprofitsaboutnewscontactfaqs

search


open a funddonatenevada community foundation
1980 festival plaza drive, ste. 300
las vegas, nv 89135
(one summerlin building located in downtown summerlin)

702.892.2326ncfsupport@nevadacf.org
keep me informed

name(required)


first



last

email(required)

phonethis site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.
  















©2025 nevada community foundation. all rights reserved. disclaimers, privacy policy
nevada community foundation (ncf) is deeply committed to protecting our donors’ privacy.  we do not disclose any information about our donors to third parties unless required by law or with the express consent of the donor.



























