















department of history | villanova university
























skip to main content









visit / apply / give










x


visit / apply / give









main menu






about


university leadership


mission & ministry


diversity, equity and inclusion


fast facts




admissions


undergraduate


graduate and adult


law


financial aid




academics


why villanova


teacher-scholars


schools & colleges


institutes & centers


honors


education abroad


academic programs


academic calendar




research


research at villanova


center for research & fellowships


villanova institute for research & scholarship


research administration




libraries


falvey library


law library




campus life


student life


dining services


residence life


bookstore


public safety


health services


fitness & recreation




athletics


alumni


a powerful network


support villanova









in this sectionacademic programsadmissionsthe villanova experiencefaculty research & scholarshipabout the college




events

















x

search vu



















college of liberal arts and sciences
























college of liberal arts and sciences / academic programs / department of history













department of history









history at villanova teaches students to use a variety of sources—texts, data, visual and material culture—to explore the past and become their own historians.
the history department offers an undergraduate major and minor in history and art history, as well as a master's degree and graduate certificates in history. history seeks to understand and to explain the story of human experience, since the past provides the only laboratory of human experience actually lived. it is the story of individuals, the story of individuals in society, and the story of the political, religious, economic, and social ideologies and institutions they create in their search for identity, purpose, and value. history recognizes both the commonality of the human experience and the reality of cultural, class, racial, and gender distinctions that enrich that experience.
one of the department's greatest strengths is its diversity. we offer more than 30 different courses each semester that cover a wide range of cultures, periods and themes, reflecting the diverse backgrounds, perspectives and interests of the faculty. history students at villanova learn how to conduct research, think critically, and work independently and in groups. the history department also offers a variety of paid internships and financial support for research and presentations at conferences.









					  about us 








guiding principles


careers and history alumni


faculty and staff


research and scholarship


signature events


awards













					  undergraduate programs 








undergraduate history program


undergraduate art history program













					  graduate programs 








graduate history program


ma in history


certificates













					  contact us 





st. augustine center
room 403
800 e lancaster avenue
villanova, pa 19085


phone: 610.519.4662







 follow the history department














                    calendar of events
            





                    internship opportunites
            







lepage center  
opened in 2017, the albert lepage center for history in the public interest is founded on the belief that historical scholarship and historical perspective, when brought to bear on contemporary global issues, can help us make better decisions and create a better society.



		  explore more  





















news & events










tolle lege award for distinguished teaching


							  maghan keita, phd, received the 2021 college of liberal arts and sciences tolle lege award for distinguished teaching. dr. keita is the founder of the african studies program and global interdisciplinary studies. during his 32 years at villanova, dr. keita has built a large following among our students by offering challenging and innovative courses that demonstrate the central role that africa has played in world history. 

							  
							      more...

 












 



"last seen" tells stories of families separated by slavery


							  judith giesberg, phd, heads the “last seen” project housed in the department of history. “last seen” is recovering the stories of families separated in the domestic slave trade. users can search thousands of information wanted ads taken out by former slaves to look for their ancestors. 

							  
							      more...

 












 



graduate students curate art gallery exhibit


							  under the direction of associate professor whitney martinko, phd, graduate students curated dox thrash: painted, not printed, in the villanova university art gallery. the exhibit presents a new view of dox thrash, a black artist working in philadelphia in the mid-20th century.
							  
							      more...

 












 



the rooted project


							  the rooted project aims to explore villanova university’s past to come to terms with histories of slavery, segregation, institutionalized racism, and gender and religious prejudice. since 2020, a team of researchers has been working to produce a history of villanova that situates the university’s founding in fact, that recognizes the significance of diverse nineteenth- and twentieth-century people to the university’s success, and that considers the consequences of university decisions on communities of color and other marginalized groups.

							  
							      more...

 












 






















                    support the department
            













education with impact


 
an education in the liberal arts and sciences promotes intellectual curiosity and rigor; instills the fundamentals of critical insight, mature judgment and independent thinking; and strengthens students’ sense of their moral responsibility for others and for the betterment of society.





























connect with vu














  800 e. lancaster ave. villanova, pa 19085
			
 contact us 610-519-4500





quick links

privacy & security
notice of non-discrimination
higher education act
accessibility
my nova
directory
work at villanova


©1990 -  villanova university. all rights reserved.
					













