
























historic hotel nichols | boutique hotel downtown south haven, mi

























































hotel nichols
south haven, mi
aboutrooms & suitescontactbook

historic hotel nichols facebook
historic hotel nichols instagram







visit our historic hotel nichols
just steps from the harbor in downtown south haven, michigan.
         









stay in the heart of town
the hotel itself is an architectural masterpiece with lots of historic elegance and style. you will find a seasonal breakfast (memorial day through labor day), helpful staff, and a beautiful outdoor veranda filled with seasonal flowers.

about us
view rooms





















area events
south haven ice rink
jan 16 – mar 2 next to dyckman park, under the huron street pavilion, is the south haven ice rink. super cute and cozy setting. afterward sit by the fireplace in the park to warm up. lovely small town winter fun. skate rental – $6 skate admission – $6 season admission pass – $70 download… 






testimonials



”
incredible value for what this place is, and the vibes couldn’t be cozier. we got a coupon for the tavern across the street and a delicious breakfast in the lobby in the morning.romantic, quiet, great value

— nicholas, jan 2025





”
the hotel is historical but has been updated, and it has a great morning breakfast, which is included. the staff was excellent and very accommodating. excellent hotel in the best location in south haven. the rooms are great, unique, historic, clean, comfortable. you can choose the specific room you’d like based on availability on their website. all the staff were very hospital and friendly- we stayed during the off season and still were served made-to-order breakfast every morning that was delicious! happy hour was offered as well in the evenings on the weekends. the general atmosphere of the hotel is truly great and exactly what we were looking for. so much charm and uniqueness- we will definitely be back to stay here!

— mark, nov 2024





”
never had a south haven experience before, and this spot put us right in the center of it all. the port/”popeye village” as our family grew to call it, was right across the street, the art fair and boat museum was just across the bridge in the park, the rocket arcade was another direction, and the south pier was straight the other way. what a great weekend at the best version of what you expect from a “historic hotel”. read more… great stay. thank you.

— chad, sept 2024












tripadvisor travelers’ choice 2022
a unique boutique hotel
come experience our charming historic hotel nichols. the location is great. the building is excellent. the service is extraordinary.


view rooms













aboutrooms & suitescontactbook


hotel nichols
south haven, mi

(269) 872-3943thehotelnichols@gmail.com201 center street, south haven, mi 49090
sign up for our enewsletter


hotel nichols facebook link
instagram


copyright © 2025


 hhn | site: i-cweb















