




personalised funeral services across australia | white lady funerals


























 

























                menu
            






planning a funeral

back



                plan a funeral now
              



                pre-plan a funeral
              



                religious & cultural services
              






pricing



locations

back



                australian capital territory
              

back



                belconnen
              



                kingston
              



                greenway
              






                new south wales
              

back



                sydney
              



                central coast
              



                newcastle
              



                northern rivers
              



                wollongong
              






                queensland
              

back



                brisbane
              



                gold coast
              



                sunshine coast
              



                far north queensland
              






                south australia
              

back



                black forest
              



                glenside
              



                hillcrest
              



                semaphore
              






                victoria
              

back



                melbourne
              



                mornington peninsula
              






                western australia
              






help



upcoming funerals



about us

back



                about us
              



                join our team
              






contact




















                        1300 656 550
                    

















close








where are you planning to have the funeral?





for accurate pricing, please let us know where you would like to have the funeral.





suburb or postcode


please enter a valid suburb or postcode.
















                    unfortunately we don’t service this location.                     call 1300 556 222 to speak to our team about some other options.
                







                     changing your branch may impact package pricing and inclusions.
                


















this website is not supported by internet explorer. please use edge, chrome, firefox or another browser.


















close












prev










next




















woman of white lady funerals








let our strength help you find yours




with care and compassion, the women of white lady funerals are here to guide you through life’s heaviest moments.









speak to a funeral specialist



















plan a funeral




together, we’ll plan a service that captures the significance of your loved one’s life.  








speak to a funeral specialist






our locations




hold a service close to your home and heart with over 55 locations across australia. 








view locations






our pricing




understand the pricing and service options available in your area.








view pricing


































white lady comforting family








the enduring strength of women




we began as a collective of women, offering genuine care and support to families through the loss of a loved one. 









read our story

















planning a farewell with us















step one: reach out to us




from your first call, we will dedicate our time and compassion to support your family through your loss.









step two: meet your funeral specialist




we’ll plan a bespoke service that reflects your loved one’s life. we’ll take care of all the details and allow you time and space to grieve. 









step three: on the day




we’ll warmly welcome your loved one’s nearest and dearest, and offer our support during and after the service.


































our commitment to you 















genuine care and comfort




we guide families through the emotional and logistical challenges of planning a funeral through one-to-one support.









we share your burden




we’re by your side from day one, taking care of the details. allowing you to focus on what matters most.









a personalised approach




with your loved one’s wishes in mind, we’ll plan a truly personalised service that honours their memory.









openness and understanding




no matter your background, culture or personal requirements, we will work to meet your every need for the funeral.


































your guide to funerals, loss and grief

















when a loved one dies 




our in-depth guide can help you understand what to do first, what happens next and how we can help.








learn more











writing a eulogy 




simple tips from our experienced funeral specialists to help you write a tribute to your loved one’s life.








learn more











organising a farewell 




we’ll step you through the process of planning a farewell that friends and family will cherish forever. 








learn more











coping with grief 




we’ve put together a list of resources to help you process and heal from your loss.








learn more





































                                our family has enlisted white lady funerals three times to look after loved ones. on each occasion, white lady funerals were highly professional, and compassionate. prompt, efficient, and totally supportive. communication was always ongoing and all needs were addressed. thank you white lady funerals.
                            




h huszar-welton (january 2023)




















get in touch 




we’re here for you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. give us a call or request a call back. 









1300 656 550




enquire now









need to pay an account?




if you’re ready to pay for a service you can pay your account online.





pay now









learn more about white lady





about us
customer feedback
payment options
sitemap











white lady funerals are proud members of the australian funeral directors association (afda).
proudly part of invocare. invocare is a leading provider of funeral services in australia.


























© 2025 invocare australia pty ltd. all rights reserved.




privacy policy  terms of use












