









lady nenari princess of the sea home




































lady nenari, princess of the sea




home

                        soul services
                    soul servicessoul remembering multi~versity coursesdiamondlight soul centre
                        soul channels
                    soul channelssong of the princess

meet lady nenarimeet lady nenariwhy called lady & princess
                 
the akashic alchemystic tarot deck 
                    connect









welcome to ~ wow ~ (words of wisdom) with me

~ lady nenari, princess of the sea,
lady of glencoe, highlands scotland ~complimentary wholistic therapisthow may i be of service to you? 

learn more
book in a session connect with me & with your soul family community on substack!  current courses available 








previousnext







wow - words of wisdom with me, lady nenari on substack!


~ what's new! ~
come join me in subscribing for spiritual wisdom on substack!aloha beautiful souls, fellow seekers of inner wisdom! welcome to wow - words of wisdom with me, lady nenari; your personal sanctuary for soulful enlightenment!wow is your gateway to a profound journey of self-discovery, guided by captivating spiritual guidance and timeless teachings. here at wow, we delve into deeper explorations of the universe's enriching messages, offering a comprehensive understanding of the profound lessons they carry.become part of our community, a gathering of like-minded souls committed to fostering and nurturing their inner potential and walking the sacred path of continuous self-improvement and soul enlightenment.if you are eager to unlock your true worth and embrace the beauty inherent in life's journey, simply click the button to the left to embark on this adventure with me! remember, whether you opt for the long or short route, your journey begins here with words of wisdom!










                    see more



~ create who you are! ~
create an intention of 'what is' upon your special star within the celestial heavens at this very moment; of what is of your fondest desires as if it is already here, rather than of what you wish could be.... knowing and understanding that what it is you desire is already, for you already have all you desire right now in this om, this one moment, as you already have arrived. you are already here. the 'here' is the understanding that you are life itself, divinity, a drop of the ocean of god and goddess as one. a drop of the ocean of divinity expressed within the very being you are. you are all that is, you are love, you are light. for this is where you came from and emanate from, therefore how can you not be that of what you already and always, in all ways, are? you are perfect and beautiful beyond description. it is the truth that there is nothing you need to accomplish, possess, or hold on to. all that is desired is already yours as a river is already both the ocean and the mountain streams. to be love and be loved is all that is to be worn.

the arrival also comes within understanding that there is free from being any place 'to get to' or destination to arrive at. that it is the journey in and of itself that is the destination. that we are to come to love and enjoy the process, enjoy the journey and in that we come to certain points we call destinations and yet destinations are where we begin once more for it is always a continuation of the process of the journey. to come to love and enjoy the journey, even those aspects that we would call as 'bad' for there is free from being any such thing as 'bad', all is divinely whole, perfect, complete, and beautiful simply as it is. there is free from being anything to manifest or not manifest, for how can you manifest or not manifest what already is? we just simply bring forth from within us the creations of what is already and always giving birth to them into this experience we call life. that it is the experience itself, the journey itself that we are here to embark upon and that is the destination. to come to love the journey and the destination as they are one. this, is the journey of the song of the princess....

much aloha!~

~lady nenari, princess of the sea
lady of glencoe, highlands scotland
the "diamondlady" of lemuria








~lady nenari featured expert author and exclusive interviews~articles, channels, exclusive interviews, and other writings by lady nenarican also be found
 below at the following links








expert article author on elephant journal








lady nenari's blog daily on facebook








wow ~ words of wisdom on substack









                                om times radio show interview on voice rising with kara johnstad








interview in international women's magazine be your own








maui magic aloha soul podcast






previous



next









~ share this page! ~

































                    address
                
lahaina, maui & globaljoin the wow ~ words of wisdom substack community for deep wisdom content


donate
love offering donation link


contacts
                
email~ nenari@diamondlady.net paypal email~ nenari@diamondlady.net











                        â© infinite universal copyright lady nenari princess of the sea, diamondlady.net






































‌easiest website builder               

