 


marijuana anonymous online: district 13 of maws: home page




 




 

this site uses javascript for various functionality, however, it appears either you have javascript disabled or your browser does not support javascript!


 
 
 









marijuana anonymous online - district 13














home
chat & meetings

online meeting schedule
verifications
chatroom
chat terms
recorded ma convention speakers



are you new?

the 12 questions
detox
what happens at ma meetings
for the newcomer
i found ma online
you are never alone


literature

life with hope
for loved ones
cross addiction
sponsorship
pamphlets


contribute

7th tradition
paypal


hosting

what is a host?
become a host
online meeting schedule
choose a meeting
topics


service

what is the dsc?
how to join the dsc
dsc members


steps & traditions

the 12 steps
the 12 traditions













welcome to ma online
marijuana anonymous is a fellowship of people who share our experience, strength, and hope with one another that we may solve our common problem and help others to recover from pot addiction. the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop using marijuana. there are no dues or fees for membership. our primary purpose is to stay free of marijuana and to help the marijuana addict who still suffers achieve the same freedom.
ma online is district 13 of marijuana anonymous.






 online chat and meetings


welcome to our chatroom
click here to see >>> online meeting schedule.
welcome newcomers! if you have not registered here before please start by using register tab.


 click here to see >>>
                      
                      instructions for registration
                      
                      or
                      
                      instructions for login.
                      
                      or
                      
                      instructions for resetting password
                      



register
login


attention: once you have an established username if want to change it or create a new one you must request permission from an administrator.



if you have any questions or are having any problems with registering or logging in please contact us directly at email district13@ma-online.org









 latest updates



whats new?

the chat room is open ! come in now 24/7
meetings are happening daily

welcome to all newcomers
there is a free marijuana anonymous app it is a green triangle with capital ma in it
we don`t share personal contact information here on our site



also: if you are using changes in your software that hides open identification information of your browser or device our system will not allow you to register and login
this provides security for our members
please help ma online be a healthy & safe place to find recoveryadministration ma online
thanks!!!


today is  and the current local time is  (utc/gmt)









if you are unsure whether or not you have a pot problem, please ask yourself these twelve simple questions.








                      the 12 questions
                    




1. has using marijuana stopped being fun?
2. do you ever get high alone?
3. is it hard for you to imagine a life without marijuana?
4. do you find that your friends are determined by your marijuana use?
5. do you use marijuana to avoid dealing with your problems or to cope with your feelings?
6. has your marijuana use led to financial difficulties and/or legal consequences?
7. does your marijuana use let you live in a privately defined world?
8. have you ever failed to keep promises you made about cutting down or controlling your use of marijuana?
9. has your use of marijuana caused problems with your health, memory, concentration, or motivation?
10. when your stash is nearly empty, do you feel anxious or worried about how to get more?
11. do you plan your life around your marijuana use?
12. have friends or relatives ever complained that your using is damaging your relationship with them?


                  if you answered yes to one or more of these questions, you may have a problem with marijuana.
                



it may be helpful to read some of the personal stories, and more about marijuana addiction in the
            newcomers' area.
            come in and meet us in the chatroom, ask questions, and be a part of discussion and fellowship, if you like.
          








                  to our members:
                


this is not a religious program; all beliefs are welcome here.
below are the 12 steps of marijuana anonymous. the steps include the word “god.” however, it doesn’t have to mean “god” in the literal sense. in our program we can choose a “higher power” of our understanding.








                  excerpt from step two of our book life with hope:
                


“...higher power means different things to different people. to some of us,
                it is a god of an organized religion; to others, it is a state of being commonly called
                spirituality. some of us believe in no deity; a higher power may be the strength gained
                from being a part of, and caring for, a community of others. there is room in ma for all
                beliefs. we do not proselytize any particular view or religion. in ma each of us discovers
                a spirit of humility and tolerance, and each of us finds a higher power that works for us."













              the 12 steps of marijuana anonymous
            



we admitted we were powerless over marijuana, that our lives had become unmanageable.
came to believe that a power greater than ourselves could restore us to sanity.
made a decision to turn our will and our lives over to the care of god, as we understood god.
made a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves.
admitted to god, to ourselves, and to another human being the exact nature of our wrongs.
were entirely ready to have god remove all these defects of character.
humbly asked god to remove our shortcomings.
made a list of all persons we had harmed, and became willing to make amends to them all.
made direct amends to such people wherever possible, except when to do so would injure them or others.
continued to take personal inventory and when we were wrong, promptly admitted it.
sought through prayer and meditation to improve our conscious contact with god, as we understood god, praying only for knowledge of god's will for us and the power to carry that out.
having had a spiritual awakening as the result of these steps, we tried to carry this message to marijuana addicts and to practice these principles in all our affairs.









              the 12 traditions of marijuana anonymous
            



our common welfare should come first; personal recovery depends upon m.a. unity.
for our group purpose there is but one ultimate authority, a loving god whose expression may come through in our group conscience. our leaders are but trusted servants; they do not govern.
the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop using marijuana.
each group should be autonomous except in matters affecting other groups or m.a. as a whole.
each group has but one primary purpose, to carry its message to the marijuana addict who still suffers.
m.a. groups ought never endorse, finance, or lend the m.a. name to any related facility or outside enterprise, lest problems of money, property, and prestige divert us from our primary purpose.
every m.a. group ought to be fully self-supporting, declining outside contributions.
marijuana anonymous should remain forever nonprofessional, but our service centers may employ special workers.
m.a., as such, ought never be organized, but we may create service boards or committees directly responsible to those they serve.
marijuana anonymous has no opinion on outside issues; hence the m.a. name ought never be drawn into public controversy.
our public relations policy is based upon attraction rather than promotion; we need always maintain personal anonymity at the level of press, radio, t.v., film, and other public media. we need guard with special care the anonymity of all fellow m.a. members.
anonymity is the spiritual foundation of all our traditions, ever reminding us to place principles before personalities.












        get involved!
      
service keeps us sober! carrying the message to the addict who still suffers helps ourselves as well as others. you can get involved right now as a greeter or meeting host. find out how in
        hosting.
      

        administrators and general service representatives are elected by you in the meetings! learn more about that in
        service.
      







              contributions
            


the 7th tradition says we are self-supporting through our own contributions. contributions help to maintain our website, pay for chips, send delegates to conferences, and other expenses. please click below to contribute.


              contribute
            






who is a marijuana addict?












multimedia library


ma convention speakers







                are you in crisis?
            


in case of emergency, call 911 in the united states. in other countries call your local emergency number.
if you would like to talk to a trained counselor, you will find one here anytime 24/7:
website:national suicide prevention lifeline
phone: 1-800-273-talk (8255)
text: 1-877-870-4673







pages
home
chatroom
for the newcomer
contribute
hosting
service
members




meetings
online meeting schedule
in-person meetings
meeting search




resources
ma world services
marijuana anonymous literature
faq




contacts
contact ma online
contact scheduler
report abuse




terms of use
privacy policy
webmaster

copyright © 1998-2016, ma online - district 13 of maws. all rights reserved.




ok






ok
















