




        anne baring |     
anne baring's website



























































anne baring




home
urgent call
books
videos
about anne

 
menu










home
about anne
the divine feminine
the resurgence of the feminine
instinct and the body
kinship with all creation – the shamanic vision
war and the solar era
jung & the recovery of the soul
a metaphysical revolution
the great work of alchemy
the new story
the new image of god
the survival of the soul and life beyond death
the soul of the cosmos
latest articles
book archive
video archive
site made with  by syl
 












the dawn of a


new era


what is being born in the collapse and dissolution of the old mythologies — the old belief systems which have divided instead of uniting humanity — is the recognition that we do not live in a dead, meaningless universe but within a sacred cosmic order.















                        anne baring phd
                    


                        this is perhaps the most crucial time in our history                        
                    

i have always been fascinated by the power of individuals to shape and influence history. why do people feel, think and act the way they do? what is the anatomy of human creativity and human destructiveness — the root of the invisible influences, both individual and collective, which can both create and destroy civilization?
i wanted to understand the causes – religious, political and psychological – which could drive human beings to the depths of depravity and the heights of altruism and self-sacrifice. how are we conditioned by beliefs and habits of behaviour to respond to events in the way we do?








the dream of the cosmos is the story of a multi-layered quest to understand the causes of human suffering and to reconnect with a deeper reality than the one we inhabit in this physical dimension of experience. it seeks to answer the questions: “who are we?” and “why are we here, on this planet?” it is offered to those who are looking for something beyond the superficial values of our culture, who may be disillusioned with religious and secular belief systems as currently presented and who question political values, which are deeply mired in the pursuit of power.












                                episode 4, restoring the divine feminine. anne baring interviewed by david lorimer
                            

listen to the series of wisdom keeper interviews on the journey of extraordinary wisdom with the visioneers www.thevisioneers.ca







watch the video here






                                a recent talk
                            


                                for the scientific and medical network. awakening to a new story: the evolutionary imperative of our time                        
                            

this richly illustrated talk assesses how what anne calls the ‘four paths to union with the divine ground’ (ie hinduism, buddhism, daoism and christianity) have assisted or impeded the recognition of the sacredness of the earth and our role on this planet. it looks at the shadow aspect of these paths, including their ‘up and out’ cosmology and shows how some have conditioned us to regard nature as inferior to spirit, and to consider ourselves to be ‘above’ nature and separate from the life of the planet. they do not address the fundamental questions: what is the purpose of the material universe and the value and meaning of our lives as part of it? the new story tells us that we have an inspiring purpose and an agenda to accomplish: to carry out the will of the cosmos for this planet; to safeguard its life; to cherish every aspect of its divinity.






view here






                                a recent article 
                            


                                a crucial time of choice                        
                            

as a jungian analyst and a historian, i would like to offer an archetypal overview of why the current crisis may have come into being; showing when, where and how the masculine and feminine archetypes – reflected in the image of a god or goddess – became separated, and why this separation has had such a deep impact on western civilization. i am not speaking only of the pandemic but the far greater challenge of climate change.
today we are faced with a choice — a choice that will determine whether or not we survive as a species. through ignorance, hubris and the belief that we could dominate nature to the advantage of our species alone, we have interfered so disastrously with the organism of the planet, that over the last 50 years, our growing numbers and our mindless exploitation of its resources have brought about not only the destruction of 60% of all species but also the crisis of climate change. (2)






read full article here 











“the dream of the cosmos“ presents the crisis of our time with great clarity and offers solutions for individual and planetary healing. this book is concise, thorough and scholarly as well as poetic, heartfelt and spiritual. anne baring’s magnum opus is a gift to humanity that will light the way to greater consciousness and healing.





                            anne baring’s magnum opus                        
                        


                            the dream of  the cosmos
                        










 the divine feminine  






 the resurgence of the feminine 






 instinct and the body 






 kinship with all creation – the shamanic vision 






 war & the solar era  






 jung and the recovery of the soul 






 a metaphysical revolution 






 the great work of alchemy 






 the new story  






 the new image of god 






 the survival of the soul 






 the soul of the cosmos 














                                                                anne baring’s magnum opus, twenty years in the making, is one of the publishing events of the year: brilliant, profound and magisterial in its scope. in it she addresses the real cultural roots of our multi-faceted crisis — spiritual, psychological, ecological, social, political and economic.                                                            

                                                                david lorimer, programme director, the scientific and medical network                                                            






                                                                the need to heal the split between spirit and matter — the need for the return of the feminine — is one of the most important stories of our present time. few have dared to penetrate to the very foundation of this cultural split and to comprehend the real depths of the imbalance that now threatens our whole planet. anne baring’s book is a testimony to the feminine: it is the story of what we have lost and what we need to regain.
                                                            

                                                                llewellyn vaughan-lee author of the return of the feminine and the world soul                                                            






                                                                as anne baring writes in her opening, this book is a vocation. it is the opus magnum for which one might say, without exaggeration, anne has incarnated in this lifetime to produce for the benefit of many. the dream of the cosmos is at once both a visionary autobiography including many of anne’s own dreams, and a comprehensive archetypal history of the constellation, separation from, and resurgence of the feminine                                                            

                                                                veronica goodchild, author of songlines of the soul                                                            






                                                                anne baring has devoted her life to humanity’s recovery of the anima mundi – the soul of the world, and indeed its own soul. the dream of the cosmos is the climax of that quest, the fruit of a lifetime of thought and feeling, learning and vision. it is the story of a dramatic personal journey, but also an attempt to confront the greatest issues facing our time. every page breathes her moral passion, her love of beauty, her spiritual aspiration, her deep care for the earth.                                                            

                                                                richard tarnas, author of the passion of the western mind and cosmos and psyche                                                            






                                                                anne baring is one of the great pioneers on the divine feminine of our time. her work is a marvelous marriage of profound learning, deep and mature mystical experience and a vivid immediate gift of communication. her latest book, the dream of the cosmos, is the consummation of her life’s work, twenty years in the making. it is a masterpiece that will last a long time and deserves to be read by all seekers and anyone interested in the birth of a new civilization out of the chaos of our time.                                                            

                                                                 andrew harvey, author of return of the mother and radical passion                                                            













                        latest articles
                    


                        thoughts on the current state of the world                         
                    










the need for a higher vision
the great question for those who are dedicated to helping humanity through this crucial time of choice is how to change the values that currently govern the world?









the message of the pandemic
this means radical change in every sphere of life: change in politics, economics, business practices and consumerism; change above all in our attitude to and relationship with this precious planet.









opening a way through the hedge of thorns
this time of planetary lockdown reminds me of the fairy tale of the sleeping beauty where the princess and the whole court lie under a spell cast on them by an old woman sitting in a castle turret.












                    about anne
                


                    researcher, scholar, jungian analyst,  cosmic poet                         
                





i travelled widely in india and the far east during the 1950’s before training and practising as a jungian analyst. i am a member of the scientific and medical network and, until my retirement from private practice in 2000, i was a member of the association of jungian analysts, london and the international association for analytical psychology. i have lectured for several years in both the united kingdom and the united states. in my recent online seminars course, i draw together my interest in psychology, mythology, ecology, fairy tales and alchemy. in 2013 i published my latest book, the dream of the cosmos: a quest for the soul that is a summary of my life work.





ba oxon 1953,  ma oxon 1981, phd (hons) in wisdom studies, ubiquity university 2018
60 years of research in: psychology, history, politics, mythology, ecology, fairy tales, alchemy
15 years jungian analyst (member of the association of jungian analysts)
30 years member of the scientific and medical network and has frequently lectured for them
10 years research and write: the myth of the goddess
25 seminars taught, 45 publications, 8 books





















                                my original website is still accessible.
                            

you can contact me at annebaring@freeuk.com



visit it here










                    featured videos
                




the tragic split in the western psyche









battle between good & evil solar mythology









unified field physics and a new vision of reality














featured books







messages from a transcendent dimension
            available from july 1st 2023 from archive publishing.co.uk, amazon.co.uk, and amazon.com          








the dream of the cosmos
            „the dream of the cosmos“ presents the crisis of our time with great clarity and offers solutions for individual and planetary healing. this book is concise, thorough and scholarly as well as poetic, heartfelt and spiritual. anne baring’s magnum opus  …          








the myth of the goddess
            when we began this book we intended simply to gather together the stories and images of goddesses as they were expressed in different cultures, from the first sculpted figures of the palaeolithic era in 20,000 bc down to contemporary pictures of the virgin mary.           








the divine feminine
            this book is a celebration of the sacred feminine, the feminine face of god as it has been expressed in different cultures all over the world. the divine feminine is initiating a crucial new phase in our evolution: urging us  …          








soul power
            now is a pivotal time. there is an opportunity to engage the whole of humanity in an evolutionary advance, if only we can understand what’s happening and why. this book helps us do just that. our brilliant technological culture inflicts  …          








the birds who flew beyond time
            the story of the birds who flew beyond time is inspired by the great persian poet farid ud-din attar’s classic twelfth century allegory, the conference of the birds. this magical retelling for children aged 7 years and over shows that  …          








the mystic vision
            this outstanding anthology, as precious as a book of hours, is the fruit of a search for the quintessence of the mystic vision and the mystic experience. it offers a treasury of texts for contemplation, chosen from the great religious  …          








the one work: a journey towards the self
            the story of a personal quest for the underlying meaning of hinduism, buddhism and christianity and their essential message: the reunion of the conscious human self with the divine ground. this book has been republished in the us in 2021 and is available on amazon.com          








el mito de la diosa
            the spanish edition of my book “the myth of the goddess”.          

















                    © 2020 all rights reserved | site made with ❤ by syl | legal & privacy







search for:










