











home - american gas association












































			we use cookies to give you the best digital experience while visiting our website. by accepting the use of cookies and using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our privacy policy. 
		


				accept
			






american gas association




about agaeventsmember centermember login 

natural gasaffordableenvironmentreliablesafetysecuritynewsnews releasestrue blue blogamerican gas magazineaga publications storebuyer's guideresearch & policyfederalstateregulatoryansi standardsdata & statisticsresource libraryget involved 




















we are the future of the natural gas industry.
learn more















natural gas: fueling families, fueling communities, fueling america
natural gas is an essential part of our energy sector and economy. the aga 2025 playbook showcases the foundational role of natural gas in advancing american prosperity and energy security. 

read the playbook



building for efficiency: home appliance cost and emissions comparison
new analysis is now addressing the critical intersection between environmental sustainability and economic efficiency in household energy use, allowing for informed decisions by consumers, policymakers and other stakeholders to enhance energy efficiency while maintaining multiple options for households to reduce their carbon impact and control living costs.

learn more




featured resource
natural gas market indicators
the price of natural gas is determined by numerous market factors such as supply and demand, weather, imports and exports, underground storage levels, and natural gas production. with analysis from aga’s energy markets and analysis team, we are looking at recent market activity to better understand why the cost of natural gas is what it is today.

read the latest





3,353 tcf
the u.s. has more than 100 years of supply of natural gas with 3,353 trillion cubic feet of potentially recoverable natural gas.






news & insights






feb 18, 2025



how to save a life 



if fate had taken a different course, jonathan boudreaux might be halfway around the world today instead of right where…






feb 12, 2025



natural gas: keeping the flame alive this valentine’s day 



whether you’re celebrating valentine’s, galentine’s or palentine’s day, sharing a meal is one of the best ways to spread the…






feb 10, 2025



laying the groundwork



as the new president of the national association of regulatory utility commissioners, tricia pridemore is keeping it simple: natural gas…








events






mar4-5



2025 aga construction project management workshop


conference







mar3-5



2025 spring gas piping technology committee (gptc) meeting


meeting







mar12-13



2025 spring communications and marketing committee meeting


meeting














who we are
aga members support the safe, reliable, affordable and sustainable delivery of natural gas to millions of americans.



about aga







advocating for a safe and reliable future
aga and its member companies advocate on a number of policy issues through outreach to relevant local, state and federal legislative and regulatory bodies.



get involved









400 north capitol street, nw, suite 450
washington, dc 20001
general inquiries: 202.824.7000
media requests: 202.824.7263about aganatural gasresearch & policyget involvedeventsaga career center© 2025 american gas association. all rights reserved.privacy policyterms and conditions
menunatural gasnatural gasaffordableenvironmentreliablesafetysecuritynewsnewsnews releasestrue blue blogamerican gas magazineaga publications storebuyer's guideresearch & policyresearch & policyfederalstateregulatoryansi standardsdata & statisticsresource libraryget involvedabout agaeventsmember centermember loginsearchsearch









