


















visit longview tx | official website









 















skip to main content























    explore      things to do      downtown       plan your trip      gift shop      meeting planners  


 

 

 

 

 

 

 










   





 
 











 
 
 

 












search







 
 
 





 


















































  
 
 












 














welcome to longviewwe are the east texas regional hub for fun. we are blue skies and fish fries. we love the great texas balloon race and downtown live concerts. we are outdoor adventure, big trees, parks, trails, biking and birding. we are art walks, wine swirls and arboretum strolls. we love our symphony, museums and live theatre. we are longview, texas. come enjoy the view, we have lots to do.
 






  
 
 














event calendar








contact visitor center










 
 














request visitor guide








gift shop










 
 
 

























 















8 best east texas lakes 


summertime is here and we know you want to get out and explore all the beautiful lakes that we have ...						read on...







a train day-trip through east texas 


nestled through the trees of east texas, the railroad lines connecting longview and mineola provide ...						read on...







7 fun facts about the belcher center 


the letourneau university belcher center is a wonderful addition to longview and is enjoyed as a per...						read on...







7 fun things to do downtown 


this fall, pull yourself away from netflix and try doing something out of the ordinary.						read on...







fun things to do this fall 


fall is a popular time for visiting longview, tx., not only for the weather, but to see the beautifu...						read on...







7 fun places for a night cap 


you’ve enjoyed a delicious dinner with friends but you’re not ready to let the evening end. when you...						read on...







free things to do in longview 


it’s easy to find free things to do in longview. from outdoor concerts to indoor museums, it's fun t...						read on...







relaxing retreats for you and your significant other 


life can be difficult, and when the going gets tough, the tough go get a massage. longview has sever...						read on...







best romantic dining spots 


are you ready for a special night out with your boo and need a romantic dinner location? we’ve got y...						read on...







7 awesome offbeat things you can do in longview 


zip line over alligators, discuss theology over pints of craft beer, and take in a view of miles of ...						read on...







the history of dalton days 


the letter arrived at the bank with the afternoon mail and was quite clear in its instructions:						read on...







longview arboretum is a sweet place to be 


by many accounts, steven chamblee is a big name in the texas horticultural world.						read on...







best spots for a selfie 


longview is filled with beautiful backdrops and colorful corners that make perfect locations for tak...						read on...







5 places for a pampering pedicure 


your feet support you through long days at work, numerous activities and even exercise. they take a ...						read on...







5 gift ideas for dad 


father’s day is just around the corner and we know you want to find an amazing way to show your pop ...						read on...







arts!longview installs two sculptures in cultural district 


a piece entitled, “pegasus iv: liftoff,” was installed on the lawn in front of longview city hall wh...						read on...







kids will love little big techs 


downtown longview will be full of hands-on activities as we explore science and technology during li...						read on...







lonesome dove drive-thru safari 


two miles north of jefferson, on highway 59, sits a beautiful piece of land that is home to more tha...						read on...







new mural dedicated in memory of jason butler 


a new mural that pays tribute to the late artist jason butler now adorns a wall at the new lmfa in d...						read on...







arts!longview recognizes local theatre icon as recipient of 2025 lifetime achievement award 


barbara mcclellan, a leading figure in longview’s theatre, music, and culinary arts community, recei...						read on...







state awards arts!longview cultural district $240k in grant funding 


longview’s cultural district has been awarded more than $240,000 in state grant funding that will al...						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 



 














gift shop & visitor center










 
 














downtown








outdoors








attractions








shopping








arts & culture








wellness










 
 
 




 
















visit longview
delicious food







visit longview
festivals and events







visit longview
dining







visit longview
shop with us







visit longview
explore downtown








						1
						bbq




						2
						fun in the view




						3
						salmon dinner




						4
						store front




						5
						store front








  
 



  
 








 
 













view all events










 
 
 







 








 
 



  
 














facebook








instagram








youtube










 
 
 



 














visitor resources
 






  
 
 














events calendar



on a budget







restaurants



parks & outdoors







zoos & wildlife



golf







live music



breweries & wineries







hotels in longview



camping & rv parks









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 















 






  
 



  
 



  
 













longview marketplace: visitor center & gift shop
 




109 w. tyler street
 




longview, tx 75601
 






  
 













phone: 903-753-3281 
 




email us
 






  
 
 














home







site map







contact us







accessibility







copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




































arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









