

pensacola fishing, orange beach fishing, perdido key fishing, gulf shores fishing, navarre beach fishing, and pensacola beach fishing inshore guided fishing trips with capt wes rozier


























 







 













 





 





 





 





 





 


area 
                  links:


gulf 
                  shores, orange beach, ft morgan area beach rentals: ikesbeachservice.com








pensacola fishing, orange beach fishing, perdido key fishing, gulf shores fishing, navarre beach fishing, and pensacola beach fishing are the areas that i specialize in providing expert inshore guided fishing and the most exciting fishing trip of your whole vacation in pensacola, pensacola beach, perdido key, gulf shores and navarre.

contact capt. wes:
850.982.7858 cell
captwesrozier@aol.com



hi! 
          i’m captain wes rozier, “fisherman extraordinaire”. 
          yes, the same fisherman you have seen and read about in the florida 
          sportsman september 2002 issue, the gulf coast outdoors february 
          2003 issue and the gulfcoast boating and fishing august 2000 issue 
          just to name a few.
i 
            will guide you over a grass flat in search of a gator trout. we 
            will work the mud flats for a “doormat” flounder. we 
            will look for tailing red fish as they move along the shoreline.
if 
            you are into “fun fishing” there are many species of 
            fish to catch as well and at the end of the day you too will be 
            a “fisherman extraordinaire”. be sure to check out my fishing blog too 
            for the latest news on what's biting!
fish 
          the florida panhandle
& alabama gulf coast
with captain wes!





fishing pensacola, fishing orange beach, fishing pensacola beach, 
fishing gulf shores, fishing navarre, fishing perdido key, 
pensacola fishing, orange beach fishing, pensacola beach fishing, gulf shores fishing,
navarre fishing, perdido key fishing, inshore fishing, pensacola florida, fishing trip,
fishing tours, fishing guide, perdido key, pensacola beach, gulf shores, gulfshores, 
orange beach, navarre, captain wes rozier, saltwater fishing, gulf coast, 
in-shore fishing, www.captwesrozier.com.

