















re:modern design + architecture :: remodern, inc. - home























































 
 



























primary menu
case studies
services

consultations
full-service design


about
news
contact
 

join my house tribe









come on in







skip to content






welcome




 

our surroundings can move us forward.
this is why we design thoughtful environments that infuse story and function into the everyday. more than just beautiful spaces, we create places to nurture your best life.
let’s make space for you to thrive.


learn more





































































what we do




 


architecture
interior design
styled spaces


strategic consulting
brand collaborations
kickstart housenew








about us




 






good design is multifaceted.
we’re not your average design firm. we blur the lines of architecture and interiors to give you a curated, seamless, and collaborative experience. sustainability is a given. and we’re all about delivering an easy-going design process that’s empowering and fun.


read more









testimonials




 



“i’m going to come home to this every day and i’m so happy!”
- karen k. homeowner bay area, california 



“we’re thrilled with [re:modern]’s design. its breathed new life into a space that we’ve occupied for thirteen years. the light, openness and re-use of materials that we hadn’t imagined a second-life for, has been great.”
- ken i. executive director tenant improvement project, san francisco, ca 



“i spent countless hours waffling….one visit from [re:modern] and things are starting to come together beautifully.”
-somya r.  homeowner burlingame, california 







case studies




 



 

contemporary family rancher




 

bollywood eichler




 

modern mediterranean




 

rockstar victorian




 

launchpad retreat





read more









let’s build something special, together.



get started




















 







follow on instagram






 

thinking about remodeling?

	re:modern has an engaging homeowner community called kickstart house which supports, encourages, and gets you to the next step. these are your people, and you shouldn’t have to go through the journey alone.


join our homeowner support community















 




contact
faq
terms
privacy
 
©[wpsos_year]. remodern, inc. all rights reserved. 






we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 


































close gdpr cookie settings






 







privacy overview









strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 











