


first with flair




















    
	first with flair
	
  
just another stranger on this earth that god has created!  you probably won't agree with what i have to say, in fact feel free to disagree and rant back at me!!  of course, i don't really care what you think, it isn't going to change my mind!  i am one of those "closed minded neo-conservative christian" types that is part of the vrwc.  subjects on this blog will range widely.  so thanks for stopping by... now move along!





monday, november 30, 2009



	 
	 kfc anyone?
	 
    


yep, that's right, i am in louisville again.  here for the annual rvia show.  it's been real telling so far.  the show is only at about 50%.  i guess that's our hope and change!! change from a thriving sector of the economy to merely a shell of itself.  there are literally about half of the rv manufactures that have gone out of business, and some still failing today!  between bush's failed banking policies to obama's total disregard for restraint on spending they have both together just about killed this industry! oh well, at least we are still growing our company, just not very fast.  we will just have to do what we can and make it work, right?  i will be busy the next 3 days and then travel home so i probably won't get a whole bunch put on here this week.  but i will see ya next week!



posted by ssssteve at 4:12 pm
4 comments






wednesday, november 25, 2009



	 
	 happy thanksgiving
	 
    


this country, much to the chagrin of those that would like you to believe otherwise, was founded on godly, biblical priciples. this thanksgiving proclamation by president lincoln cementing the holiday we celebrate today shows without a shadow of doubt what our forefathers and our countrymen and women visioned for this great country to be. god bless america, and lets be thankful to our god for the blessings he has bestowed upon this great land!here is the thanksgiving proclamation by president lincoln, enjoy!by the president of the united states of america.a proclamation.the year that is drawing towards its close, has been filled with the blessings of fruitful fields and healthful skies. to these bounties, which are so constantly enjoyed that we are prone to forget the source from which they come, others have been added, which are of so extraordinary a nature, that they cannot fail to penetrate and soften even the heart which is habitually insensible to the ever watchful providence of almighty god. in the midst of a civil war of unequaled magnitude and severity, which has sometimes seemed to foreign states to invite and to provoke their aggression, peace has been preserved with all nations, order has been maintained, the laws have been respected and obeyed, and harmony has prevailed everywhere except in the theatre of military conflict; while that theatre has been greatly contracted by the advancing armies and navies of the union. needful diversions of wealth and of strength from the fields of peaceful industry to the national defence, have not arrested the plough, the shuttle or the ship; the axe has enlarged the borders of our settlements, and the mines, as well of iron and coal as of the precious metals, have yielded even more abundantly than heretofore. population has steadily increased, notwithstanding the waste that has been made in the camp, the siege and the battle-field; and the country, rejoicing in the consiousness of augmented strength and vigor, is permitted to expect continuance of years with large increase of freedom. no human counsel hath devised nor hath any mortal hand worked out these great things. they are the gracious gifts of the most high god, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy. it has seemed to me fit and proper that they should be solemnly, reverently and gratefully acknowledged as with one heart and one voice by the whole american people. i do therefore invite my fellow citizens in every part of the united states, and also those who are at sea and those who are sojourning in foreign lands, to set apart and observe the last thursday of november next, as a day of thanksgiving and praise to our beneficent father who dwelleth in the heavens. and i recommend to them that while offering up the ascriptions justly due to him for such singular deliverances and blessings, they do also, with humble penitence for our national perverseness and disobedience, commend to his tender care all those who have become widows, orphans, mourners or sufferers in the lamentable civil strife in which we are unavoidably engaged, and fervently implore the interposition of the almighty hand to heal the wounds of the nation and to restore it as soon as may be consistent with the divine purposes to the full enjoyment of peace, harmony, tranquillity and union.in testimony whereof, i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the united states to be affixed.done at the city of washington, this third day of october, in the year of our lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-three, and of the independence of the unites states the eighty-eighth.by the president: abraham lincolnwilliam h. seward,secretary of state



posted by ssssteve at 3:46 pm
4 comments






thursday, november 19, 2009



	 
	 what 2 posts in one day
	 
    


you've got to be kidding me! ha! i just had to post this video. just for you mom!! love ya!



posted by ssssteve at 9:00 pm
3 comments









	 
	 great interview
	 
    


just saw the interview sarah gave on sean hannity. hit it out of the park in my opinion.  i love the real "straight talk" that comes out of her mouth!  not this stuff that mccain spouts!  loser that he is!  why can't we find more people like this to help run this country.  anyways, if you get the chance go check it out. btw, in the interview, hannity said that it may look like the guy from ny that she endorsed may still win that race, has anyone else heard that.  i thought the race was over, i haven't been able to look it up, too busy here at work.



posted by ssssteve at 11:02 am
1 comments






wednesday, november 18, 2009



	 
	 newsweek....
	 
    


something to wipe your hiney with!what a piece of trash magazine! i just don't see how people keep buying drivel like this magazine. i am sure you have all seen, or heard about the newsweek cover this week. here it is:there are so many things wrong with this. i just can't believe they would let their hatred of someone take over and allow themselves to do this. i mean are you a journalists or a hack? it looks like a national equire article. i wouldn't be suprised if they didn't have in there that she came from aliens, or was born with 2 heads? although with them being conservative is like being an alien! what a bunch of losers! if they had put a picture like this of say... hillary *full body shiver* people would be coming unglued! how sexist! now would be having a kitten fit!and what's with the whole derogatory, "how to solve a problem like sarah?" can you get anymore condesending? i mean why not just say, "sarah=hitler" i mean that's what they want to say isn't it? pathetic really!



posted by ssssteve at 5:35 pm
3 comments






tuesday, november 17, 2009



	 
	 whoo hooo
	 
    


and that my friends is how it is done!!! back one week and already won my first caption contest!! check it out! rt eat your heart out!! bwahahaahahaahahaa!!



posted by ssssteve at 9:27 am
10 comments






thursday, november 12, 2009



	 
	 i just don't get some people
	 
    


i just got done with an argument with some idiot on facebook. why do i get sucked into these things? wait, i know why, one of my friends on facebook is a marine. he had a quote, actually it was 4 quotes smashed into one. here it is:"if you're not living on the edge, you're taking up too much space/life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all/dream as if you'll live forever. live as if you'll die tomorrow/fate is for those too weak to determine their own destiny"it is actually 4 quotes in one.  the first is just a motivation quote by anonymous. the second is from helen keller.  the third one is attributed to james dean, and the last one is attributed to some guy named kamran hasid.anyways, this hippy, that we both know decided to post it on his page, and comment that he liked it.  out comes the moron and says, "i don't see how killing innocent people can be justification for living on the edge."  how in the world do you get from making comments about living your life to the fullest to killing innocent people.  what a tard!  i know what she did, she assumed because he was in the military, he is a bad person.  what a loser!  after  i called her on it, all she had was a backhanded insult about me being not human enough.  some people ought to just go away!



posted by ssssteve at 1:10 pm
7 comments






wednesday, november 11, 2009



	 
	 happy veterans day
	 
    


no we salute you!!  many thanks and prayers go out to our veterans!!



posted by ssssteve at 9:31 am
4 comments











about me

name:  ssssteve 
location:  washington, united states 
view my complete profile


e-mail

send me some flair
links

the amazing coles
dr. phat tony's
support your local gunfighter
peakah's provocations
pj maximum
.45 calibur justice
nobody move!
the gunn nutt
insolublog
conservative uaw guy
what panda
bounces libby
red state blue city
bama linda
cowboy blob's saloon
daisy
fiar
high velocity politics
one marines view
momster
nightcrawler
jt's amazing
damian g's place
rt's ponderings
you should be tasered
von
first in

previous posts

kfc anyone?
happy thanksgiving
what 2 posts in one day
great interview
newsweek....
whoo hooo
i just don't get some people
happy veterans day
what?  what's this? a new post?
i think i'm addicted to facebook!

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
may 2009
november 2009




 my blog is worth $25,404.30.how much is your blog worth?













