



  home - sirs navigation


 

 









+44 (0) 1474 816320    sales@sirs.co.uk










				products and services
			

back
products and services

overview


standby compasses

back
kca
pegasus
navigator
nvis
design



landing compasses

back
954-2399 + rev
tripod
radiant 1686 + rev
calibration
miscellaneous calibration






				solutions
			

back
solutions

solutions overview


custom design


quality management systems


customers


suppliers


global product support



about us
news
contact






















award winningfind out more















high qualityfind out more















clear visionfind out more















accuratefind out more















durablefind out more

















previous



next








as the largest manufacturer of aviation compasses in the western world, sirs navigation have designed, manufactured, calibrated and repaired high quality magnetic compasses and other navigation instruments for over 50 years.























standby compassesas the worldwide leading manufacturer of standby magnetic compasses, sirs are able to offer a  wide range of high quality, aircraft compasses for all civil, military and light sectors. our compasses adopt the most advanced technology to provide outstanding accuracy, performance and reliability with additional benefits of lightweight and easy visual read indication.find out more























custom designsirs use the latest solidworks® software to create high quality, visually appealing compass products that meet all regulatory requirements and satisfy individual customer needs. with extensive use of design software, sirs effectively create 3d models for all products to enable seamless integration into a virtual cockpit and simplify the aircraft design process.find out more












quality controlsirs are approved to caa-21, caa-145, caa adoap and as9100d. with the use of our highly effective quality management systems, sirs produce high quality, conforming products which are delivered on-time. our ‘zero defect’ policy supports our drive for continuous improvement, product conformance and customer satisfaction.find out more























landing compassessirs produce highly accurate and reliable ‘landing compasses’, which are used to assist with the calibration and adjustment of the standby compass, once installed within the aircraft. the nato approved products are recommended for use with all aircraft types to achieve accurate calibration. sirs offer two models; a tripod mounted version or a handheld unit.find out more

























global distribution and supportsirs’ compass products are installed in a wide range of aircraft and supplied to all major manufacturers globally.  we have developed a comprehensive global support network which includes a 24/7 support package to ensure our customers and operators are provided with adequate fast resolution of logistic or technical issues.​​​​​​​find out more














partners to the majority of aircraft manufacturers world wide





















































products & services
our solutions
about us
news
contact



compass house, bowes estate, wrotham road, meopham, kent da13 0qb
e: sales@sirs.co.uk | t: +44 (0) 1474 816320



empty







© 2025 sirs navigation


cookies











this website uses cookies
this website uses cookies to optimise your experience, measure performance and serve personalised marketing content. please select ‘allow all’ to consent to the setting of cookies on your device. you can see the cookies we use and view our policy here. alternatively, select ‘manage cookies’ to disable the setting of measurement and personalisation cookies.

manage cookies
allow all






manage cookies


necessary cookies
we use necessary cookies to make our site work.



marketing & analytics cookies 



off
on




we would like your consent to collect this data to help us measure website performance, tailor the marketing you see and show you personalised content.



confirm my preference





 




