








south texas trophy whitetail deer hunting ranch





















































		skip to content










 





homecovert ranch historywhitetail deer huntingmenu toggle

whitetail deer photos whitetail deer videos aging & scoring south texas bucks whitetail deer hunting tips
covert ranchingmenu toggle

performance champion quarter horses
testimonialsmenu toggle

pattie’s story buck story another gift from the golden triangle covert ranch late season bucks
contact 





 







 







main menu

 









homecovert ranch historywhitetail deer huntingmenu toggle

whitetail deer photos whitetail deer videos aging & scoring south texas bucks whitetail deer hunting tips
covert ranchingmenu toggle

performance champion quarter horses
testimonialsmenu toggle

pattie’s story buck story another gift from the golden triangle covert ranch late season bucks
contact 









 










south texas hunting


at its best!












over 30 years of intensive whitetail deer management in texas.

















no commercial hunting


















welcome to the covert ranch


texas trophy whitetail deer and bird hunting at its best. if you are looking for a texas trophy whitetail deer hunt and/or to experience some of the finest texas dove or turkey hunting, you have come to the right place. 
















 

 we have a mlp (managed land permit) extended deer hunting season from october 1 through the entire month of february! 



 we specialize in corporate and family south texas whitetail deer hunts, bird hunts (including texas turkey and dove hunting) and provide pre-hunt educational materials to enhance your hunting experience. 



 when we schedule corporate or family texas deer hunts for larger groups, we try not to schedule other hunters during your event to provide you privacy and exclusivity.
 



 we have produced many statewide deer contest winners. 
 



 our texas hunting ranch is one of the best areas in the usa for trophy whitetail deer hunting. 



 we hold the texas state record for deer horn mass - over 48 inches!
 



 we have some of the best south texas dove and rio grande turkey hunting, all wild, native birds. 



 no other texas hunting ranch has so consistently produced huge whitetail bucks in a traditional environment with only existing native genetics.
 



 we have no breeding or shooting pens, no trucked-in deer, no introduction of out-of-state deer and our deer have no ear tags.
 

 

























texas whitetail deer hunting



no other texas whitetail deer hunting ranch has so consistently produced trophy whitetail bucks in a traditional environment, with only existing native genetics. no breeding or shooting pens, no trucked-in deer, no introduction of out-of-state deer and no eartags. this is texas deer hunting at its best! 







learn more






































texas whitetail deer videos



see south texas whitetail deer in the natural environment found at covert ranch. 







watch now



























 




















 







home
covert ranch history
whitetail deer hunting
covert ranching
testimonials
contact
 









copyright © 2025. all rights reserved. covert ranch · sitemap · site by regency
 







scroll to top


 scroll to top













