





family club, tennis lessons, swimming classes | almaden swim & racquet club, san jose













































































408-268-9555


member log-in


home
about 

facility hours
staff
virtual tour
partners
online store


membership
swim 

swimming lessons
quicksilver swim team & masters
alma swim team records
red cross lifeguard training


tennis 

tennis pros
tennis lessons
junior tennis programs
adult tennis & leagues
tennis courts webcam


fitness center
parties & socials 

calendar of events
newsletter archive


contact
employment







×
member login


members login here to view your accounts details, statements, make reservations and shop!






login email

password
i forgot my password
















your browser does not support the video tag.



creating memorable moments for families since 1970.


online store apply for membership event calendar









what can almaden swim & racquet club offer your family? lots!





 world-class outdoor facilities perfect for california weather!
 heated l-shaped pool, diving pool, relaxing spa pool and children’s wading pool
 6 usta championship tennis courts with webcam to view court conditions
 coaching and lessons from pros that have held national ranking
 family-friendly atmosphere where you can have fun with your kids
 exclusive family memberships means almaden is never overcrowded
 46 years of keeping our members happy!











 swimming

three pools to choose from. lessons in small groups or privately. professional coaching. our own competitive swim team. learn a stroke, swim laps or simply relax. it’s up to you!




 tennis

six courts. usta tennis leagues. classes and coaching. cardio tennis workouts. court webcam. play a social match, improve your game or check the conditions of the court. what do you want to do?




 social events

meet people that share your interests. attend a fun social event or theme party at asrc to make friends that love outdoor sports and live nearby. or host your own event at the club!









exclusive family memberships mean it really is your club!
each member-family owns 1/300th of the almaden swim & racquet club

each one of our 300 member-families owns a share in the club. that means that you get a vote on the activities and future of asrc. we keep member numbers low to maintain family-friendly fun, a small-town club vibe and ensure that the facilities are never too crowded when you want to use them. dropping in at the last minute to hit a few balls or swim a few laps? our exclusive membership means there will be room for you and your family on the court or in the pool.
come by today!









benefits of membership

  ownership gives you a vote for board of directors and in all club activities
 access to the best swimming & tennis facilities and amazing coaches
 a fun, safe and wholesome place to relax and enjoy sports with your family
 chance to make new friends and socialize at our many parties and events

learn about membership!













almaden swim & racquet club
6604 northridge drivesan jose, ca 95120-5517phone: 408-268-9555
questions about asrc?
email: club@asrc.org


newsletter signup
subscribe


connect with us







©2025 almaden swim & racquet club. all rights reserved.


privacy policy
website by pronto





©2025 almaden swim & racquet club. 
all rights reserved.
privacy policy
website by pronto


 



 




















































































loading comments...



 



													you must be logged in to post a comment.												


















































