























ventilation direct  :: home




















your direct source for all your ventilation needs





search




new customers
my account
contact us









created by viktor vorobyevfrom the noun project


kitchen ventilation

grease filters
pollution control unit (vpcu)
smart controls
single / double ductwork
shop online



commercial hoods

self-cleaning hood
wall canopy hood
sloped front wall canopy hood
island hood
low proximity backshelf hood
heat & condensate hood
shop online



exhaust fans

axial roofmount
axial wallmount
ceiling & inline
centrifugal downblast
centrifugal upblast
gravity vent
inline
utility sets
shop online



heaters

compact direct fired
direct fired
electric
indirect fired
shop online



hvac

hvac unit
hvac supply duct



make-up air

accessories
economy
inline filtered
modular packaged unit
rooftop filtered
shop online



online store





call us today for a friendly customer service representative that can customize 
            your exhaust fan, heater or supply air package while providing you a fast quotation 
            including drawings and submittal packages. our product line includes ul and ansi listed 
            commercial and industrial exhaust fans, heaters, make-up air units, motors and more!
        
shop online now







hvac unit
the ideal hvac solution offering exceptional energy savings and unprecedented comfort





complete commercial ventilation systems
we offer quality commercial kitchen ventilation products and complete hood systems





single & double wall grease ducts
ideal for use in commercial kitchen ventilation applications and hood systems





high efficiency gas & electric heaters
heaters for various types of commercial applications





commercial rooftop exhaust fans
ideal for use in commercial kitchen ventilation applications and hood systems

















hvac unit






grease filters






electrical controls






self cleaning






ductwork









no cutting or welding required
universal "v" clamp connections








                the captrate® filters are available in standard industry sizes and are designed to capture and remove a high percentage of the total grease particulate emissions produced during commercial kitchen cooking operations.
            







                the etl listed energy management system is designed to automatcially reduce exhaust and supply airflow quantities while still completely capturing & containing heat and smoke generated by the cooking appliances.
            







                the self cleaning system cleans grease from the plenum and portion of the duct with the daily hot water spray cycle. surfactant is used as part of the spray cycle to increase the cleaning effectiveness.
            





hvac unit
ventilation direct's hvac unit is designed from its core to conserve energy and save on operating costs. its rare earth magnet inverter scroll compressor eliminates excessive cycling, premature unit aging, inefficient hard starts, and unnecessary energy consumption.











information links:

about us
contact us
faq



my account:

customer login
shopping cart



ventilation direct is committed to customer service and on time, accurate delivery of superior ventilation products.
call 1.866.433.8335 for a friendly customer service representative that can customize
                     your exhaust fan, heater or supply air package while providing you a fast quotation including drawings and submittal packages. our
                     product line includes ul and ansi listed commercial and industrial exhaust fans, heaters, make-up air units, motors and more with
                     a two year warranty.






security policy
privacy policy
legal notice
warranty
return policy
copyright © 2005–2025 ventilation direct. all rights reserved. designed by fx designs







