





welcome to the inner space












about us
 
ask about having one or more of our psychics at your next party or event! your guests will love the attention! 
            welcome! join the journey... 


click above to return home
6558 vernon woods drive, sandy springs (atlanta) georgia 30328
open 10 am - 10 pm mon - thurs, 10 am - 8 pm fri & sat, 11 am - 8 pm sun
 
psychic readings in person and by phone* 7 days a week
$50 for 20 minutes, $75 for 30 minutes,    additional time:
$2.50 per minute for additional minutes
click here or on the library below and left to go to our mystery school classes.
workshop & event hall & room rental




our mission

click on the watch to view the newsletter 
	      current events & classes including mystery school classes.		    







click on the library for atlantian mystery school classes, workshops
the atlantian temple of the inner space is a 501 c3 federally recognized tax exepmpt entity. please consider donating to support our educational mission.
undergraduate, advanced degree and ordination programs
saturday, february 15, 10 am - 8 pm
                      sunday, february 16, 12 noon - 6 pm
                      
readings still only $20 for 20 minutes or 2/$35
call 404-252-4540 
click on the magic carpet for psychic fair info
all psychic fair readings in person no remote readings 




full moon vibrational sound healing and cacao ceremony 6:30 - 8 :30 pm wednesday, february 13
please pre-register so we may have cacao adequate for all attendees.
call 404-252-4540 





















 




hoot owl attic 
metaphysical bookstore



community information and articles 
												distributed throughout the southeast



john henderson hypnotherapy



join our 
email list

follow us on instagram



classs registration fees are non-refundable unless the class is cancelled by the inner space. from time to time we register events for other groups. we have no responsibility for the refund of these fees after the group who is holding the class has been paid nor for money that is collected by them.
telephone readings may be reserved by calling 404-252-4540. payment is run at the time the reservation is made. there are no refunds for readings.  if a client does not call back in at the appointed time the psychic may, at their discretion reschedule the session for that reading to a time when the psychic has another availability. we have no responsibility to refund any money if the client misses a reading without giving us a 24 hour notice. if the client is unhappy with his or her reading we will  give credit on another reading with a different psychic.  if the client ends the reading within the first 5 minutes. after the first 5 minutes payment for the full time reserved is incumbent upon the client.
the inner space - all rights reserved. nothing on this site may be copied duplicated or used in any commercial publication, web site or in any other way without the specific written consent of the site owner. for reprint or reposting permission, email info at the inner space dot com





*no sharing between 2 attendees - no double readings with the same psychic except as noted for past life regression or aura imaging & sound healing.






 
	margin-bottom: 0"> 






