























home | sprinkler fitters local 281

































 home 




                                        about
                                    

about us
events
leadership
health & welfare
organizing
territorial jurisdiction
wage rates
photo gallery
history
government info.
links
news archive





                                        training
                                    

training
apprenticeship




contractors



contact




                                        members
                                    

members
pay dues





















                                welcome to thesprinkler fitters local 281, u.a.
                            
get more. get union.
members only
















welcome to our website
sprinkler fitters local 281, u.a.





at the united association of sprinkler fitters, local 281, we are responsible for protecting businesses, schools, homes, and, more importantly, precious lives, from the devastation of fire. it is no wonder we take our jobs so seriously.
with so much riding on the skills of our sprinkler fitters, it is critical that our journeymen receive the best training available. in addition to a rigorous apprenticeship program, many u.a. sprinkler fitters choose to expand their skills by voluntarily participating in advanced training programs.  some even go on to become instructors through the united association international instructor training program.

 the members of sprinkler fitters local 281 are committed to providing quality installation, service and repair to the piping and fixtures used in sprinkler systems.  they know that when human lives are at stake, there is no room for error, and there might not be a second chance to get it done right. that is why the sprinkler fitters of local 281 do the job right, the first time, every time.





            top news
        

brother thomas rugg
retirement clarifications
open enrollment for supplemental insurance
mcl open enrollment
golf outing photos 2024
social security disability benefit
quit smoking now!
included health 
additional disability benefits available!
virtual physical therapy
quit smoking now!
open enrollment for life insurance
kenwood high rise fire
workers' right amendment passes
new mobile app for the welfare fund

















training center


                                    if you possess the following qualities and are looking for a career that will
                                    maximize your potential, you just might have what it takes to become an
                                    sprinkler fitter.
                                




training center


                                    today a new generation of union workers is preparing to build the great
                                    structures of tomorrow. you can be part of that future by becoming a sprinkler
                                    fitter apprentice now!
                                


learn more











union benefits


                                    if you're looking for a career you need to understand the benefits of being an
                                    sprinkler fitter and how we will help you support your family.
                                




union benefits


                                    to learn about the financial and benefit advantages available to you as a union
                                    sprinkler fitter, contact the local union business manager for a confidential and
                                    honest comparison.
                                


learn more











contractors


                                    need a contractor? search our local directory for the right company to do the
                                    job! we have the professionals for you!





contractors


                                    sprinkler fitters in il work hard to deliver a real
                                    competitive edge to their employers. the advantages signatory contractors can
                                    rely on when hiring our members is real.
                                


learn more













have a question?
send us message below.!













full name *

                                 
                            

e-mail address *

                                 
                                 
                            



message *


                                 
                            




security word *






                                     
                                    refresh image?





























are you already a journeyman?

                        sprinkler fitters are pipefitting specialists in fire protection. they install, inspect, test, repair, and
                        maintain all types of fire extinguishing systems. let's talk!
                    



click here










address




                                11900 south laramie ave
                                alsip, il 60803


                                phone: (+1) (708) 597-1800


                                fax: (+1) (708) 597-1894 


                                email: 
                                        click here







sitemap

home
about us
training
contractors
contact




quick contact
























social media

















                2025 all rights reserved, sprinkler fitters local
                281
                | developed by unionlaborworks
































