


















the pardes institute of jewish studiespardes institute of jewish studies














































































































































    
	  
	




















     














toggle navigation




main menu

about

mission and vision
our team

boards of directors
faculty
staff
jobs


student information
contact us
עברית


programs

the pardes beit midrash program
summer program
pardes learning seminars
community education
all programs


north america

alumni opportunities
mahloket matters

mahloket matters fellowship
mahloket matters school curriculum




online torah

podcasts

pardes from jerusalem: the weekly torah talk
the maggid of melbourne: torah insights from rabbi dr. levi cooper


holidays

high holidays
sukkot
passover
yom hazikaron / yom ha’atzmaut
shavuot




jewish educators
 



toggle navigation




quick links

events calendar
capital campaign
havruta magazine
newsletter
donate
 












 


 











about pardes
the pardes institute of jewish studies (www.pardes.org.il) is an open, inclusive, diverse and intellectually challenging jewish learning community based in jerusalem with programs worldwide. pardes cultivates a life-long love of jewish learning, the jewish people and israel. pardes inspires engagement in jewish life — as communal and spiritual leaders, educators and active participants.
learn more…














“there is nothing i can recommend more than spending time at pardes. through the teachers and friends i met, i discovered how judaism can be a source of guidance, making me a more informed jew and a better person. best spent year of my life.”
matt bar, philadelphia, pa
founder and executive director of bible raps










the year program
short-term israel programs
community education
learning seminar (pls)
jewish educators (pcje)
north american happenings
tailored group experiences






the year program



short-term israel programs



community education



learning seminar (pls)



jewish educators (pcje)



north american happenings



tailored group experiences












“pardes is a great place for jews of all nationalities. our commonality as young jews who want to learn and to ask questions is far greater than anything that might divide us.”
veronique kretz, strasbourg, france
philosophy & law graduate










events
news









pardes community education program: spring program
pardes institute of jewish studies29 pierre koenig street, talpiot
monday, january 6
9:00am ist - 1:00pm ist



evening of pardes learning: a jewish guide for talking across differences
the jewish community center of greater kansas city5801 west 115th street, overland park
thursday, february 20
7:00pm cst - 9:00pm cst



scholar-in-residence: judy klitsner
, 
friday, february 28
all day



click here for more events »






pardes awarded $140,000 covenant foundation grant to transform israel education amid ongoing challenges
january 13, 2025
jerusalem, january 13, 2025 – in the aftermath of the october 7 attacks and during an ongoing war that has shaken jewish communities worldwide, the pardes institute of jewish studies has been awarded a $140,000 signature grant from the covenant foundation. the grant will fund the development of an israel educator curriculum and fellowship program continue reading »



our broken hearts – hersh goldberg polin הי”ד
september 1, 2024
we are heartbroken to have learned this morning of the death of hersh goldberg-polin, held captive in gaza since october 7.  hersh is the son of our beloved colleague, alumna and former board member, rachel goldberg, and jon polin. hersh was among the six hostages whose bodies were discovered by the idf yesterday. this enormous continue reading »



can we really disagree constructively?
july 23, 2024
written by yehudit mazur-shlomi (mahloket matters fellow ’24) we live in a time when it is extremely hard to listen to the opinions of others. the world around us seems to be getting split more and more everyday with polarization becoming sharper, and the middle ground splitting under us.   



click here for more news »












“there is something magical about studying and living in jerusalem. if you want to know where the things we are learning about happened, you just look out the window.”
gil bar-shoshan, berlin, germany
fund manager at aviva investors









elmad: online learning
the online home of pardes digital learning. elmad provides access to pardes’s unique blend of learning, with a variety of original podcasts, words of torah and recorded lectures by our renowned faculty.
topics include: torah, holidays, halakah, history, modernity, spirituality, education, personalities, and the self.



learn by topic
learn by teacher
most recent
visit the elmad website













“my teachers were inspiring and wouldn’t let me get away with not knowing. my first year of pardes was the hardest i ever worked, not to mention how fun it was. pardes is a meeting place of spectacular souls.”
jessica fain, san francisco, ca
customer success partner at box inc.









support pardes
our success depends on the financial support of people like you.
pardes inspires leaders, builds knowledge and transforms the jewish world through an open, challenging and dynamic encounter with jewish text and tradition in a diverse and supportive environment.
become a part of this important project by supporting pardes today.



donate now
the pardes bonim society
sponsor a day of learning
sponsor online learning
sponsor learning opportunities
why pardes
netzach legacy society











about
capital campaign
donate
programs
upcoming events
learn online
contact
 israel: 29 pierre koenig street, jerusalem, 9346937 israel, directions t +972-2-673-5210, f +972-2-673-5160, info@pardes.org.il
usa: 228 park ave s suite 35858 new york, new york 10003-1502, t 212-447-4333, f 212-447-4315, info@pardes.org

copyright © 2025 pardes institute of jewish studies. all rights reserved.
website designed by addicott web.










we value your privacy 



we use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. by clicking "accept", you consent to our use of cookies. 






accept








privacy policy 
















































