









roseland house garden & nursery














 
 
 













 
 







roseland house garden & nursery






				 


 roseland house are
        holders of a national collections of clematis
        viticella (cvs)   
 

 and 
		a national collection of    lapageria rosea
        cultivars  these pages also contain lapageria information from many
        different sources 


					  lapageria rosea availability

        			   

        			   

         


welcome  -
                  
jasminum dispermum

                run by
                charlie, liz & chris pridham
                roseland house, 
                chacewater, truro,
                cornwall, tr4 8qb 
                england 
phone: 
                01872 560451 
                (be prepared for leaving a message, and please make sure your
                number is clearly stated) i much prefer email contacts!                    


                email:


charlie@roselandhouse.co.uk



				update 14/10/24 :-                                   
				the nursery and 
				garden are now open only by appointment                                                    
				mail order is as normal plants can also be collected from the nursery by appointment .                         
				nb we are no longer willing to accept cheques for mail orders, 
				happy to do bacs, or credit cards (online not by phone)

				                                    
				as we are no longer doing teas here 
				(except for booked parties) it may be of interest that there is 
				a very nice cafe 1.5 miles away in twelveheads
				
				https://www.bonappetitcornwall.com/

descriptive
                pages of climbing and conservatory plants with
                pictures























 
 
 






 


 





the
        nursery
 located in the garden is our small specialist nursery, you 
		can visit when we are open or make an appointment to visit at other 
		times.we send plants out mail order all year around but not everything 
		is available all the time as we propagate 100% of the plants we sell 
		ourselves. please email for availability. we have been joined by our son 
		chris who now grows some of the plants at "tramside barns" and helps 
		with the nursery work and plant sales. 
          


 



if you need more information about the plants please
        have a look at the descriptive sections above. the
        nursery is open april to july 27th on tuesdays &
        wednesdays 1 pm to 5 pm   and at other times by appointment. see the
        events page for up to date information on plant sales,
        talks and slide shows and other events


		video of the garden back in 2008 on west country tv


		(if you can hear sound but not see a picture minimise the browser 
		window)



video of the garden 
		in 2014 on gardeners world

		(if you can hear sound but not see a picture minimise the browser 
		window)




about the garden past and present 
garden open days 
		for 2022
          the garden will be open to visitors each tuesday
        & wednesday april to july. 1 pm to 5 pm adults £5.00 (children free) 
		visitors are welcome the rest of the year but by appointment please. dogs on leads are welcome. there is 
		no parking
        at the garden on garden open days, but the free village
        car park is only 100 yards from the garden and there is
        also parking on nearby roads. please contact us if
        someone in your party has problems with mobility as
        special arrangements can be made.
        pictures of the present garden  can be seen here garden now while
        some before and after shots are heredetails
        of charity sundays can be found at the national garden
        scheme site ngs.org.uk
                 if you are coming to the garden and want something more
        substantial to eat there is a pub in the village. which along with the car park 
		is less than 100yards
        from the garden.
coach parties and garden club visits are always welcome and can be 
		any available day and time by prior appointment the group rate is £5 per 
		head and includes tea and cake and if required guided tour of the garden
 







 

 


