




 


american college counseling association - home



 




founded in 1991  |  a division of the american counseling association

















log in












 











home




about acca



leadership



executive council



executive council nominations







committee chairs







mission statement




awards nominations




honors and recognition



professional leadership




meritorious service




outstanding professional contribution to knowledge




graduate student meritorious service




advocacy for college counseling




research award




director of the year




counselor of the year







acca by-laws







membership



join now!







interest groups



community college counseling committee




graduate students & new professionals







resources



virtual resources




listserv & social media




grants



emerging leaders




research grant







professional advocacy papers




college counseling & psychological services knowledge base




community college survey




distance counseling guide




diversity, equity, and inclusion resources




statements







job board




2025 conference



conference schedule




keynote speaker




breakout session schedule




poster presentations




conference speakers




continuing education




exhibits & sponsorship









home










statement supporting lgbtqia+ students
the american college counseling association (acca) endorses equality and well-being of all lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, questioning, intersex, and asexual (lgbtqia+) students, along with its commitment to nondiscrimination and to the prevention of harassment in all forms—verbal, physical, sexual, emotional, and psychological—including protections for transgender, gender non-conforming, and lgbtq+ individuals. acca believes all students should be afforded equal learning opportunities, that colleges and universities should provide a safe and supportive environment for lgbtqia+ students, and that harassment and/or bullying based on sexual/romantic orientation and gender identity are serious civil rights violations and have no place in higher education.
at the present time, august 2023, there are legislative efforts in most states (492 across the united states) aimed at decreasing, if not eliminating, many rights of lgbtqia+ individuals (aclu, 2023). here is a link to find out what is happening in your state: mapping attacks on lgbtq rights in u.s. state legislatures | american civil liberties union (aclu.org).
in addition to support through counseling services and broader higher education efforts, we wanted to share some ways in which we may further fight for our students in this current climate.

know what’s happening in your state
donate to the organization of your choice
write your local congressman (as a private citizen**)
sign relevant petitions (as a private citizen**)
join or support a local pride march or rally
join a local support organization
if you are interested in doing more, such as testifying before your state legislature, we can connect you with advocates and training offered by the society for sexual, affectional, intersex, and gender expansive identities (saige). feel free to reach out to john watson, chair of the professional awareness and public advocacy committee, at jwatson15@missouriwestern.edu and/or visit the following link for more information: society for sexual, affectional, intersex, and gender expansive identities – counselors and related professionals serving sexual, affectional, intersex, and gender expansive communities (saigecounseling.org).

** the note about “as a private citizen” is to protect the work being done at our institutions. for some, this is not an issue. for others, due to public funding sources and other concerns we encourage discretion so as not to draw unwanted attention that may jeopardize the work we are doing on campus to support lgbtqia+ students.
in solidarity,
amanda allen, member-at-large for community colleges
lee bard ii, secretary
greg bohner, treasurer
amy broadwater, president-elect
monica osburn, representative to the aca governing council
sam simon, member-at-large for graduate students and new professionals
becca smith, past president
scott sokoloski, member-at-large for professional advocacy
wayne strother, president
john watson, chair of the professional awareness and public advocacy committee

who we are
the american college counseling association is made up of diverse mental health professionals from the fields of counseling, psychology, and social work. our common theme is working within higher education settings.
acca membership includes professionals and student members who work largely in college counseling settings. there are a growing number of community college counseling professionals who comprise the second largest group within acca. members hold primarily a master’s or doctoral degree with the largest group being master’s level professionals. counselor educators and supervisors are also part of acca membership.

membership
joining acca can be done online, major credit cards are accepted or you may elect to be invoiced and pay via check.
to join aca and acca at the same time, please visit the aca website.
memberships are managed by aca and serviced by cmcglobal in conjunction with acca.


job board postings
job postings to the acca job board are complimentary to members. non-members may post positions on the acca job board for $50.  to post a job, please submit a job board posting registration.
the intent of this resource is to allow members of acca to post job openings at their institutions. members are restricted to posts at their institution only.

 
quick linksjoin now! job board 2025 conference member resources contact us

upcoming events
monthly support space
zoom - 1pm easternthursday, february 13, 2025wednesday, march 12, 2025thursday, april 4, 2025wednesday, may 14, 2025
2026 acca annual conferencemyrtle beach, scmarch 5-8, 2026
announcements
view the press release on hemha's new guide to animals on campus
click here to access the diversity, equity, and inclusion resources
acca joins the 4th edition of health and well being in higher education: a commitment to student success
please note the addition of the college counseling & psychological services knowledge base to the resources page.
acca members in the news

becca smith is quoted in the washington post article "college mental health centers are swamped. here's what parents can do."
andrew lee is quoted in the inside higher ed article on suicidal ideation
steffanie grrossman is quoted in online counseling article college students diet and mental health
janelle johnson comments on the state of mental services at community colleges.
janelle johnson on college counseling” psychotherapy.net interview. follow the link to read the full interview.


 




 














































copyright www.collegecounseling.org. all rights reserved.privacy policy and terms of use





powered by wild apricot membership software









