





university of st andrews - scotland's first university, founded 1413


































skip to content



current students
current postgraduates
staff


university of st andrews


toggle search












navigation 


study at st andrews
subjects
research
alumni and supporters
meet us
about
contact



















course search


















additional options


undergraduate
postgraduate
short courses
pre-degree
online







discover postgraduate study at the uk’s top universityst andrews was ranked first in both the guardian university guide 2024 and the times and sunday times good university guide 2024.
join our postgraduate community and access world-leading research facilities and cutting-edge resources.
our taught masters degrees and flexible online courses are designed to allow you to achieve your potential and advance your career.online 


master your ambition. where academic heritage meets global impact. where your future starts. 



video transcript



[music]
>> professor kishan dholakia, school of physics and astronomy: by having a very strong research active university that competes with the best internationally, we can teach our postgraduate community how to evolve as researchers, how to work with our peer groups, in a way that wouldn't happen were we have to focus solely on teaching.
>> ethan, phd philosophy: the research interests of the academic staff was the most important thing when deciding to come here.
>> webster, phd divinity: i find being in this place academically challenging, stimulating, and the community is captivating.
>> julia, mlitt museum and gallery studies: as a student, st andrews is a world of it’s own. i just think it is the most brilliant and other-worldly place you could ever have.
>> webster, phd divinity: to be a student in st andrews is the ultimate of student experience in higher education.
>> professor judith wolfe, school of divnity: st andrews is a very special university because it is so small and intimate, and yet punches so far above its weight, in terms of research, in terms of the caliber of students that we get, and in terms of community.
>> fiona, phd medicine: the postgraduate community in st andrews is quite a close-knit one.
>> hoi chun, mlitt marketing: very warm and welcoming. really easy to get to know them just because you are in a small town. you get that sense of belonging.
>> dr dharani balasubramaniam, school of computer science: st andrews is a research intensive university. most of the teaching staff are research active. so their interests feed into teaching.
>> the research really is the life blood of the university.
>> nicole, mlitt terrorism and political violence: the professors are always putting out new pieces of research. they really are pioneers in the field.
>> julie brooks, school of management: we’re very lucky at st andrews. we have really the best of the best applying, and it means we really get a very, very high quality student.
>> dr james rae, school of earth and environmental sciences: we want people who are curious, who are motivated, who want to understand the world around them.
>> dr charles warren, school of geography and sustainable development: people who are willing to be challenged, and also to challenge, and people beyond their studies, people who are keen to contribute to the wider life of the university.
>> gabrielle, msc marine mammal science: i’ve learned a lot of things and i’ve made so many contacts. it’s been the best experience of my entire life. i've loved every second of it.
>> one of the things that is really important is that we are a community of scholars. the staff and the students.
>> hannah, mlitt museum and gallery studies: life at st andrews is wonderful. i think it’s completely unique. there’s so much to do, you cannot be bored.
>> morag, phd modern history: i have so many ideas about what i’m going to do when i graduate. i’ve had loads of opportunities and i’ve met so many new people.
>> st andrews has an excellent track record of seeing their postgraduates move on to illustrious careers in all walks of life.
>> students make a lot of contacts during their studies, and that can lead to career opportunities once they graduate.
>> professor frank lorenz muller, dean of arts and divinity: we have everything from lawyers, to diplomats, to journalists. they come with this great mark of quality on to a market that wants to take them into either professional or academic life afterwards.
>> when i was studying biology i read a book written by one of the professors here. getting to have classes and meet him was, like, amazing for me!
>> kara, mlitt terrorism and political violence: it was really a non-brainer when i went to look for my masters degree. i really wanted the international community that st andrews offers, as well as their international reputation.
>> before studying at st andrews i have always lived in a big city. moving to st andrews was definitely a change of scenery. it didn’t take me too long to get used to it and it was lovely. it just makes me feel like i’m home.
>> i have loved every second of being in st andrews and i recommend it to everyone i meet now. it is welcoming, and diverse, and you get so many different people, and new ideas, and experiences that you would never have anywhere else.















study at st andrews



masters study at st andrews



research


choose st andrews
fees and funding
scholarships
accommodation
how to apply for undergraduate study
how to apply for postgraduate study
meet us
current students
mysaint
moodle
library
mms
semester dates












featured news


all news



whales sing how humans speaknew research has uncovered the same statistical structure that is a hallmark of human language in humpback whale song.executive educationthe business school's new executive education courses are designed to equip professionals with the skills needed to navigate a complex global landscape.new public art partnershipthe school of art history has teamed up with education charity art uk to research and tell stories about the art owned by the uk public.  
 
 



featured eventsall events


inaugural lecture showcase: business school

datewednesday 19 february 2025 to thursday 20 february 2025
locationbuchanan lecture theatre






homeland insecurity: the rise and rise of global anti-terrorism law

datefriday 28 february 2025
locationparliament hall











race equality charter award for st andrews
the university has achieved an advancehe race equality charter (rec) bronze award in recognition of its work to improve the representation, progression and success of black, asian and minority ethnic people at st andrews.









race equality charter





















your st andrews

current students
postgraduate
staff
semester dates
jobs at st andrews
policies, procedures and guidance



navigation

academic schools and departments
study at st andrews
subjects
research
alumni and donors
community facilities
business services
visiting
about
news
events
contact



contact us

university of st andrewscollege gatest andrewsky16 9aj

phone
+44 (0)1334 47 6161
social media

facebook
x
instagram
youtube
linkedin
wechat
weibo









© 2025 the university of st andrews is a charity registered in scotland, no: sc013532

cookie preferences
accessibility statement
terms and conditions
website help






















 