









vast online web-store for all your packaging supplies


























home
products
polythene packaging items
paper packaging items
retail packaging
display packaging
industrial packaging
food & catering packaging
protective/transit packaging
horticultural packaging
house moving essentials
bargain basement

about us
contact
useful info

how to use this site
discounts
our use of cookies
our privacy policy
terms
faq
local delivery area
carriage charges
how to find us
links
site map
bookmark

shopping cart









 search tips
advanced search















site search by
		freefind








quality packaging delivered across the ukdiscounts on every order over â£50 (ex. vat)

total spend discounts -  enjoy greater savings with our discount structure, based on your total order value.
premium quality -  we prioritize quality, offering better products that will not let you down.
rapid national delivery -  fast, reliable uk-wide shipping, ensuring your order arrives without delay.
local convenience -  visit our lingwood premises for in-person purchases. we are open 9am - 4pm weekdays.
trusted by all -  from national companies to private individuals, our customers trust us for their packaging needs.
personalized service -  whether large or small, every order receives our dedicated attention and care.
paper sack specialists -  we supply a wide range of paper sacks for instant despatch. click on the picture link below.
that's not all! -  scroll further down to see our full range of packaging supplies.



fast link to paper sacks






paper packaging






polythene packaging 



retail packaging






industrial packaging 





protective packaging 



horticultural packaging 



food packaging 



display packaging 





bagman of cantley has been supplying all sizes of businesses from corner shops to nationally known companies, and the public, with packaging supplies since 1972. 
back in the days before the internet we mostly supplied businesses in our local area (norfolk/suffolk), but with the ever increasing popularity of internet ordering, 
we now send packaging supplies all over the uk. 
our very wide range of stock packaging items includes food safe paper bags including flour bags, polythene bags, high clarity cellophane bags, crystal clear film front bags, 
polythene and paper carrier bags, rolls and sheets of wrapping paper, polythene builders rolls, paper sacks, plastic refuse bags and rubble sacks, layflat tubing, 
padded postal bags and most other types of protective packaging, and much more. as you will see in the menu above, to help with finding what you need, we break 
our packaging supplies into paper packaging, polythene packaging, retail packaging, industrial packaging, protective packaging, horticultural/agricultural packaging, 
food packaging and display packaging. we are able to supply most orders from stock, and next day carrier delivery is available for most items. we also have a local 
(nr postcodes) delivery service using our own transport. all our stock items can be ordered online via our online shop, or we can take your order by phone. 
please browse our online shop pages, and if you can't find what you are looking for, do try the search box, available on every page.  a useful tip when 
using the search box - if you search for a term of 2 or more words (ie flour bags, paper sacks) make sure to enclose the phrase in " " marks. 
if you have any questions you can email us from our email page (click on contact in the menu above) or call us on 01603 714691. we look forward to hearing from you!



discounts on stock items are based on your total order value, so you get the best price on everything you order, not just individual items:

10% off when you spend £50 or more (ex. vat/delivery)
15% off when you spend £100 or more (ex. vat/delivery)
20% off when you spend £200 or more (ex. vat/delivery)
25% off when you spend £400 or more (ex. vat/delivery)

extensive stocks for rapid despatch.
pay by secure online card payment, paypal or bacs.
many items sold in small retail size packs:

strung plain and patterned paper bags. packs of 100
white, brown and coloured paper carrier bags. packs of 25
high quality polythene carrier bags. packs of 50 or 100
vest style polythene carrier bags. packs of 100
resealable clear polythene bags packs of 100
paper sacks for allotment holders packs of 5
egg boxes packs of 6 boxes (½ doz. eggs)
woven tear-proof sacks for kindling, coal, rubble etc. packs of 5
woven tear-proof sandbags. packs of 5
padded postal bags. packs of 5
grey polythene mailing bags packs of 50
blue polythene mailing bags packs of 50
black polythene rubble sacks packs of 5






	bagman of cantley
	the old granary
	station road
	lingwood
	norfolk
	nr13 4az
	tel. 01603 714691
	open 9am - 4pm every weekday
	what3words: gravy.pints.months


email: mail@bagmanofcantley.co.uk
site map
how to use the site
discounts
faq
shopping cart


notes on carriage
how to find us
use of cookies
privacy policy
ts & cs



 


this site requires javascript, but you have javascript disabled.please activate javascript to use this website.thank you.



