


tina langness performance horses world champion apha trainer in wisconsin








































 

























  
        





















          tina trains more than “one trick ponies!" 
          tina langness is a world champion rider, trainer and coach.  tina's accolades include over 65 apha, ptha, aphc and nsba world and reserve world champions. she has been coined a "top trainer" and specializes in coaching all-around youth and amateur competitors. tina is now also the 2016 ptha professional horsewoman of the year and hall of fame inductee.

        she has been featured and published in such publications as the american paint horse journal, the equinechronicle, equestrian style magazine, the country today, horse power, hunt seat horses.com, new richmond news, the judge's choice, the midwest stallion directory, and the paint horse connection.  she has also been featured on the discovery channel's animal planet. 

last year tina langness and her clients walked away with top awards from around the country in a long listofevents. tina and her clients compete at shows in many events from western pleasure to pole bending. best of all...no dream is to small or big for tina's program. plus, there's even a little bit of fun to be had along the way!  tina resides in new richmond,wisconsin where she operates a full-spectrum training facility. 




      


charminghorsehairjewelry.com




also find charming, exclusively tina on: 












home | about tina | sale barn | clients | what's new | contact

this site is  optimized for screens 1024 x 768 in browsers ie 7 and above
          designed, built, maintained  by westwynde.com
          all rights reserved © march 1, 2010 to   westwynde communications
this site is about world champion paint horse trainer tina langness from wisconsin. tina trains horses for youth and amateur exhibitors in a variety of events from hunter under saddle to western pleasure and driving. tina langness also offers a variety of quality paint horses for sale at all times. contact tina langness today about training for your paint horse in all levels of events or purchasing a new paint horse she has for sale.










