






ottawa scuba diving - sharky's scuba |



































































 









(613) 728-0188
info@sharkyscuba.com



0 items
 












dive gear
rentals
courses

complete scuba course list
ssi open water diver
2025 open water diver and open water referral course schedule
try scuba
ssi advanced adventurer diver course
continuing education scuba training schedule
tdi and ssi xr training
dive professional training »
instructor profiles
valid scuba certifications
scuba training faq
statement of understanding
tdi advanced wreck diver
tdi intro to tech diving
horizon rebreather


services

scuba equipment servicing price list
scuba regulator maintenance
scuba tank maintenance
bcd care and cleaning
masks, fins and snorkels
wet suit care and repair
scuba rentals


snorkeling
local diving
about us

team sharky
photos and articles
scuba links
store hours
contact us


 


select page


  
 
 













scuba vacation dive gear maintenance and repairmake sure to bring in your gear to sharky scuba supply before you go on vacation this season. don’t wait till the last minute.








scuba vacation dive gear maintenance and repairmake sure to bring in your gear to sharky scuba supply before you go on vacation this season. don’t wait till the last minute.








scuba vacation dive gear maintenance and repairmake sure to bring in your gear to sharky scuba supply before you go on vacation this season. don’t wait till the last minute.










the health and well-being of our clients and staff remains our highest priority. learn more about our covid-19 safety measures.



learn more








our services







scuba coursessharky`s scuba offers a comprehensive selection of scuba diving courses from beginner to advanced. get introduced to other local divers who have similar interests.
regular scuba courses





local divingthere are some amazing local diving sites within the ottawa, kingston and brockville area. we`ve put together a comprehensive list of dive sites.
local diving suggestions





scuba gearsharky`s scuba has the largest selection of diving gear in the ottawa, kingston, and brockville region. stop by our showroom or browse it online.
view all scuba gear








great service
sharky’s scuba is staffed with very knowledgeable staff who are always willing to offer you great advice from gear to amazing local and worldwide diving experiences.

largest selection of gear
we have tons of dive gear in stock. browse through our selection of scuba diving gear on our web site or come into our store and check it all out.

wide range of scuba courses
we have many courses from beginner to advanced scuba diving. you can take the course right here in ottawa and meet some wonderful people or start them online through our padi e-learning centre.




sharky's diving fun







ottawa’s largest scuba diving store

sharky’s scuba supply is ottawa’s leader in dive training, equipment and service. our management, staff, and instructors all share the same passion for adventure and safety that makes us your ideal partner in this great experience. explore nature, seek adventure in ways you never imagined — with sharky’s scuba supply.








(613) 728-0188








info@sharkyscuba.com








1226 wellington st w ottawa, on k1y 3a1 







contact us today!




 







ottawa scuba facebook group sharky's diving fun
training & scuba coursesscuba training overview
scuba course list
try scuba
training faq
statement of understanding
1226 wellington st w
ottawa, on k1y 3a1
tel: (613) 728-0188

due to fluctuations, prices and stock may change without notice from those listed on this site. please contact us for details.location and info 

 






facebook




x




instagram



						sharky's scuba supply © 2021 - your best source for scuba equipment, training, and diving services in ottawa la meilleure source d’équipement, de formation et de services de plongée à ottawa website design & seo by salient marketing  




















