








jim royal | photographer, web designer, and technical writer




























 













jim royal

search


primary menu
skip to content
home
portfolio
résumé
contact
the rainbow and the stars
 





search for:



 








 


how-to, video

the biggest mistake made with informational video

march 19, 2019 jim royal leave a comment



the biggest mistake organizations make with their informational videos is not a technical problem. it’s all about their audience.

 continue reading the biggest mistake made with informational video →




 


street photography

why educational video for my organization?

february 11, 2019 jim royal leave a comment



a short and fun video that answers some pertinent questions about using video in your organizations.

what do educational videos do for me?
how many people can i reach with educational video?
will i get noticed with so many other videos out there?


continue reading why educational video for my organization? →




 


video

how to cost educational videos

november 22, 2018 jim royal leave a comment



“so what is this going to cost us?”
there’s no doubt that educational video is great way to reach a wide audience. on mobile devices alone, youtube reaches more 18-to-49 year-olds than any broadcast or cable tv network.
educational video can generate trust in your expertise and build awareness for your product. or, if you’re in a non-commercial organization that has a public-facing mission, educational video can help teach, and motivate people to act.
but it does cost more than a handful of blog posts.
in my experience, if you’re planning to release a one-off video, or a short campaign of just a handful of episodes, you’re probably best off contracting out to a production company that specializes in educational content.
however, if you want to build a library of material that will support your brand or mission over the long term, it is far less expensive to build in-house expertise and leverage your own knowledgeable staff.
 continue reading how to cost educational videos →




 


career

my own gallery

march 1, 2018 jim royal 3 comments



for a long time, i have quietly debated the idea of mounting a public exhibition of my photography.
now, it’s happened in an unexpected way, and it’s a little weird.
 continue reading my own gallery →




 


skepticism

images that lie

december 6, 2017 jim royal leave a comment



the other day, an acquaintance of mine on facebook posted this astonishing video:

in it, a young elephant is seen painting a self-portrait — a stylish line drawing of an elephant. it holds a paintbrush delicately in its trunk and slowly creates an image with precise, artful strokes.
although this video is real, it is not the whole story. the whole story is disturbing.
 continue reading images that lie →



posts navigation

1
2
…
7
next → 





photographer, web designer, and technical writer

 my name is jim, and my life’s work is about communication.
for more information about me, check out my portfolio and résumé on the main menu.
watch my short film: “the rainbow and the stars.”


recent posts


the biggest mistake made with informational video


why educational video for my organization?


how to cost educational videos


my own gallery


images that lie


recent commentslorraine on updating the portfoliowhat does your office says about you? - speaky magazine on making the boss look goodjim royal on my own galleryjim royal on my own gallerypascal f. on my own gallerycategories

administrivia

blade runner project

career

how-to

skepticism

street photography

video


archives archives

select month
 march 2019 
 february 2019 
 november 2018 
 march 2018 
 december 2017 
 august 2016 
 may 2016 
 november 2015 
 september 2015 
 august 2015 
 june 2015 
 april 2015 
 january 2015 
 october 2014 
 september 2014 
 july 2013 
 june 2013 
 may 2013 
 march 2013 
 february 2013 
 january 2013 
 december 2012 
 march 2012 


 





colophon jimroyal.com is built on wordpress using a customized version of the twenty fourteen theme. 

this site is mainly about photography. photography is about the light, not the gear. that said, i shoot with a pentax k-3 and a fuji x100.


recent posts


the biggest mistake made with informational video


why educational video for my organization?


how to cost educational videos


my own gallery


images that lie


sections

contact
portfolio
résumé
the rainbow and the stars

meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 


proudly powered by wordpress









