


lost car keys? mobile auto locksmith














auto locksmiths


 lost 
      car keys, immobilizer
      transponder keys, master keys, security keys, ecu reprogramming and more

mobile:  
      07836 222213
        phone: 
      
      01277 375555


to email click here

po box 5022, brentwood
      essex
 cm15 9jx 
uk

formally
 



 mobile lost car key service, auto
      electrician, car locksmith serving london and essex uk
      transponder key and red master keys for most makes. 



















lost car keys?

no problem!











we can supply red master keys for ford, 
      toyota, vauxhall, 
      volkswagen, rover, 
      citroen, peugeot, 
      nissan, jaguar, volvo, 
      fiat and many more.
      also high security keys, laser cut keys
      all keys computer cut & programmed on site
      locks repaired & replacement keys cut to code, lock or pattern.

























toyota locks
      as you may now know, if you lose all the keys to a toyota or lexus vehicle 
      that has a transponder system it can be very costly because the engine 
      control module unit has to be replaced. we can save you literally hundreds 
      on this.
      call us now on
      07836 222213
      fully mobile service
due to the advanced security features on modern day cars it has become 
      impossible to perform tasks such as changing modern car keys and locks 
      without having very costly specialist equipment to hand.

      aes have expertise in many areas of car electrical and electronic systems 
      including transponder keys especially the ford red key ignition system.

      all car keys cut to code, pattern or lock. all keys computer cut for a 
      perfect fit. transponder keys programmed. high security deadlocks opened. 
      ford, fiat, toyota re-programming. damaged locks repaired. new 
      locks coded to original key. 

      we offer a fast and efficient mobile vehicle locksmith service to the east 
      london and essex area and can offer replacement transponder (red master) 
      units at a fraction of the manufacturers prices to both the public and 
      motor trade.if your master is missing, failing or you just require a back up, please 
      give us a call.

      established in 1982 aes have grown up with specialist systems, giving us 
      the know-how to diagnose and repair auto electrical systems, often when 
      all else has failed. as a long established company we have invested 
      heavily in the technology required to deal with these problems. we offer a  
      fast friendly reasonably priced service to both the public and motor trade 
      customers. 
 













       

 










|coverage area
      | | email us |








 

website design by blue 10 internet







