





westcoast productions – independant music label
 


















































































 





skip to content













  


search for:








music productionpublishingstudioprojectsrelicsdenvanoceanchildcollaborhatecontactshop 















homeadmin2020-12-13t17:48:19+01:00 
welcome to westcoast productions!
let me introduce myself: my name is lode de roos. i’m a musician and a producer, born and raised (and residing) in the great city of amsterdam, netherlands.
i have many years of experience in recording and producing music for many artists in many different styles.
being a label and publisher as well, my company handles digital distribution, social media promotion, and physical distribution.
music production
as a music producer i’m involved in many musical projects; from sketch to final result.
everything in between: arranging, composing, recording, editing, mixing, mastering!
as a session musician you will often find me on the keyboards, bass, guitar, percussion, vocals or sometimes all of the above.
audio visual production
being a creative person i also like to be involved in the visual aspect of music.
so that led me to produce music videos as well; no big budget projects but compensating with some artistic input.
i also provide trailers, artwork for album covers & social media etc.
publishing / digital distribution
a a record label i can help getting your music on spotify, itunes and all other digital platforms.
i work with emubands as a reliable partner in digital distribution. that also involves getting your own spotify for artist account.
 


prev
1 of 2
next










denvan - she said (official music video)










denvan - cloud 9 (official music video)










maggie & the jar - feel me ( official music video )










oceanchild - everybody is a star (official music video)










oceanchild - in tune (official music video)










oceanchild - big waves (official music video)










oceanchild - seas of time (official music video)










oceanchild - save it for a lifetime (official music video)










maggie & the jar - resurrección ( es )










maggie & the jar - vice (official music video)










farah day - get down










farah day - i try





prev
1 of 2
next







 
 













 
 
 





		copyright 2022 westcoast productions | all rights reserved |	


facebookyoutubeinstagramxemail
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

 
 

 




x

 





















































































































go to top




