




orlando bass adventures | lake toho trophy bass fishing guide


























 













home
client reviews

client reviews 2


fishing report

orlando bass fishing

lake toho
st johns river
butler chain
harris chain



about us

bio & portfolio
fishing tips
faq's


trophy bass

trophy bass 2
trophy bass 3
trophy bass 4
kids trophies


trip information

trip prices
policies
reservations
directions





orlando bass adventures
trophy bass fishing guide steve boyd
call 352-603-5467




  



trophy bass fishing in orlando florida
welcome to orlando bass 
fishing adventures guide services for lake toho 
and the kissimmee chain located just 25 minutes from disney, universal 
studios and sea world. if you are ready to experience the thrill and 
excitement of orlando bass fishing, you have come to the right place! catching big bass and creating memories that will last a lifetime is our specialty. 
specializing in trophy bass fishing only, we are a 
full time professional guide service offering clients the best 
opportunity to enjoy real florida bass fishing. central florida is 
famous for big bass and our commitment is to providing clients with 
an experience that reflects this reputation.

orlando bass adventures is owned by steve boyd, a full time guide, 
tournament pro and former marine that grew up right here in central 
florida. with 40 years of fishing in the orlando 
area you can count on the knowledge that comes with hiring a local 
guide to put you on the catch of a lifetime.bass 
fishing is a great way to spend time with the family so women and 
children are always encouraged to come enjoy a day. children are the 
future of the sport which is why i have dedicated an entire page to 
the children who have taken memories home of their bass fishing 
charter.
hire the best orlando bass guide for your trip

 if choosing my services rest easy knowing you will be hiring a true 
professional with over 40 years of mastering the area lakes and the 
bass that hold them. clients are paying for a guides knowledge of 
the lake, where big bass are & how to catch them. anyone with a boat 
can call a friend to find fish or simply pull up next to other 
guides but that won't produce the big bass clients expect. i guarantee you will get what you 
are paying for when hiring me!
 all the information in this site is designed to help clients get as much information about us and our experience so that making the right choice is an easy one. whether you are looking for a trophy bass fishing trip using live bait or artificial lures i have the 
knowledge needed to help you accomplish your goals. visit my bio page for more information about my background and tournament experience. 
being one of a select few orlando bass fishing 
guides that grew up right here in orlando gives me a lifetime of 
experience to understand the seasonal patterns of our big bass and 
their movements so that clients can have a successful day on the 
water. visit the trophy pages along with client comments pages to 
see how previous clients have benefited from this wealth of 
knowledge.

i cater to clients from all over the world averaging 250 trips per 
year fishing on world famous lake toho, kissimmee chain and harris 
chain of lakes. trophy bass fishing in orlando is all i do so take a 
look around the site and see what my clients are catching.


tweets by orlandobassadv  



orlando guide trips
- 
guide trips offered - 4, 6 or 8 hours- all trips guaranteed to catch fish- fishing with lures or live bait- fishing lake toho & 
kissimmee- specializing in trophy bass fishing- fully licensed and insured- orlando native, 
40 years experience- 2016 blazer 625 pro elite 
bass boat
 


bass conservation
we practice catch and release on all fishing trips and 
encourage photos and replica mounts. we specifically target 
trophy bass only and follow b.a.s.s. founder ray scotts 
philosophy on harvesting bass.

no fish no pay
all fishing trips are guaranteed that you will catch a fish or you 
don't pay for anything if the client is fishing based on the guides recommendations for 
what would be best. these recommendations happen at the time of booking 
and are designed to provide the clients with the best results and take 
advantage of my knowledge and experience for which clients are paying 
for.
 
 





links

indian prayer
links
sitemap



contact:






orlando bass adventures
orlando, florida 32819
(352) 603-5467
 mon - sun: 7:00 am - 8:00 pm est


bass fishing review
thanks again for a fun day on the water. the fishing was great, evident by our need to go buy more bait halfway through the morning. we caught fish from the first cast to the last few minutes when we ran out of bait the second time. i truly enjoyed fishing with you and am looking forward to scheduling my next trip. you're a true professional and have earned a repeat customer.


bass fishing review
i'm back home and after downloading the video of our trip and showing everyone the photos of the big fish i wanted to let you know that we had an awesome day. to get out on the water in february and start catching fish immediately was incredible. those were the biggest bass i have ever seen and to feel them just about rip the rods out of my hands was the best ever. thanks for a great time. 




orlando bass fishing adventures
https://www.orlandobassguide.com
©

all rights reserved














