ez up canopy tents e-z up tent retail scales battery operated cash register  homeloginview cartcheckout  terms & condscontact ussearch  categories+ez up canopy tent tents canopies shelter pop upweighing  scaleshand trucks ez up canopy tent: express eclipse tents everything we sell is factory new, from new stock, you receive the lastest and greatest the manufacturer has to offer, with factory warranty.ez up canopy tents  shelters, many sizes and options. up or down in a minute. the standard of the industry. ez up canopy tents shelters provide instant shade, always ready for that impromtu event. count on ez up instant canopy tent shelters to look good, we also do graphics, our specialty. ez up instant canopy tent shelters available in 8 x 8, 8 x 12, 10 x 10, 10 x 15, & 10 x 20. ez up canopy tent shelters always makes an event stand out, easyup, ezup, or ez-up, no matter how you spell it, ez up canopy tent shelters are the fastest shelters available, often copied, but never duplicated, don't settle for less choose ez up canopy tent shelters.  magliner hand truck - links to our new hand trucks 4 less siteeverything we sell is factory new, from new stock, you receive the lastest and greatest the manufacturer has to offer, with factory warranty.magliner hand trucks, dolly, dollies, & carts are made from aluminum & magnesium for strength and less weight. magliner is known as the standard in hand trucks by the professionals that use them, like frito-lay. when you depend on your handtruck choose magliner. build your hand truck on line, from components, over 1000 different configurations. the weight capacities for each hand truck range from 350 lbs. to 1000 lbs. with our hand truck there will be less weight, more strength and less down time, custom made to your needs, no other does hand trucks like we do. magliner appliance & vending hand trucks are the best. magliner bottled water handtrucks save time and energy and sore muscles. magliner, the choice for the professional. weighing scales:  bathroom food truck floor counting portableeverything we sell is factory new, from new stock, you receive the lastest and greatest the manufacturer has to offer, with factory warranty.we offer digital scales, postal, mail, stealth, pocket, price computing , medical, physician, home bath,  postage rate calculating, legal for trade, counting, infant, pediatric, baby , shipping , and wheel chair scales. our retail scales rapidly and accurately provides single piece weight and verifies piece per pound making it the perfect scale we also feature retail scales our retail scales, price computing scales, include mechanical & a/c & battery operated for remote areas and for the farmers market type of retail locations.   all the digital retail scales are legal for trade scales, all are class iii, except the mechanical hanging scales, which are available in class iv or class iii. we offer a large selection of price computing scales, retail scales, physician, and infant baby pediatric scales. we also have the new cd scale that looks like a cd case, but is a 500gram scale.  heath o meter scales are top of line and will last for years and years and are our choice for the medical scale industry. we also have the detecto, mettler toledo, and seca line of products. digital infant baby scaleeverything we sell is factory new, from new stock, you receive the lastest and greatest the manufacturer has to offer, with factory warranty.digital infant baby scales, health o meter, seca, detecto, and others for less airport luggage handlingeverything we sell is factory new, from new stock, you receive the lastest and greatest the manufacturer has to offer, with factory warranty.quality  airport luggage handling carts and hand trucks. stealth & pocket scaleeverything we sell is factory new, from new stock, you receive the lastest and greatest the manufacturer has to offer, with factory warranty.large selection of small scalesinformationez up canopy tents e-z up tent retail scales battery operated cash register customer servicescontact uswebsite informationterms & condssite mapprivacy & security informationhow to get in touch with uscall us on800-693-3353800-693-3353 fax: 715-231-3274 a. steele5336 s oldfield ave,homosassa, fl ,34446, united states.© 2013 - 2022 a. steele