



	welcome to the nevada state board of accountancy












important notice: important information regarding the impact of covid-19 (coronavirus) - click for details














account login
























license search




                                                            contact information


                                                            board member & staff info


                                                            meeting schedule & minutes


                                                            financial report


                                                            newsletter archive


                                                            complaints


                                                            board strategic plan


                                                            new law changes





                                                            new cpa exam 2024


                                                            cpa exam instructions


                                                            cpa exam scores


                                                            cpa exam application


                                                            cpa exam education req.


                                                            re-print your nts


                                                            nasba payment coupon


                                                            candidate exam tips


                                                            foreign evaluation providers





                                                            license application status


                                                            licensing requirements


                                                            experience new


                                                            in state firm registration


                                                            out of state information


                                                            fingerprinting





                                                            account login



                                                            license renewal


                                                            continuing education req.


                                                            peer review req.





                                                            forms & applications


                                                            contractors board affidavit


                                                            code of conduct client records


                                                            public records request


                                                            license & exam verification


                                                            marijuana industry


                                                            practice continuation resource

                                                            language access plan



                                                            related websites


                                                            state of nevada website


                                                            privacy policy













home|complaints|forms & applications|code of professional conduct|statutes|regulations







welcome to the nevada state board of accountancy















news & updates






new board website launched
to access applications or maintain your license
                                                    you will need to create a new login and follow the instructions.









 




next board meeting






january 15, 2025
                                                    deloitte & touche
                                                    8474 rozita lee ave, suite 300
                                                    las vegas nv 89113

                                                



















commitment








 




determination








 




success
















mission statement






the mission of the nevada state board of accountancy is to protect the welfare of the citizens of the state of nevada by assuring the competency of persons licensed as certified public accountants (cpas) and compliance with professional standards by registered cpa firms.  
		 























close
important notice:
as the state begins to re-open following the covid19 pandemic, the governor's office has issued guidance to essential employers.  the board is advising its licensees to follow the guidance as provided in the following links to ensure that everyone has developed a plan to re-open while practicing safe guidelines.        

                                                    business & industry covid website:
http://business.nv.gov/news_media/covid-19_announcements/



                                                    nv health response website:
https://nvhealthresponse.nv.gov/



                                                     
                                                    the best way to reach the board office is to send an email to cpa@nvaccountancy.com or leave a message at (775) 786-0231.  staff will be responding to all messages upon receipt.       
                                                
mail and packages will be delivered to the board's office and will be picked up for processing.  there is limited access to the board office building.        
if you are unable to provide information through telephone, email, mail or fax and you need to come to the office, it is recommended that you call first and arrangements can be made to meet you at a scheduled time.            













© 2024 nevada state board of accountancy - ph: 775-786-0231
disclaimer|complaints|privacy policy|contact information





the nevada state board of accountancy is funded from license fees collected from our licensees. the nevada state board of accountancy does not receive funds from the state general fund.












