



cut-up germany









 





twoday.net > 
      cutupgermany


login |
      
      next blog
      [<<]
    
     
  




cut-up germany
notes from a state that should better be divided among its neighbors












links


volker radke: anti-german for beginnersmy german blog: classless kullainterview on anti-german issueslisa simpson antifascist superheromatthias küntzelmy song about mass historyblowup your nationanti-defamation forum berlintexts by raggacore artist lfo demontransatlantic intelligencerwikipedia on anti-germanmy russian article on redemptive schisms the pinocchio theorydaniel pipes' weblogasayake blogchorismos




users status

you are not logged in.

login




navigation

cut-up germany

galleries:+ sidebar

twoday.net



search

 





wednesday, 21. february 2007


dispiracy theory

currently, i'm translating parts of my (german) texts on conspiracy ideology and conspirationism into english.

the progress of this translation can be watched and criticized in a special blog:

http://dispiracytheory.blogsport.de

daniel kulla - feb 21, 16:09

0 comments - add comment - 0 trackbacks



anti-german guide to germany

as a guest column for the drink-soaked trotskyite popinjays for war, i'm writing an anti-german's guide to germany.

these are the episodes so far:


i on conspirationism
ii on anti-german breakcore
iii on the struggle against locusts
iv on dresden


more on abstract communism, deconstruction and musical unkultur coming up.

daniel kulla - feb 21, 16:00

0 comments - add comment - 0 trackbacks

wednesday, 30. august 2006


'meet the anti-germans'

during the world cup, the anti-germans had a hard time as millions of ordinary germans decorated their balconies in red, gold and black flags; even german dogs wore patriotic colours. at this month's pro-israeli demo, the anti-germans did get to wave a flag, however. the american one. do they ever have any fun? "we don't have much fun," dahlmann concedes. "but we are not ascetics. we drink beer and wine".

luke harding, guardian

daniel kulla - aug 30, 16:59

1 comment - add comment - 0 trackbacks

wednesday, 16. august 2006


finally, somebody does compare bush with the nazis

let's imagine what our world would look like if george w. bush really were a nazi.

first, to the foreign policy:    

* guantanamo bay would, of course, exist. however, it would be receiving constant new shipments of people, because the initial residents would all long since be dead -- worked and starved to death, and then incinerated in crematoria or dumped in mass graves. of course, no journalist or lawyer would be allowed on the premises. except those who had criticized the administration, and they would last no longer than the other prisoners.    
* the new inmates from guantanamo bay -- and the dozens of other camps like it -- would have been swept up during raids in iraq and afghanistan, or in the united states. if they offered the slightest resistance, they would be shot on the spot. once they were packed off into the transport planes, nobody would ever hear of them again. their families would receive a postcard a few months later saying they "died in a work accident."    
* iraq and afghanistan would be filled with large factories producing consumer goods and materiel for the american war effort. the workers would live in secure camps next to the factories, would work 12-15 hours a day for no wages, and would receive food rations well below what they required to stay in good health. i don't even need to mention that the oil would be shipped directly to the united states, and anyone who questioned why iraqis were not being paid for it would be sent immediately to guantanamo, if not simply executedon the spot.    
* to deter insurgent attacks, the u.s. military would round up 50-100 civilians who lived near the site of any attack, line them up against a wall, shoot them. their bodies would be allowed to rot in the sun for a few days to bring the message home, and then the u.s. military would announce the action and its justification in printed arabic posters all over the city.

now, to domestic affairs:    

* bush would be the unquestioned and absolute leader of the united states. there might still be a u.s. congress, but it would be no more than a rubber-stamp, and a shift in power would be inconceivable. bush would have a ruling philosophy called, let's say, bushism. under this philosophy, persons of arab descent would be viewed as inferior and harmful to the human race. they would be locked away in ghettos just outside major u.s. cities; anyone who left the ghetto without authorization would be shot on sight by government guards. their property, jobs, and all civil rights would be stripped of them. eventually, all of them, without a single exception, would be shipped to death factories and incinerated. as at auschwitz, the crematoria would be so busy that their chimneys would have to be regularly unclogged of human fat deposits.    
* there would be no democratic party. it would be an illegal organization, and most of its leaders would be long dead. there would only be the bush republican party. anyone who sought serious career advancement would have to join it. the press, the military, the economic elite, writers, the legal profession, and even the medical profession would all be required to accept basic principles of bushism. although prominent professionals might have some leeway to timidly criticize the party line or refuse to take part in discrimination, most would not have this option. if they openly criticized bush, they would at a minimum lose their jobs, and might well be shipped off to guantanamo or some similar place, never to be heard from again.    
* any media outlet that criticized bush's policies would promptly be shut down by a large, shadowy domestic security agency. their presses and servers would be confiscated and destroyed by the government, and their editors shipped off to guantanamo, probably after a brief show trial in which they confessed that they were traitors or spies who deserved nothing better. the public confessions would be secured by torture and threats against their remaining family members.

(german joys)

daniel kulla - aug 16, 15:27

0 comments - add comment - 0 trackbacks

tuesday, 15. august 2006


nazi battle mc

do you think that the us and israeli intention and goal by attacking lebanon is pulling the trigger for another word war?

poll question on ahmadinejad's blog

daniel kulla - aug 15, 01:58

0 comments - add comment - 0 trackbacks

monday, 14. august 2006


friends like that

what? they thought liberating palestine was going to be achieved with no people dying? helloo, we have to kill 8 million jews to do it, and they are not big fans of getting killed.

(sandmonkey)

daniel kulla - aug 14, 23:08

0 comments - add comment - 0 trackbacks

older stories






anti-german antifa





blogcounter


kostenloser counter





recent updates

anti - german
hello

my name is tal- a student for sociology from...
tal.g - nov 22, 13:46
dispiracy theory
currently, i'm translating parts of my (german) texts...
daniel kulla - feb 21, 16:11
anti-german guide to...
as a guest column for the drink-soaked trotskyite popinjays...
daniel kulla - feb 21, 16:07
'meet the anti-germans'
during the world cup, the anti-germans had a hard time...
daniel kulla - aug 30, 17:01
finally, somebody does...
let's imagine what our world would look like if george...
daniel kulla - aug 16, 15:29



status

online for 7225 days
last update: nov 22, 13:48

  


credits



 






























profil
logout


subscribe weblog




