


fine wood furniture





fine woodwork, furniture,
cabinetry
mykiss fine
woodworking
 


image: detail of miranda
chiffoniers, finished in
the winter of 2004.
 
 

todd stockner

this is a site dedicated mainly to
my love of wood and furniture design. if you love wood and fine
woodwork, you will like this site. within these pages you will find
over a hundred images detailing my works and designs in wood. many
are found in my portfolio, and many others are found in the works in
progress page; with lots to look at inbetween. you will also find
links to my other sites all about steelhead
flyfishing and
birding in northwest british columbia.



portfolio

portfolio 2 (works
from 2002 and beyond)
bric-a-brac....background....contact....works in
progress
the workshop....wood

 





iwoodfish.com
:
mykiss fine
woodworking
mykiss
guiding services
dawn
chorus guesthouse
 
latest update:
january 14, 2006
finally another round of updates
to my various and sundry website projects. this is my most
significant update in several years, so take a look. of note: having
added several new works i felt it was time to start a new porfolio
page, so i now have portfolio 2 which from now on is where all new
works will be documented. in fact this new page begins with work from
2002/2003. (yes it has been that long since any really significant
update has been made to the site)
take care,
todd


a detailed index of a few
relatively recent items of interest: (always changing)

january 2006: portfolio
2: including: the
chiffoniers the
sullivan settee and the secrets of
venus
spring
2001: springtime again
folks and look what the easter bunny is up to!
the
curved desk .....ode
to aphrodite....the
miranda table
the
sullivan table: another
approach to an arts and crafts table. latest
images! updated november
2000.
t-shirts: yes, as
amazing as it sounds...we have merchandise now.
don't go away. instead, take a look, you will be pleasantly
surprised...
the
curved screen july 1999, see also the portfolio
link to view the finished
screen.
lighting: another way to
look at beautiful wood
for anglers only. . .a little fish
picture.
thank you for taking the time to
peruse my offerings, please read and surf on...and the surf is up
right here on this highly interactive site....


a little background information...

i have lived in the kispiox
valley in north-west
british columbia, canada since may of 1994. i make my living
primarily from two sources: my workshop, and as an angling guide. i built a 1500sq. ft. wood shop shortly
after moving here on part of the property my family and i live on.
late fall, winter, and most of the spring have me in the shop
involved with furniture and other woodworking projects; while a good
part of the summer and certainly all of the fall (the fishing season)
has me outside as much as i can (which is alot). it is a kind of
seasonal lifestyle that greatly appeals to me.
my guiding business is a very
steady part of my annual cycle. it is the other part of who i am and
how i live and as a business is always growing and is as vibrant and
dynamic as i can manage. please feel free to have a look at my
web-based annual guiding news letter. . . which
you can get to right here.
the name: mykiss... someone once
called it a "double entendre", which i guess means that it can mean
two things...whatever. i took it because it is from the latin name
for steelhead: onchorynchus
mykiss and is a direct
reference to my other passion: that of fly fishing for steelhead and
more importantly, just being on these wonderful rivers every summer
and fall.
woodwork related background:

my experience in the field of
furniture making and design is a combination of high school, work
experience, self teaching, and the excellent time spent in the
fine
woodworking program at the
college of the redwoods in fort bragg, california in 1989/90. my
instructors: james krenov, michael burns, david welter, and jim
budlong, all had so much to offer. the nine months spent there
greatly influenced my ideas about wood, design, and furniture.


i have pieces in homes all over
north america. i sell my work by commission out of my workshop, and
through several galleries in the pacific north-west in washington
state and in the vancouver area in b.c. 


top of
page....portfolio....bric-a-brac....works in
progress 

the workshop


a few more words...

 


i have many sources of inspiration
when it comes to designing and creating pieces of furniture. they
range from the college of the redwoods, traditional japanese crafts,
some aspects of modernism, art deco, the arts and crafts movement,
and the natural world around me. lately i have been looking closely
at the tremendous carving and artistic heritage of the gitksan
people, the first nations people here in the hazelton/kispiox valley
area in north-west b.c. they have a very long cultural legacy of wood
craft which remains vibrant to this day. 
above all, though, it is the wood
itself that moves me to create. there are few materials that can come
close to the incredible range of colors, textures, and even scents
that the woods of the world possess. it is to allow this material a
voice, one which will live on for generations, which ultimately is my
goal when creating a piece. when the function of the piece is in
harmony with that goal, then i have achieved something good. i
believe my designs have a fairly contemporary, clean line; but i have
never set out to turn the design world on its ear. i don't do avant
garde furniture.
all of my work is constructed in,
and consequently bears the hallmarks of, a european tradition of
cabinet-making. the methods of construction - the dovetails, the mortice and
tenon, dowelling,
frame and
panel, coopering, and veneering- are consistent with this tradition not
because i believe in quaint notions of the "olde tyme country
craftsman", but because these methods are inherently suited to the
nature of the material.
i believe that all craftspeople
live and work in a continuum of ideas. there is essentially no such
thing as originality, we are all connected to one and another, if by
nothing else, our common craft heritage: by the works of those who
have gone before us. their work lives on in the blending of ideas,
new materials, and constant change that drives the force of creation.
what is new is simply the vanguard of what has gone on before.

. . . of course there is always
the influence of your muse. . . but that is another story for
later...
only through diligence, patience,
and serious devotion to one's craft will you acquire the deeper
understanding needed to fully realize and bring into being pieces
which accomplish their functional requirements and at the same time
fully acknowledge the limitations and possibilities of the material.
to do this all with a sense of reverence and yet remain mindful of
the poetic and lyrical possibilities of the material, and turn this
towards the lines that define the forms. . . this is craft, poetry,
and art all realized at once.
there is nothing mysterious about
it: we observe, we feel, we act...we learn. and repeat...spiralling
upward toward a refinement of idea, spirit, and process.


i welcome
your inquiry...

most of the works shown on
   this site are not for sale, they are already out of my hands and
   in the world at large.
if you like what you see, i
   welcome your inquiry via any of the methods of
   communication listed below.
i am always interested in
   entertaining new design ideas, but also it is fun to revisit an
   old idea and try a variation on one of the pieces that are on this
   site. i would emphasize the concept of "variation", as every piece
   is truely unique. i do not get into any kind of production on my
   furniture, and as every piece in some way responds to the woods
   used they inevitably develop a character of their own. that is the
   joy of handmade furniture! 
i am fully capable of digital
   online correspondance, and have been very successful in developing
   design ideas with clients and bringing pieces into fruition all
   through being "wired". the work, "ovals", is one example of an almost completely
   wired exchange of ideas and development of a project this way.
   faxes and email attachments began the process with a hand drawn
   line drawing, then we used the camera to email updates and
   demonstrate mocked-up details. regular email photo updates allowed
   for further discussion as the project progressed. 
having said that, i would add
   that i begin all of my design ideas in the shop, on paper, with a
   pencil. i still feel that for the forms that please me this is a
   more comfortable place to start.
i can send regular updates on
   any works in progress through any of the mentioned means that are
   compatible with your level of "wiredness".






how to reach me:

email:
stockner@bulkley.net
telephone: (250) 842-6401

post: c-62, site m, kispiox valley
rd., hazelton, b.c., v0j 1y0, canada


top of
page....portfolio....bric-a-brac....works in
progress 

the
workshop


links:

my brother kirk:
quantum
construction
a&m
wood
kispiox valley
links:
kispiox.com

kispiox
valley music festival
kispiox
valley watershed coalition
pottery:
paul and carol huel's homepage
carving: caril
chasins


top of
page....portfolio....bric-a-brac

works in
progress .... the
workshop



mykiss fine
woodworking
except as noted, all of
the text, designs, and works on this site are copyright of todd
stockner and all rights to them are reserved. reproduction or
commercial use is prohibited except with express written permission
of the artist. the elephant and chisels logo is a trademark of the
college of the redwoods fine woodworking program. all other
trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their
respective owners. © 2003





fastcounter by linkexchange


