









itunes - apple






















applestoremacipadiphonewatch
visionairpodstv & homeentertainmentaccessoriessupport


0+





itunes



itunes is going places.

download the latest macos for an all‑new entertainment experience. your music, tv shows, movies, podcasts, and audiobooks will transfer automatically to the apple music, apple tv, apple podcasts, and apple books apps where you’ll still have access to your favorite itunes features, including purchases, rentals, and imports.


upgrade to the latest macos


get itunes for windows
microsoft store









itunes
download the latest version for windows.

the latest entertainment apps now come installed with the latest macos. upgrade today to get your favorite music, movies, tv shows, and podcasts. you can join apple music and stream — or download and play offline — millions of songs, ad‑free.

download itunes for windows now (64-bit)

looking for windows 32-bit?
download here



itunes
download the latest version from the microsoft store.
the latest entertainment apps now come installed with the latest macos. upgrade today to get your favorite music, movies, tv shows, and podcasts. you can join apple music and stream — or download and play offline — millions of songs, ad‑free.

itunes for windows







windows system requirements


hardware:

pc with a 1ghz intel or amd processor with support for sse2 and 512mb of ram
to play standard-definition video from the itunes store, an intel pentium d or faster processor, 512mb of ram, and a directx 9.0–compatible video card is required
to play 720p hd video, an itunes lp, or itunes extras, a 2.0ghz intel core 2 duo or faster processor, 1gb of ram, and an intel gma x3000, ati radeon x1300, or nvidia geforce 6150 or better is required
to play 1080p hd video, a 2.4ghz intel core 2 duo or faster processor, 2gb of ram, and an intel gma x4500hd, ati radeon hd 2400, or nvidia geforce 8300 gs or better is required
screen resolution of 1024x768 or greater; 1280x800 or greater is required to play an itunes lp or itunes extras
16-bit sound card and speakers
internet connection to use apple music, the itunes store, and itunes extras
itunes-compatible cd or dvd recorder to create audio cds, mp3 cds, or backup cds or dvds. songs from the apple music catalog cannot be burned to a cd.



software:

windows 10
64-bit editions of windows require the itunes 64-bit installer
400mb of available disk space
some third-party visualizers may no longer be compatible with this version of itunes. please contact the developer for an updated visualizer that is compatible with itunes 12.1 or later.
apple music, itunes store, and itunes match availability may vary by country
apple music trial requires sign-up and is available for new subscribers only. plan automatically renews after trial.





looking for other versions?

macos
windows
microsoft store






itunes is going places.

visit the itunes store on ios to buy and download your favorite songs, tv shows, movies, and podcasts. you can also download the latest macos for an all-new entertainment experience on desktop. your library will transfer automatically to the new apple music app, apple tv, and apple podcasts. and you’ll still have access to your favorite itunes features, including your previous itunes store purchases, rentals, and imports and the ability to easily manage your library.


open the itunes store
get itunes support





music, tv, and podcasts take center stage.

itunes forever changed the way people experienced music, movies, tv shows, and podcasts. it all changes again with three all-new, dedicated apps — apple music, apple tv, and apple podcasts — each designed from the ground up to be the best way to enjoy entertainment on your mac. and rest assured; everything you had in your itunes library is still accessible in each app. icloud seamlessly syncs everything across your devices — or you can back up, restore, and sync by connecting the device directly to your mac.








presenting apple music on mac.


the apple music app is the ultimate music streaming experience on mac.1 explore a library with millions of songs, discover new artists and tracks, find the perfect playlist, download and listen offline, or enjoy all the music you’ve collected over the years. and find it all in your music library on all your devices.

start your free trial
learn more









watch ted lasso on the apple tv app


apple tv. premiering on mac.


the apple tv app for mac is the new home for all your favorite movies, shows, premium channels, and apple tv+. watch everything directly in the app or enjoy it offline, and discover the best of what’s on in the watch now tab. you can even pick up where you left off on any screen, across all your devices. and for the first time, 4k2 and dolby atmos3-supported movies are available on mac.

learn more about the apple tv app
learn more about apple tv+











listen up. podcasts on mac.


more than 700,000 of the best entertainment, comedy, news, and sports shows are now available on your mac with apple podcasts. search for podcasts by title, topic, guest, host, content, and more. subscribe and be notified as soon as new episodes become available. and in the listen now tab, you can easily pick up where you left off across all your devices.










itunes support can help answer your questions
get help with syncing, updating to a more recent version of itunes, or with an itunes store purchase — and much more.
learn more


looking for a previous version of itunes?
download earlier versions of itunes to work with compatible operating systems and hardware.
find previous versions of itunes










apple footer


a subscription is required for the apple music service.
4k, 4k hdr, 4k dolby vision, dolby atmos, and hdr10 content is available on all mac models introduced in 2018 or later with 4k-resolution screens.
dolby atmos is available on mac notebooks introduced in 2018 or later.





apple






music



itunes









shop and learn

shop and learn




store
mac
ipad
iphone
watch
vision
airpods
tv & home
airtag
accessories
gift cards




apple wallet

apple wallet




wallet
apple card
apple pay
apple cash






account

account




manage your apple account
apple store account
icloud.com




entertainment

entertainment




apple one
apple tv+
apple music
apple arcade
apple fitness+
apple news+
apple podcasts
apple books
app store






apple store

apple store




find a store
genius bar
today at apple
group reservations
apple camp
apple store app
certified refurbished
apple trade in
financing
carrier deals at apple
order status
shopping help






for business

for business




apple and business
shop for business




for education

for education




apple and education
shop for k-12
shop for college




for healthcare

for healthcare




apple in healthcare
mac in healthcare
health on apple watch
health records on iphone and ipad




for government

for government




shop for government
shop for veterans and military






apple values

apple values




accessibility
education
environment
inclusion and diversity
privacy
racial equity and justice
supply chain




about apple

about apple




newsroom
apple leadership
career opportunities
investors
ethics & compliance
events
contact apple






			more ways to shop: find an apple store or other retailer near you. or call 1-800-my-apple.


united states


copyright ©
				
				2025
				 apple inc. all rights reserved.
			


privacy policy


terms of use


sales and refunds


legal


site map












