




long beach school of music - private lessons rock camps and instruction in piano guitar drums voice saxophone flute clarinet bass classical jazz blues certificate of merit guild audition exam preparation










 
 

long beach school of music


 
 
3840 woodruff avenue, suite 109, long beach, california 90808  |  (310) 918-0439 


 
 


homeschoolers: long beach school of music is an approved vendor for
 sky mountain, excel academy, ilead, inspire, community collaborative, cabrillo point, mission vista & golden valley charter 
                                              










 
lessons
free online guitar lessons 
advanced piano 


schedule & fees 
about
special needs 











 






home
piano programs 
rock camps 
music lessons 
music teachers 
newsletter
recitals
schedule & fees
photos & video 
about us 
the school owners
guitar lessons with mark fitchett
piano lessons with lisa kato 
 
 
serving the communities of el dorado park estates, bixby knolls, belmont shore, the plaza, park estates, los alamitos, lakewood, cerritos, garden grove, cypress, bellflower, compton, huntington beach, seal beach and sunset beach
 
long beach school of music is located next to heartwell park and golf course, off of carson street, off of the 605 san gabriel freeway. 

long beach school of music is located at 3840 woodruff avenue, suite 109, long beach, ca 90808  |  (562) 627-0464
 

 
why music education matters















      custom search
    




register now 2023-2024






            we teach online via zoom and facetime. 
in person (as per local regulations)  lesson times are available. call
(310) 918-0439








 
vocal lessons with lyndia johnson 
long beach school of music is excited to announce a collaboration with renowned vocal coach lyndia johnson. call 310-918-0439
or email
info@sterlingvoicecoaching.com
for special long beach school of music student discount. 
 learn to play music now 
even for someone with no prior musical experience our easy to follow instruction makes learning uncomplicated and fun – pretty much effortless.

    every instructor at long beach school of music is committed to finding the approach that works best for each person, and is patient and encouraging. students can work at their own pace so they never have to feel stressed out.

    pick the style of music and songs you want to play. we offer programs in classical, jazz, blues rock & pop styles. 
ask yourself this question:
“how would it feel to be able to play an instrument right now?” 
		      awesome! that’s the usual answer. imagine the amazed look on your friends and family’s faces if you picked up your instrument right this instant and started playing yours and everyone’s favorite songs with no effort whatsoever. 
general rates, schedule & fees 
1/2 hour = $30 = $120 per month (four weeks)
		      1 hour = $60 = $ 240 per month (four weeks)
piano rates, schedule & fees 
1/2 hour = $40 = $160 per month (four weeks)
    1 hour = $80 = $ 320 per month (four weeks)

hours of operation
monday-friday, 2 - 9 pm saturday and sunday flexible schedule 
    alternate lesson times are sometimes available depending on individual instructor schedules. call us with your specific time requests.
back to top 




         
free online guitar lessons here 
click here for
2013 priority registration 
testimonials
"i really enjoy my lessons each week and my instructor always knows how to adapt to my interests...keeps me motivated to keep playing!"
"the lessons have helped me get into playing after so many years. it has also me to understand further in detail how things are put together."
"we have had a wonderful experience with your method of instruction."
"everyone is very friendly, patient and interested in music! jenny doesn't feel pressured. she wants to enjoy taking lessons and she does. it's relaxed and fun. thank you for your great school!"
—satisfied students & parents
location & facility
long beach school of music is minutes away from the 405 and 605 freeways, right next to heartwell park, less than half a mile from the long beach town centre. centrally located in the middle of long beach's bixby knolls, el dorado park estates, and college park estates neighborhoods; convenient for residents of lakewood, cerritos, cypress, los alamitos and rossmoor.


1928 julius bauer grand piano in studio b
student population
facts about long beach school of music students:
      one out of four students is an adult studying music for personal enrichment. we have a higher percentage of adult students than any other music school or independent teaching studio.
our students come from the following cities: long beach, bellflower, cerritos, lakewood, compton, carson, south gate, whittier, cypress, la palma, los alamitos, rossmoor, seal beach, and huntington beach.
www.getlessons.net
why choose long beach school of music?
our music schools are run with the philosophy that all students are not alike and should be educated in the way that is most helpful to the student; that group or classroom instruction is not as individualized as most students need in order for them to achieve the greatest success; and finally, that all instruction should be on a one-on-one basis so as to fully focus on a students specific needs and interests.
programs and activities

piano
  certificate of merit
  national piano guild
  piano master classes
  performance workshops
  piano recitals
  southwestern youth music festival
  adult performance seminar
  southern california junior bach festival
  sonata / sonatina festival
  music teachers' association of california state convention
 clinics & workshops
guitar

  guitar effects; what they are and how to use them
  playing in a jam band
  soloing technique on guitar bass and piano
  styles
  blues jams
  improvisation classes 
 back to top 
 

		      consultations
there will be instructors available (in person or by phone) if students need extra help on their assignments.
recitals and workshops
recitals with a live band for guitar, drum, keyboard and bass students. we've put together professional bands,and presented programs of student performances on a sunday afternoon.
recitals are ongoing events up to four times a year. as well, we hold smaller informal in-studio recitals for less experienced students, and younger students.  
		    click here for pictures of the guitar school recital

for information about the school's classical piano and jazz piano program click on piano lessons.

all styles — all levels — all ages
guitar recitals
    piano recitals
    workshops
    performance technique
    sight reading
    improvisation
    song writing
    composition & arranging
    advanced technique
    preschool music program
    rock school summer camp
    homeschool music
master classes & guest artists
long beach school of music instructors perform small informal concerts for current students. various guest artists teach master classes in classical piano, 
		        jazz piano, and jazz ensemble performance.

	          jam sessions 
jam sessions are opportunities to get together with other student musicians and teachers and play. all students are welcome to come and listen.

      guitar instructional material
the school has been supplying guitar and bass students with the necessary material for a low fee so there is usually no need to buy extra books. we help choose the right lesson material that is appropriate for each individual.
more reasons to choose 
		    long beach school of music 
		& the long beach guitar school:
greater variety of programs than most music schools
    great location & atmosphere
		    professional instructors
		    specialties that include:
		    reading music (standard notation and tablature)
		    writing music
		    composition
		    improvisation
		    styles
		    songwriting
		    music theory
		    rock school summer camp
		    homeschool programs
the guitar school
can you teach yourself guitar from 
books, dvds and youtube? 
yes you can. beginning guitar at least is not advanced rocket science, and yes most of you could teach yourself a bunch of chords, learn some basic songs and learn to read tablature to pick up some cool riffs to impress your friends. all you've got to do is wade through the hundreds of thousands of free lesson, tab and video sites available.
in fact if that's all you want to do great, mission accomplished, and at no cost to you. don't read any further. this article is aimed at the persons that want to become good at the guitar.
getting what you paid for 
the big issue is that so much information in "web land" is presented by total beginners, who in reality, are not qualified and could never actually get a job teaching in a real music studio. that's not to say that there's not some really great lessons expertly presented. however, this leads to a major problem. how do you know what to follow? the short answer is you don't.
to me, as a professional guitar coach who has been at it many years before the internet, i find most of the information my students download and bring to lesson totally laughable. 99% of the time it is so bad that i just tell them to not bother bringing it in anymore. i tell students is that if you like a certain artist buy their tab book, and i will help them through it. the same goes for youtube lessons.
the argument against online guitar education applies to books and cd/dvd methods as well. the difference is that the information is more than likely presented by a knowledgeable expert.
self-teaching 
ok, lets' assume you've actually found a few reputable sources online. the three biggest obstacles with doing it yourself is that 
1 you don't always where to start, 
2 sometimes it's hard to tell if you are doing it right, and 
3 having the discipline on your own to keep up the follow through. 
for many this very frustrating and a lot of potential players give up and blame themselves. just trust me on this, most of the time it's not you.
self taught famous guys? 
ok that's really easy. quit your job, camp on various friend's sofas, starve, play guitar 16 hours a day, starve some more. do that for a few years and you'll probably get really good. next! seriously most people starting out aren't able to put so much much time into so lessons are a shortcut. a good instructor can offer insights that he or she has gathered over the years.
get an instructor 
the biggest advantage of having an instructor in front of you is that when your frustration is at a high point and everything sounds bad, it's really useful to have someone tell you "it's ok, it should sound like that at this point, and in fact you are doing everything right," or,” here are a couple of corrections so just keep practicing and it will work." the teacher also has the ability try multiple approaches that online lessons, method books, cds and dvds cannot.
summary 

online, how do you know if the information is correct?
online, you don't always know if you are doing things right.
an instructor can modify their approach to your learning style.
an instructor can be asked questions.
an instructor can demonstrate many ways.

so while i think it's fun and challenging to teach yourself and by all means go ahead and keep doing it, but do yourself a favor and check in with a good teacher once in a while, if not on a regular basis to keep you on track. autism spectrum disorder & special needs 
for the last several years our instructors have had many opportunities to work with special needs children, especially those with autism spectrum disorder.
our music schools are run with the philosophy that all students are not alike and should be educated in the way that is most helpful to the student; that group or classroom instruction is not as individualized as most students need in order for them to achieve the greatest success; and finally, that all instruction should be on a one-on-one basis so as to fully focus on a students specific needs and interests.
this customized approach to teaching fits the special needs students since no one program or approach will benefit all students, special needs or not. one-on-one music lessons in a regular music school environment are an opportunity for these students to participate in a mainstream activity without the distraction of other students in the room.

      example of works-in-progress
       recital

              chris p. - guitar
              instructor: tim wingate
“let it be” by the beatles
kasey m– guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
“wish you were here” by pink floyd
alex w - guitar
		    instructor: tim wingate
		“bony-uar stomp” by led zepplin
kaelee e– guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		    all american rejects song
theresa k– bass, jake larsen – guitar & ralph le clerque – guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett & tim wingate
		“blues jam”
marshall c– guitar
		    instructor: tim wingate
		“tangerine” by led zepplin
cody d– piano
		    instructor: lisa kato
		“smoke on the water” by deep purple
ryan s– guitar & jim cody - bass
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“iron man” by black sabbath
reikin l - guitar
		    instructor: dan krier
		“let it be” solo by the beatles
adam & kyle g– guitars
		    instructor: ryan faye
		“help” by the beatles
ashleigh t– guitar
		    instructor: david green
“cradle song” by brahms
katelyn h
		    instructor: dan krier
		“horse with no name” by america
cory – guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“crazy train” by ozzy osbourne 
zach – guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
“daytripper” by the beatles
brian c– bass
		    instructor: tony alvarez
		“black magic woman” by peter green (as performed by santana)
ivan k – guitar
		    instructor: dan krier
“pipeline”
kylie b– guitar & vocals
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“smoke on the water” by deep purple
michael k– guitar & shant ohanessian - bass
		“d jam” original improvisation
		    instructor: mark fitchett & tony alvarez
miles & austin l – dobro & banjo
		    instructors: mark shark & mark fitchett
		“wildwood flower”
jordan d– guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“pinball wizard” by the who


every instructor is committed to finding the approach that works best for each person, and is patient and encouraging. students can work at their own pace so they never have to feel stressed out.
pick the style of music and songs you want to play. whether it’s songs from the rock band and guitar hero video games, classical, jazz, blues – you name it, we’ll teach it.

young children
for parents that want their children to do more than sit around watching tv or playing video games, music lessons may be the answer.
it's not just about music lessons. it's about developing life skills.
parents who enroll their kids in music lessons are encouraging their children to get involved in a productive, educational activity which is culturally enriching, and which develops the brain, intellect, motor skills, self-esteem and discipline.

		    benefits: 
		    education, development of work habits and discipline. getting the child away from the tv, video games, and hanging out at the mall.

      advanced music students
beyond the basics, many musicians feel that they aren't progressing fast enough in their knowledge and playing abilities; or that what they've learned seems scattered and unrelated.
for all instrumentalists
blues, rock and jazz improvisation; performance skills, and practical music theory are all taught.
topics include improvisational techniques, scales beyond the basic major and minor, phrasing, chord progressions, progressive scale techniques, arpeggios, intervals, advanced chord construction, rhythm, scale and chord theory, definitions, transposition and musical styles.
we believe that the majority of students get more out of their music lessons and progress at a much faster rate if they can learn the styles of music that they love. every student is taught the same fundamentals in regards to music theory and technique. the only difference is, is that one person may be taught their "do re mi's" with their favorite rock band while another may learn the same basic theory, but with traditional classical repertoire..
music instruction
all ages, styles & skill levels

      instructors
here is a list of our music teachers and instruments taught. the location for each teacher is subject to change, per the teacher's schedule. click on the instrument you are interested in to see the instructors. all lessons are one-on-one.
piano | guitar | drums | bass | voice | woodwinds | trumpet | violin
bass teachers

instructor: tony alvarez
		      redondo beach - electric bass guitar, acoustic bass lessons, improvisation and music theory
instructor: mark fitchett
redondo beach, palos verdes & long beach
 
		    drum teachers

instructor: mark fitchett 
		      drum lessons, drum set, percussion, technique
instructor: allen ellis
		    long beach - drum & vibraphone lessons, drum set, percussion, technique
guitar teachers

instructor: mark fitchett
(school owner) 
		      redondo beach, palos verdes & long beach - electric guitar, acoustic guitar, bass guitar, banjo, songwriting, composition and improvisation lessons. rock school summer camp
        blues, jazz, rock, country. 
 about mark
instructor: james christopher
		    long beach location only - electric guitar, acoustic guitar, songwriting, composition and improvisation lessons. jazz, rock, blues guitar.
		    rock school summer camp
		    band leader, james christopher band (contemporary jazz). see recent performance at long beach jazz festival...
instructor: dan krier
		    redondo beach, palos verdes & long beach
electric guitar, acoustic guitar, songwriting, composition and improvisation lessons, ukulele
      blues, jazz, rock, country. band leader, black plate kings (blues band).
instructor: clint ellis
		    long beach - electric guitar, acoustic guitar. jazz, rock,
		    rock school summer camp
woodwind teachers
 instructor: terje lije (pronounced "terry lee")
        redondo beachlocation only - all levels, classical through jazz. soprano, tenor and alto saxophone, flute, clarinet, improvisation. jazz, blues, rock, funk. certificate of merit exams.
instructor: mike reznick (more info- click here)
		    long beach - all levels, classical through jazz. soprano, tenor and alto saxophone, flute, clarinet, improvisation. jazz, blues, rock, funk
piano teachers

instructor: lisa michiko kato
(school owner) 
      redondo beach, long beach & rancho palos verdes- classical and jazz piano lessons, rock and pop piano lessons, music teachers' association of california, certificate of merit, national piano teachers' guild-american college of musicians, southern california junior bach festival (scjbf), southwestern youth music festival (symf), sonata / sonatina festival, long beach mozart festival, adult performance program. classical, blues, jazz and rock piano 
about lisa
instructor: susan high 
		    long beach - intermediate through advanced classical piano lessons, music teachers' association of california-long beach branch, certificate of merit, southern california junior bach festival (scjbf), southwestern youth music festival (symf), sonata / sonatina festival, long beach mozart festival. also teaches piano performance boot camp, monthly piano performance classes, workshops and master classes.
instructor: leeora kronen
		    redondo beach & long beach - beginning-intermediate piano lessons, music teachers' association of california-long beach branch, certificate of merit, national piano teachers' guild-american college of musicians. jazz, pop style piano, chord chart reading and improvisation.
instructor: erika snow
		    redondo beach & long beach - beginning-advanced piano lessons, solfeggio, sight reading, music theory, technique
instructor: mark fitchett 
redondo beach & long beach - beginning piano lessons, sight reading, music theory, technique
voice teachers

lisa kato 
erika snow
mark fitchett 
 trumpet teachers
		    nick chaffee
		    long beach
		    jazz, classical, rock, r&b
		    at our music schools, we are dedicated to providing our students with the best possible learning environment.
our highly knowledgeable teachers are committed to finding the approach that works best for each individual.
whether a student just wants to learn enough to have fun playing a few favorite songs, or is an aspiring professional, our instructors will develop a customized music lesson plan especially tailored to fit their specific musical needs and interests. all lessons are one-on-one
our instructors include university graduates, as well as working professionals with many years of performing, recording and teaching experience.
 rates, schedule & fees
1/2 hour lessons on all instruments,
      $40 per class, $160 per month or $200 if there are 5 weeks
1 hour lessons on all instruments,
		    $80 per class, $320 per month or $400 if there are 5 weeks
advanced level rates, schedule & fees
1/2 hour = $40 = $160 per month (four weeks)
  1 hour = $80 = $ 320 per month (four weeks)
tuition for the month is paid in full at the beginning of each month.
all legitimate cancellations will taken as make-ups only and not credited to the following month's tuition.
note: some instructor's rates may be higher depending on their specialties.
ten questions regarding guitar instruction
1) "how much do i have to practice?"
many are under the impression that hours upon hours per week are needed to get good at playing the guitar.
		    unless you are planning on being a guitar superstar in the first few weeks, this is simply not true. if you can find
		    20 minutes to an hour a day, four or five days out of the week, you will noticeably progress. generally, students
		    find the more they accomplish, the more they are encouraged to practice.
2) "what if i have no musical talent?"
some worry about being "tone deaf" or that they have "no rhythm." something we truly believe is that everyone
		    has some sort of innate musical talent. initially, some may appear to have it more obviously than others, but
		    there are many instances when a student who seemed to be not getting it at first became the one that surpassed the rest.
3) "what if i don't have a guitar?"
guitars can be purchased relatively inexpensively. for under $300 one can get a decent acoustic guitar, or an
		    electric guitar and a small amplifier. used instruments can even be less.
4) "what if i don't know how to read music?"
we can teach you, and our instructors will make it an enjoyable learning process. however, since most of what guitar
		    does in popular styles is rhythm accompaniment, beginning guitar is usually is taught through a variety of other methods
    that make more sense to that style. as a student progresses beyond the beginning stages they will find that reading music
    is useful for more advanced musical understanding. students are encouraged to make reading a part of their learning experience.
5) "what if i've never played a musical instrument before?"
learning a musical instrument does not require any background. ultimately every musician has started from zero.
		    all that is necessary is the desire, and a willingness to practice.
6) "what if my hands or fingers are too big or too small?"
it is extremely rare that this ever true. once a student realizes what needs to be stretched and how to work on this
		    then they find that it's not as difficult as they imagined. having a qualified instructor look at the individual is recommended.
7) "why can't i teach myself?"
we are of the opinion that instructional materials such as videos, dvds, internet downloads, books and cds, regardless 
		    of how good they are produced, are best studied with a competent teacher. it's not the student's fault! as good as these
		    learning aids may be, the problem is, is that you can't ask them questions. since everyone learns differently, there may be 
		    an issue if the method utilized by the various instructional materials is not one that works for you. this is where the experienced
		    private instructor who can customize their approach to the individual enters into the picture. once the basics have been mastered,
		    then the various instructional materials available are much easier to deal with.
8) "how long will i have to take lessons before i can play anything?"
although this is a tricky question to answer because every student is different, the average is between two to four weeks
		    before a student can start playing some simpler songs.
9) "how long to i have to keep taking lessons?"
our goal is to make the student self-sufficient so that after they learn the basics they can teach themselves. this could happen
		    after just a few lessons. one doesn't necessarily need to keep taking lessons to learn enough to become a competent player.
		    however, once a student gets involved in the guitar they often find that they enjoy the learning process so much that they want
		    to keep it up and study techniques beyond the basic chordal accompaniment styles.
10) "can you learn anything in a group class?"
yes, group classes can be useful as an introduction to playing an instrument. the problem is that everyone learns differently.
		    this makes it difficult for an instructor to address each student's individual concerns as most group classes tend to be short
		    and have a large number of students.
the guitar school
back to the top
l&m music school locations
long beach  |  rancho palos verdes  |  redondo beach  |  rolling hills 

rock band 101 music students perform at club 705 restaurant in hermosa beach, ca.   rock band 101 (click here)
2008 state convention
six of our piano students received honors at the 2008 music teachers' association of california state convention. more...
certificate of merit results
click here for long beach and south bay student honor roll, state convention, branch honors recital lists.
private lessons
ages 5 to 12
"we are so amazed at how wonderfully our girls are playing and how quickly they've progressed..."  testimonials 
teens
"i appreciate that my piano teacher doesn’t force me to play repertoire that i hate. i love that i can bring in my favorite songs to the lessons and learn how to play them on the piano. i’ve learned how to play songs by guns’n’roses, metallica, ozzy osborne, van halen, boston, journey, the eagles, and led zeppelin.”  testimonials 
adults
"excellent teaching skill. you have helped me enjoy my guitar playing more with customized lessons...from theory to helping me figure out my favorite songs. thank you!"  testimonials 
what is certificate of merit?
click here for more information about the certificate of merit program.
winners of the national piano guild five year composer award
		    click here for long beach and redondo beach national piano guild five year winners and for general national piano guild results.
what is national piano guild?
click here for more information about the national piano guild program.
the guitar school at long beach school of music
 long beach guitar school is located in suite 111 of the long beach school of music.  find out more about long beach guitar school's exceptional program of guitar, bass and drum lessons.
what kind of music motivates you?
these are some of the musical styles taught at our music schools:
classical | jazz | modern rock | rhythm & blues | campfire guitar | country | pop | folk | blues | gospel | swing | rockabilly | funk | punk | classic rock | heavy metal | reggae | ska | fingerstyle guitar | progressive rock | fusion
community involvement
long beach school of music students, teachers and staff care about the communities in which we live.
...performing at the lakewood mall to raise money for the music teachers' association of california long beach branch piano fund.
...gift certificates donated to raise money for the newcomb academy pta
click here to find out what else we are doing!

		    south bay school of music & the redondo beach 
		    guitar school 
		    1712 s. pacific coast highway
		    redondo beach, ca 90277 
		    (310) 540-6767
		    (corner of palos verdes drive and pch)
guitar school and south bay school of music serve the south bay area including palos verdes, rolling hills estates, rancho palos verdes, palos verdes estates, torrance, hermosa beach, manhattan beach, redondo beach, lomita, el segundo, hawthorne, lawndale, san pedro, wilmington, harbor city, gardena, hawthorne and carson.
peninsula school of music & guitar school of rancho palos verdes 

one-on-one instruction
we teach the songs and the styles of music that you want to learn.
		    long beach school of music offers a greater variety of styles than taught in most music schools and studios. 
		    you can see from this partial list of songs
		    from our various recitals, that there is a wide 
		    range of styles & artists covered.

		      works in progress recital
karrie mcgillivray: guitar 
		    instructor: tim wingate
“the alphabet song” 
chris pierce: guitar 
		    instructor: tim wingate
		“c minor blues” 
jenny oetzell: guitar 
		    instructor: tim wingate
		“boulevard of broken dreams” by green day 
austin smith: guitar 
		    instructor: beau simpson
		“amazing grace” 
bryce moulton: guitar
		    instructor: dan krier
		“when september ends” by green day 
ronny hafeza: guitar
		    instructor: dan krier
		“you shook me all night long” by ac/dc 
genal ramacieri: bass
		    instructor tony alverez
		“blues” by taj mahal 
katie mcgillivray: piano
		    instructor: lisa kato
		“morning”
		“penguin blues” 
johnny dean: guitar 
		    instructor: beau simpson
		“comfortably numb” by pink floyd 
nick varga: guitar
		    instructor: dan kier
		“little sister” by elvis 
garrett pankratz: guitar
		    instructor: mark shark
		“under the bridge” by red hot chili peppers 
chris coshow: bass
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		    donna butler: vocals
		“what is and never should be” by led zepplin 
john tailor & ralph leclerque: guitar
		    theresa kammermeier: bass, donna butler: vocals
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“blues jam” by students 
kylee butler: guitar & vocals
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“born to be wild” by steppenwolf
eric ross: guitar
		    instructor: dan krier
		“sultans of swing” by dire straights 
		    2006 spring jam recital
		    ivan knowles
		    instructor – dan krier
		“purple haze”
		    by jimi hendrix
eric ross
		    instructor – dan krier
		    by dire straights
chris coshow – bass
		    instructor – mark fitchett
		"jam"
theresa kammermeier – bass
		    instructor – mark fitchett
		“blues”
ralph leclerque – guitar
		    instructor – mark fitchett
		“major jam”
roy hetherington – guitar
		    instructor – james christopher
		“roy’s boogie”
brian – bass
		    instructor – tony alvarez
		“is this love?”
		    by bob marley
daniel boyd – bass
		    instructor – tony alvarez
		“blue bossa”
kevin larsen – bass
		    instructor – tony alvarez
		“cheap sunglasses”
		    by zz top
genel ramacieri – bass
		    instructor – tony alvarez
		“material world”
		    by the police
leonard hatch – guitar
		    instructor – tim wingate
		“e-jam blues”
roya & dean backlund – guitar
		    instructor – mark shark
		“wonderwall”
		    by oasis
jim cody – bass
		    instructor – mark fitchett
		“funk jam”
jessica stonefield – bass
		    instructor – tony alvarez
		“dedication”
sean bena – guitar
		    instructor – ryan faye
		“chitlins con carne”
		    by kenny burrell
jeff peterman – guitar
		    instructor – tim wingate
brian berliner – guitar
		    instructor – mark fitchett
		“mary had a little lamb”
		    by stevie ray vaughn
steve burchinger – guitar
		    instructor – mark fitchett
		“rock jam”
seji sakai – guitar
		    instructor – david green
		“emi jam”

            guitar school spring jam set list 3/20/04
            suzy’s bar & grill
            hermosa beach, ca
            andre ioannou – bass
            instructor: tony alvarez
        “all you do is bring me down” by the the mavericks

            jeff jameson – bass
            instructor: tony alvarez
        “don’t tell me” by taj mahal
kylee butler – vocals
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“born to be wild” by steppenwolf
donna butler – guitar & vocals
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“wild horses” by the rolling stones
molly miller – guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
“fire” by jimi hendrix
cody dill – piano
		    instructor: lisa kato
		“smoke on the water” by deep purple
kim kenson – guitar
		    instructor: ryan faye
		“highway to hell” by ac/dc
scott rasak – guitar
		    instructor: tim wingate
		“little wing” by jimi hendrix
kenny ledford – guitar
		    instructor: tim wingate
		“summer song” by joe satriani
marcello guarro – guitar
		    instructor: david green
		“pepper jam” by marcello guarro

            matt borgielli – guitar
            instructor: beau simpson
        “panama” by van halen
chuck wilson – guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“pickin’ on country blues” by chuck & mark
luke lawson – guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“django” by john lewis
miles & austin lillard – dobro & banjo
		    instructors: mark shark & mark fitchett
		“wildwood flower” traditional
daniel theyer – guitar
		“goat head” by daniel theyer
		    instructor: mark fitchett

            ivan knowles – guitar
            instructor: dan krier
“pipeline” by the ventures
michael katzer – guitar, scott wilson – guitar & shant ohanessian - bass
		    instructors: mark fitchett & tony alvarez
		“d jam” original improvisation
eric matarrese – guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“red clay” by freddie hubbard
theresa kammermeier – bass, joquim santana – guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett & tony alvarez
		“blues jam” by the band
emily bergen – guitar
		    instructor: mark fitchett
		“black bird” by the beatles
tony collette – guitar
		    instructor: david green
		“your mother ripped (me off)” by tony collette















 
 
lessons  |  teachers  |  newsletter  |  jobs  |  about us 



 
 
 


 
 
long beach school of music | (562) 627-0464
3840 woodruff ave, #109, long beach, ca 90808


 
 
 



other l&m music locations:  peninsula school of music   |  south bay school of music   |  guitar school of rolling hills



 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 





