


welcome to whip city bmx!


















 




  getting started in bmx
 
 registration at whip city
 
 all about motos
 
 levels of competition
 
 bmx equipment
 
 track points
 
 the race for life
 
 ma state champ series
 
photos
&
video
 
 how you can help
 
contact
us
 
directions
 
faqs
usa bmx
microsite
 
 past/present
sponsors:
  
 





westfield
auto parts














  



whip city bmx




 


 
 like us for pictures, updates on
points, events, reminders and more! 


track news 




 
• please be advised of significant changes to the usa bmx rules starting in 2025.  read about them here.we have posted our final track points standings for 2024 and you can find them on our track points page. 
• volunteers
are needed during all race events!!  please see us at the
track
during registration to volunteer.  we may need assistance in
some
or all of the following areas: registration, staging (practice and
racing), announcing, scoring, trophy tickets, corner marshalls,
covering the track after the races, etc.  no experience
necessary
- we can show you what to do!
a reminder to
all new and returning riders that a usa bmx membership is $80, which is
good for one year.  for memberships completed at the track we
can
only accept cash.
for all that raced at least once in 2023,
please be sure to change to your new district plate number. 
you
can find your district number in the usa bmx points standings.
 choose year 2023, usa, district ma01 for western ma, and then
pick the appropriate group for your rider(s).  your number is
to
the left of your name and represents your ranking in the district
points standings.






...did you know??
when each race is completed
the results are posted to our usa bmx microsite.  check out
your finishes here.

if you're new
to the sport and looking for
more information, our getting
started webpage is a great tool to review.


• if you use
instagram, please follow us @whipcity_bmx. 
we will
re-post our announcements there and will try to get some photos up
during the season, or you can tag us in your own photos!! 

 
•
did you know??  every household that has an active usa bmx
membership gets a free subscription to pull magazine, the official
publication of usa bmx!  our track was featured in their october 2017 issue.
 check it out!!!

•
make sure to bring your usa bmx membership card each week when you sign
up for racing!!  as an added measure, take a picture of your
card
with your phone, save
a photocopy in
your glove box, get an extra copy
using your account on usabmx.com, or all of the above!
 
•  important reminder
about plate numbers:  a
rider’s current earned or sanction issued
number must appear on that rider’s number plate during all
competition.  examples of earned numbers include district,
state, national age group, national, gold cup, race of champions, pro
numbers, etc. – these numbers change every year and represent each
rider’s hard work at earning their ranking.  on the other
hand, your sanction issued number is generally the last three digits of
your serial number. (see pages 17-18 of the usa bmx
rulebook for additional details).  if you are not
running your sanction issued number, you need to update your plate each
year with an earned number - running an outdated earned number is not
permissible.  we will be enforcing this rule at all whip city
events.  if you need to update your plate, please do so before
your next event; plates and numbers are commonly available from our
local on site bike shop vendor  on friday evenings.
 another alternative is to attach a “pie plate” to your bike
with written numbers if you are not able to update your plate before
the next race.  if you would like to check your current
district ranking, please  
visit the usa bmx website.     



•  it is very important to bring the paper
receipt you received for your new or renewed license
until you receive your permanent card - the
combination of the 8 digit (all numeric) serial number as well as your
4 digit validation code is especially important when you travel to
other tracks to race.  you will need to present this receipt
at any usa bmx track to register. tip: take a copy of your paper
receipt and put it with your race equipment, or in all of your vehicle
consoles, etc. be creative to make sure that you are never without it! 


 



save
time at registration!  download a page filled with four
separate sign-up forms; complete the forms at home (either on your
computer or by hand), cut them out, and have them ready to go when you
get to registration!   microsoft word template
or pdf
template





if
we cancel racing before 4pm (for friday events) or before 8am (for
saturday events), we will post it on facebook as well as on this
webpage.  this doesn't guarantee that we won't have to cancel
just before an event or during the event due to the weather, but we
will do our best to post any foreseen cancellations here. 


our 2024 season has ended.  please
check our
facebook page for
any further details.
 
 
please
note:  
   


  
**alcoholic
beverages are not allowed at any
whip city bmx event.**

charcoal
grills, open fires, camp fires, etc. are prohibited on fairgrounds
property at whip city bmx.

 
all
dogs must be leashed and kept on the "whip city side" of the
fairgrounds (not beyond the main road leading to the registration area).

 
 
 
 
whip
city bmx is a usa bmx sanctioned bicycle motocross track, located at
the westfield fairgrounds in westfield, massachusetts.
  


 









