ï»¿



the historic gastonian | luxury boutique historic inn in savannah































































toggle navigation









call us today: (912) 232-2869


accommodations

add wine + gifts to your room


food & wine
packages
area guide

things to do
map
directory for in-house guests


savannah weddings 

elopements
vow renewals
honeymoon suite
oglethorpe penthouse suite
wedding photo gallery
request information


photos
about the gastonian

accolades
guest reviews
review us


gifts


















check in









check out








rooms



adults



children



submit button

check availability





















book now

800.322.6603







×
book your stay




have a question?
800.322.6603














 


book now


map & directions


contact us


faqs


ada statement


historic inns of savannah










book now














×
hurricane dorian





hey friends, 
due to the forecasted path of hurricane dorian and chatham county's mandatory evacuation, the gastonian will be closed until thursday so our guests and staff can prepare and be safe. we'll re-open as soon as possible, and we look forward to seeing you after the storm! 
the gastonian team


















welcome to the gastonian
savannah's finest b&b








where history & hospitality meet
>> book your stay








for a true savannah experience
>> book your stay








for getaways and celebrations
>> book your stay













savannah's #1 hotel on tripadvisor
one of savannah's most elegant and grand mansions, the gastonian consists of two beautifully restored 1868 residential homes on gaston street.  our guests enjoy delicious food, luxurious guest rooms, and warm southern hospitality that makes for memorable moments.  come discover why the gastonian was voted one of the best small, romantic hotels in the usa in 2022 and 2023, and is currently ranked as savannah's #1 hotel on tripadvisor.





 

 
 








savannah elopement & small wedding packages
the gastonian has several savannah elopement and small wedding packages that will make your special day a dream come true.  whether you're looking for a simple ceremony for two, or a sweet gathering of your closest friends and family, the gastonian's elopement options were designed to help you have the perfect day.
learn more







savannah's best hotel


featured in travel + leisure, 2024
the best hotels in savannah
"this historic inn, just two blocks from the famous forsyth park, is so charming that it’s a favored location for small weddings. housed in two regency-italianate-style mansions built in 1868, it offers a romantic, historic atmosphere with a blend of modern comfort that keeps it from feeling spooky or outdated. the 17 rooms are all individually designed, featuring luxurious touches like fireplaces, vintage decor, and deep, claw-foot soaking tubs. guests are treated to gourmet, made-to-order breakfasts, and the daily offerings continue with afternoon wine and hors d’oeuvres, followed by evening desserts and port. its warm, attentive service, including concierge and turndown, adds to the cozy, elegant vibe.
its quiet, residential location makes it a peaceful escape while still being central, and we love that the gastonian’s amenities include complimentary parking. the inn offers wedding packages for couples seeking an intimate ceremony in their plant-filled outdoor garden space with a fountain, but it’s also a great option for any couple’s weekend in savannah."

                    experience the gastonian
               






 

































stay in a mansion
you'll find the gastonian nestled in one of savannah's most charming residential neighborhoods near forsyth park.  it's the perfect place for romantic occasions, weddings, elopements & anniversaries, food and wine enthusiasts, and anyone who would like to relax in a neighborhood filled with beautiful homes and gardens.
book your stay








 
 
"romantic stay at the gastonian
it was my wife's and my 5th wedding anniversary and the first time we were not with kids. the gastonian staff made the stay very special for us. we will never forget it."
tripadvisor guest review - 07/22/2024
check dates for your stay

 












sleep in luxury
each of the 17 rooms at the gastonian features comfortable beds, private bathrooms, and sitting areas.  details range from brilliant chandeliers and clawfoot tubs to private balconies and spacious tall ceilings.  each has a working fireplace for winter romance, and comfortable robes for year-around relaxing.
view rooms








 
 
"gracious hospitality
the gastonian is a charming, victorian b&b in the prettiest historic area of savannah. its staff showed a high standard of southern hospitality, making suggestions we would not have thought of. our room and bath were spacious and well-appointed.  the specially-prepared breakfasts, happy hours and dessert hours made our two-day stay perfect. we hope to return."
tripadvisor guest review -7/23/2024
check dates for your stay

 












walk to the squares, parks, and sites
the gastonian is just two blocks from forsyth park and is within easy walking distance to a number of city squares. it's a five-minute walk down lincoln street to colonial park cemetery, and from there, just a few blocks to the juliet gordon low birthplace. gaston street is a pleasant residential street with lots of photo opportunities of elegantly restored homes and gated gardens. 
our location 








 
 
"two wonderful nights at the gastonian
 my husband and i spent two nights in the beautiful gastonian. the inn was beautiful, and the staff were top notch. walter was wonderful, showing us around and telling us the history of the inn. the food was wonderful, the "happy hour" was so much food that we didn't go out to dinner the first night! i highly recommend if you ever get to savannah to book a night at the gastonian!"
tripadvisor guest review -7/30/2024
check dates for your stay

 






 
 



 
 

 












 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 



 
 
 

















"exceptional!
 rating: 5 out of 5 stars
had our wedding here and it was absolutely perfection! highly recommend this gorgeous property and its staff. every single person went above and beyond and had top-notch hospitality.  we will be back for our future anniversaries!"
reviewed by kingwendy82, new york on october 2023 via tripadvisor --- see more here













the gastonian

220 east gaston street
savannah,
georgia
31401
united states


 phone: 
(912) 232-2869


 toll free: 
(800) 322-6603















 


sign up for our emails
get a free download of "planning your visit"
 signup to receive our email newsletters and special offers, and get access to our latest pdf guide book:  planning your upcoming visit to savannah, a 37-page e-book filled with suggestions from the concierges  of historic inns of savannah.






get your free guide



first name



last name



email
 

 

sign me up !







 
















































view our accolades 










historic inns of savannah


olde harbour inn


eliza thompson house


the gastonian


the kehoe house


the marshall house


east bay inn












career opportunities




© the gastonian












visit our facebook page



visit our instagram page



visit our pinterest page




hotel internet marketingbyvizergy




call us



location


book now
















career opportunities







home
accommodations
food & wine
packages
area guide
savannah weddings 
photos
about the gastonian
gifts
sitemap

















