     edmond hyundai cars for sale in oklahoma city                                                                                    edmond hyundai                                  sales 405-696-4932    service 405-696-4936    parts 405-696-4938   14137 n. broadway ext., oklahoma city, ok 73013                      edmond hyundai            call 405-696-4932   directions                 new   new   virtual showroom   click to buy   text my trade value   model research     used   used   vehicles under 20k   text my trade value     certified pre-owned   hyundai certified used vehicles program   search certified pre-owned     service & parts   service appointment request   service department   service & parts coupons   premium maintenance coupons   order parts   shop hyundai tires   owner's portal   hyundai warranty   blue link   hyundai complimentary maintenance   roadside assistance     service & parts coupons    service & parts coupons    oklahoma city bg vehicle maintenance coupons     specials   new specials   used specials   manufacturer specials   special financing offer     finance   finance department   text my trade value   kbb value your trade   get pre-qualified   payment calculator   credit repair program   service & parts financing   get pre-qualified with capital one     about us   about us   contact us   schedule test drive   our blog   employment opportunities     hyundai programs   hyundai shopper assurance                     new   new   virtual showroom   click to buy   text my trade value   model research     used   used   vehicles under 20k   text my trade value     certified pre-owned   hyundai certified used vehicles program   search certified pre-owned     service & parts   service appointment request   service department   service & parts coupons   premium maintenance coupons   order parts   shop hyundai tires   owner's portal   hyundai warranty   blue link   hyundai complimentary maintenance   roadside assistance     service & parts coupons    service & parts coupons    oklahoma city bg vehicle maintenance coupons     specials   new specials   used specials   manufacturer specials   special financing offer     finance   finance department   text my trade value   kbb value your trade   get pre-qualified   payment calculator   credit repair program   service & parts financing   get pre-qualified with capital one     about us   about us   contact us   schedule test drive   our blog   employment opportunities     hyundai programs   hyundai shopper assurance           
    

                                                                                                                                                                                  

            find your vehicle      keyword search              type  all new used certified    year  any year    make  any make     model  any model    price  any price       less filters   reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         

      search new inventory     search used inventory        








welcome toedmond hyundai edmond hyundai is one of the premier oklahoma hyundai dealerships. located in oklahoma city, just south of edmond on the broadway extension, edmond hyundai has hundreds of new and used cars, trucks, & suv's available. in addition to our excellent vehicle inventory of oklahoma city cars for sale, edmond hyundai offers customers a pressure-free car buying experience, with a beautiful facility and an experienced and friendly staff. open monday through saturday, edmond hyundai is a convenient and trustworthy okc car dealership for those in the metro area, as well as those in surrounding communities, such as norman, moore, shawnee, del city, el reno and chandler.




























                                



learn more 



address
14137 n. broadway ext.
oklahoma city, ok 73013

phone


 sales 405-696-4932


 service 405-696-4936


 parts 405-696-4938


schedule service



     
     explore hyundai inventory —  electrified suvs sedans          kona electric      tucson hybrid      tucson plug-in hybrid      santa fe hybrid      ioniq 5      ioniq 5 n      nexo fuel cell      elantra hybrid      sonata gas & hybrid      ioniq 6          venue      kona      kona electric      santa cruz      tucson      tucson hybrid      tucson plug-in hybrid      santa fe      santa fe hybrid      palisade      ioniq 5      ioniq 5 n      nexo fuel cell          elantra      elantra hybrid      elantra n      sonata gas & hybrid      ioniq 6        
     




new
inventory

view vehicles 







get
pre-approved

apply for credit 







schedule
test drive

make an appointment 



             










dealer's specials
the perfect car or suv is waiting for you at edmond hyundai.
view specials












service department
we utilize service technicians who are certified with the expertise to care for your vehicle.

schedule
appointment




     
     





edmond hyundai promise
at edmond hyundai, our promise to you goes beyond the purchase of a vehicle. we are committed to ensuring your ownership experience is exceptional. with our engines for life program, you can rest easy knowing your engine is covered for as long as you own your car. in addition, we offer complimentary oil changes for the first three years of ownership, as well as free car washes to keep your vehicle looking its best. should your car ever need service, we provide service loaners and a convenient shuttle service to keep you on the move. our 24/7 towing service is there for you in emergencies, and we even offer pre-vacation vehicle check-ups to ensure your peace of mind before hitting the road. if you're not completely satisfied with your purchase, take advantage of our 72-hour exchange policy, and we'll help you find the right vehicle for your needs. at edmond hyundai, we're here to provide the support and services you need to enjoy your hyundai to the fullest.

learn more 




     

follow edmond hyundai                                 



car dealerships in okc
find new and used hyundai vehicles including the hyundai santa fe, hyundai santa cruz, hyundai tucson, hyundai kona, hyundai sonata, hyundai palisade, and hyundai elantra at our car dealerships in okc.    





edmond hyundai






















address
14137 n. broadway ext.
oklahoma city, ok 73013

phone



sales 405-696-4932



service 405-696-4936



parts 405-696-4938



                                



    sales hours         monday 8:30am - 9:00pm     tuesday 8:30am - 9:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 9:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 9:00pm    friday 8:30am - 9:00pm    saturday 8:30am - 9:00pm    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:00am - 6:00pm     tuesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:00am - 6:00pm    friday 7:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed        










disclaimer last updated: may 8, 2024
the information provided by edmond hyundai on https://www.edmondhyundai.com in desktop and mobile form is for general informational purposes only. product photos and specifications on this site are provided by the manufacturer which are protected by copyright. all vehicles presented on this website including but not limited to the hyundai ioniq 5, sonata hybrid, kona electric, tucson plug-in hybrid, santa fe hybrid, venue, santa cruz, palisade, elantra, elantra n, and elantra hybrid are registered trademarks of the hyundai motor company. while every effort has been made to ensure a display of accurate data, the vehicle listings within this website may not reflect all current vehicle items, but rather is an example of pricing, color, and other data. the edmond hyundai website includes content from multiple providers which may contain opinions that are strictly the author’s, not the dealership. we reserve the right to remove any content we deem offensive, and we do not take responsibility for information contained on third-party websites that our website links to. edmond hyundai does not take responsibility for any inaccuracy displayed, as vehicles may be in transit or currently in production. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week. the prices on https://www.edmondhyundai.com act as coupons and are only valid if presented prior to purchase. all prices on this site are inclusive of applicable incentives and offers. edmond hyundai is not responsible for any product warranty-related claims except those that are mentioned upon purchase. edmond hyundai is not responsible for the misuse of equipment and products that result in injury. please visit edmond hyundai in person to ensure accurate inventory of all vehicle information. any information collected as a part of sms consent (phone numbers) will not be shared with third parties or affiliates.
             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | edmond hyundai | 14137 n. broadway ext., oklahoma city, ok 73013 | sales: 405-696-4932            




























  cookie consent: by continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies. accept learn more                            