











shakespeare made easy – shakespeare in english everyone can understand!





























skip to main content











 switch to uk website >

 
 
 
 




						shakespeare made easy					
shakespeare in english everyone can understand!
 

 
 






 
 

 



						taking the fear out of shakespeare …					








shakespeare made easy books each have the complete original text laid out side-by-side with a full modern english translation.
ideal for instant reference and understanding, whether you are reading william shakespeare for pleasure or studying for an examination.
at last – shakespeare really is made easy!
what people are saying about shakespeare made easy:
“what a good idea!” – judi dench
“a great help in rehearsals” – antony sher
“i wish i’d had one when i did my o-levels” – julie walters
“a great improvement on the original” – john cleese
shakespeare made easy has been used in schools and colleges around the world for over thirty years.
all dramas are complete, with every original shakespearian line, and a full-length modern rendition of the text. these invaluable teaching-study guides also include:

helpful background information that puts each play in its historical perspective.
discussion questions that teachers can use to spark student class participation, and which students can use as springboards for their own themes and term papers.
quizzes, sample examinations, and other features that improve student comprehension of what each play is about.

if you are a teacher then see the publishers’ websites for evaluation and ordering details:
oxford university press
simon & schuster
of course the shakespeare made easy series is also available from amazon! just follow the links from these pages.





 





search for:



home
a midsummer night’s dream
as you like it
hamlet
henry iv part one
henry v
julius caesar
king lear
macbeth
much ado about nothing
othello
romeo and juliet
the merchant of venice
the taming of the shrew
the tempest
twelfth night
frequently asked questions
alan durband

other books


 








 shakespeare made easy takes the fear out of shakespeare!
original and modern english versions on facing pages!
makes it easier to comprehend the text!
includes discussions of the life, work and theater of william shakespeare for a more rounded appreciation of these classic plays.

 

 here are the books that help teach shakespeare plays without the teacher constantly needing to explain and define elizabethan terms, slang, and other ways of expression that are different from our own.
all dramas are complete, with every original shakespearian line, and a full-length modern rendition of the text.

 

 shakespeare made easy books provide the key for what has been a locked door to many students in the past.
and as understanding grows, so an awareness develops of the potential of language as a vehicle for philosophic and moral expression, beauty, and the abidingly memorable.

 


© 2025 shakespeare made easy | privacy policy
















we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok

 



