



lifereef filter systems - trickle filter - berlin system - venturi
      skimmer - protein skimmer - acrylic aquariums - euro-brace - euro-rim -
      wet/dry filter - downdraft - needle-wheel - calcium reactor 





  




 4628 s.
                        ward way, morrison, colorado 80465 


 phone:
                        303-978-0940 


 e-mail: lifereef@lifereef.com





  
 




homeall
                    products price listorderingcontactcatalog
                    requestsump/system schedule      ready
                      to ship stuff! new!!jellyfish tanks!
ato/reservoirs/containerscalcium
                    reactorsmedia reactorscustom showcasetestimonialsgarage
                    salewarranty 
 berlin system/sumpsnano
                    system/sumpsprefilter/overflowsprotein skimmersrefugium/lifereefugiumswet/dry trickle filters
 


 




nothing says excellence and a proven record
        than products that have remained unchanged for over 30 years!   nothing says "products for life"
        like lifereef!





 *****
                cabinet candy! *****

       
               



       
just some examples of the
                          variety and color selection and combinations for all
                          the lifereef systems and products!
                          your filter system can look as colorful as your corals
                          and lifereef products look and work so well you will
                          want to show them off!


a 
     new!!!
b 
c 
d 


e 
f 
g 
h 


i 
j 
k 
l 


m
o 
freshwater sump
p 


q 
yes, large projects
                          can be
                          freighted, i even build the
                          crate and strap to a pallet!



 
products
                    designed for your lifetime!

when jeff turcheck
                          began lifereef in 1984 he envisioned products that
                          would be simple in design and superb at performance,
                          and, save you money, and last forever! and after a few
                          runs with some preliminary and great products he
                          finally settled on some fantastic products that still
                          remain true to the design and quality today! 
                          every lifereef product design has remained unchanged
                          for the past 31 years!
                            
                          only products with a proven history of hobbyist
                          satisfaction and unchanged for decades means true
                          quality!
                          one-year products are not going to last you a
                          lifetime.
                          the industry wants you to but a new product every year
                          or two.
when you want something unlike all the
                            rest and a decades long record, will last forever
                             with full support, you want lifereef!

sumps and systems for any
                  cabinet, any aquarium! in-line, l-shape, u-shape, sectional,
                  built to fit!
standard fittings and
                  components. nothing is odd or proprietary. 
 lifereef products save
                  money! all others make you spend money throughout your time
                  with your reef hobby! 
lifereef products are not
                  sold via a "swipe/click/waste" pay method.
you will get to talk and
                  discuss your project to the very guy who designs and builds
                  the products, me!






                  no one has been building berlin systems, sumps, wet/drys and
                  protein skimmers longer than jeff turcheck at lifereef along
                  with his beatiful wife who passed away november 4, 2024.
2025
                  will make 41 years!
                    longer than anyone building reef filter products. all
                  of the lifereef products are 30+ years "old" but still
                  outperform the others! 
                    hobbyists seek out the best when their current stuff
                  just isn't performing up to the promises.
                     99 percent of lifereef customers are hobbyist who
                  have a "system" already going but have come to not like the
                  maintenance, the mess, the "sorry we don't have that part
                  anymore" or just plain frustrated! spending twice isn't fun.
                     if you were lucky enough to stumble upon this
                  website, consider yourself lucky! buy once!

customer service comes second to the fantastic
                  lifereef products and why many come to lifereef. my reputation
                  for answering the phone and emails the same day or at the most
                  24 hours is unmatched in this hobby!

if
                  you have any issues (rare) you get to talk to jeff, not visit
                  some website and work through a maze of questions.


               

what to do with all the
                  peanuts!
                  lifereef products are packed above and beyond what is required
                  so your product arrives intact. on a yearly basis we might
                  have two damages.so please take your peanuts to a local
                  packing store, they will appreciate it!


custom work

custom work always welcome
                  whether it be your sump design, custom prefilters, built-in
                  overflows, refugiums, ato's, flange/gasket sets, light
                  brackets/supports, acrylic reservoirs, dosing containers, and
                  more! if you have an idea or custom project email a simple
                  sketch, i'll get you a quote! contact
be sure to check out ready to ship stuff!
                as there are some fantastic products at random times and may be
                one-only products! some may have small scratches or other issues
                and many are just brand new and built on a whim! 


 
 





