





goose creek symphony – welcome home.


































 




skip to content








 


search for:








homenewsblog photo & videomusic & merchandisespecial thanks









loading...







 




welcome to goose creek
 
















goose creek symphony. the goose is loose. 


learn more
buy avada now













goose creek symphony 



this is some text about goose creek 


learn more
buy avada now
















goose creek symphony – homegoosecreek2024-01-13t05:20:48+00:00 
“while jeff tweedy and jay farrar were scampering around in pampers with wooden blocks, charlie gearheart and the goose were fusing country and rock sounds like nobody else, plumbing the depths of hillbilly, folk, bluegrass and rock music almost two decades before any of that “no depression” stuff became tres chic.  goose creek’s unique country rock hybrid had an earthier, more organic sound than just about anything coming out of nashville circa 1971-74.”
-rev. keith gordon, blurt magazine, in praise of goose creek sympnony
bob dylan, the band, the grateful dead, and others began to play rock ‘n roll with a country heart. goose creek symphony was one of the original bands that were part of this mix. their music combined a rural sensibility with rocking rhythms that tended to meander like a babbling brook flowing through shady woods. we call this “jam band” music today, but back then it was just getting your groove on.
-steve horowitz,  pop mattersthe goose creek story brings new meaning to “you were ahead of your time.” unlike many of the other bands from the 70s goose creek hasn’t mellowed or gotten more commercial. they aren’t resting on old laurels, if anything they’ve gotten a looser and more varied. they found most of their old audience as well as many new fans.
-mick skidmore, jambands.combeing an odd cross between hippies and rednecks in that burgeoning era of country rock, they fit loosely in the mode even if they were more esoteric and versatile than many of their contemporaries. they used fiddles and horns prominently, giving them an edge of inventiveness, but essentially the excelled at being a good time band. ironically, goose creek were a couple of decades ahead of their time.
shindig! , magazinenews and such






 




gcs to play in missoula on fri, aug 28, 2015by goosecreek|2024-01-13t05:05:44+00:00july 24th, 2015|goose creek symphony will headline friday aug 28 from 8:30-10:30 on main street at the river city roots festival in missoula, mt. with a following similar to bob dylan and the grateful dead, gcs blazed trails between a wide mix of rock and roll, folk, jazz and country.  goose creek symphony has used horns, fiddles and special effects to create a newly-defined genre of music called “cosmicread more

facebook


this message is only visible to admins.
		problem displaying facebook posts. backup cache in use.					click to show error



error: error validating access token: the session has been invalidated because the user changed their password or facebook has changed the session for security reasons.													type: oauthexception																												
			






get in touch with us!
facebook “official fan page”facebook group



 
 






		copyright 2015 myron koch | all rights reserved	


facebookxyoutubeinstagramemailapple musicamazon
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link













