


a+ home tutoring in north central new jersey













a+ home tutoring

the joy of learning
 



we're sorry to announce that we're no longer
accepting new students. we wish you all the best in finding the perfect
tutor for your child.
in the meantime, though, you may be interested in our
new educational math game that's gotten rave reviews from our students.
match 10.



are you looking for a tutor in nj?
is your child bright but still having trouble comprehending or
remembering what she reads?  does he have trouble remembering or following
directions?  does she work hard but still perform poorly on tests?  a+
home tutoring can help.
do you think your child has special needs but don't know what to
do about it?   a plus home tutoring can help.
is your child classified or working with a 504 plan but still
not making the progress you think he should?   a+ home tutoring can
help.
perhaps your child has an undiagnosed language processing,
auditory processing, visual imagery processing, or integration problem.  
a plus home tutoring can help.
if you're looking for a tutor in nj, a+ home tutoring can
help.



here are some of the issues we successfully deal with:
organizational skills . . . social skills . . . add
(attention deficit disorder) . . . adhd (hyperactive behavior) . . .
pdd (pervasive developmental disorder) . . . asperger's . . .
neurological impairment . . . communication handicaps . . . auditory
processing problems . . . visual processing problems
here are some of the tools and methodologies we employ:
cai (computer assisted instruction) . . . multi-sensory
instruction . . . lindamood-bell™  techniques and materials . . .
orton-gillingham methodology . . . merrill® and wilson materials . .
.earobics® . . . fastforword® . . . sensory-cognitive feedback training
here are some of the services we provide:
 reading tutoring .
. . math tutoring . . . social studies tutoring . . . academic support .
. . motivational support . . . social skills training . . . behavioral counseling . . . child advocacy . . . consulting on ieps (individual education
prescriptions) . . . consulting on 504 plans . . . 



 

the goal at a+ home tutoring is



to provide for the greatest possible level of success for your
child.  we can enrich the gifted student as
well as help the student with special needs.   whether difficulties are
academics, social, organization, motivation, or learning style, we can help your child.
more about our goals
  



more than just subject matter . . .



we have extensive experience. in fact, the nj tutors at a+ home tutoring are either currently employed
or retired as nj public school
teachers or are working professionals in the fields of science, math or
technology. more about us  
 but what if your child needs more than subject
matter? we have experience with add/adhd (attention deficit disorder and
hyperactive students), ni (neurological impairment), dyslexia, visual
processing difficulties, auditory processing issues, and pdd (pervasive
developmental disorder).
we
are familiar with the classification process and the preparation of
504 plans.  we can help prepare ieps or 504 plans and can advocate on
your child's behalf.  we can even help
parents.   want to know more?  more about
special needs



fun? did you say "fun"?



would you like to see your child look forward to
tutoring sessions?  most of our students  ask to continue lessons during
the summer break. 



summertime tutoring in nj?



there are some special advantages to tutoring during the summertime.
 what
are they? 



why a plus tutoring in new jersey?



we service new jersey students at our east hanover
location from a wide area in north nj. understanding, time, and a network of professional
associations make the
difference at a+ tutoring.  we are one of the few centers using
orton-gillingham based methods such as project read and wilson. we utilize
sensory-cognitive training programs such as lindamood-bell™ and fastforword®. we
have the experience to synthesize the best of all these approaches to create a
plan suited for your child's needs. more about why
we are right for your child


contact
us!

lindamood-bell is a trademark of lindamood-bell
learning processes ("lblp"). lblp in no way guarantees the quality of
the materials or services that may be supplied by a+ tutoring. a+ tutoring is
not affiliated with, certified, licensed, monitored or sponsored by lblp, nanci
bell, phyllis lindamood or pat lindamood.

 




a+ tutoring
serving northern new jersey from east hanover, nj 07936

add/adhd tutoring
| communication handicap
tutoring | dyslexia tutoring
| hyperactivity
tutoring | 
learning disability tutoring
math tutoring |
reading tutoring |
summer tutoring |
match 10 | 
study aids | helpful links |
contact us



for more information, email:
learn@aplustutor.net
copyright © 1999-2012, a+ home tutoring, inc.. all rights reserved. 

site developed and maintained by treloar associates.
search engine
optimization by rank magic. 
calvin & hobbes images are copyright © bill
waterson and universal press syndicate. permission is pending.


 

