




choices program | history and current issues curriculum for the classroom






























































  









javascript must be enabled for the correct page display
skip to content

















digital editions user login
        

request a quote/demo
        

view cart





search




search form

















menu

about






scholars
staff and boards
guiding principles for choices curriculum development
scholarly integrity guidelines
history of the choices program
newsletters


catalog






africana studies series
asian studies series
complete series
current issues series
geography series
u.s. history series
world history series
curriculum collections
what’s new / updated
in development
retired units
inside a choices curriculum unit


pricing






ordering
title i schools
copyright and permissions


videos






videos by unit
videos by theme


digital editions






how to use digital editions
what’s new in digital editions
request a quote/demo


professional development






workshops and webinars
bring choices to your district
neh institute 2023


teaching with the news lessons
support






how to use digital editions
faqs
digital site admin support
u.s. history series support
current issues series support
what teachers say about choices
new teacher support
middle school support
methods professor support
curriculum collections
newsletters


 









engaging, inquiry-based curriculum for history and current issues courses.
perspectives from history. choices for today.








explore

digital and print curriculum: unique units bridge history and current issues.





engage

teaching with the news: free lessons connect headlines to the classroom.





implement

professional development: useful, hands-on learning for educators.

















updated free lesson
refugee stories: mapping a crisis

in this free lesson, students explore the current global refugee crisis; employ data to map the crisis; examine one refugee’s story and map their experiences; and consider challenges facing refugees and the international community. the updated lesson includes revised maps and new data, refugee stories, videos, and news articles.













new curriculum unit
the weimar republic and the rise of nazi germany

explore the dynamic, complex history of the weimar era in germany and interwar europe more generally. students learn about political and economic shifts before and after wwi, social and cultural changes of 1920s and 1930s germany, and the rise of the nazi party.













new free lesson
climate change and disability: between vulnerability and adaptation

in this free lesson, students examine accounts of one or more individuals with disabilities who have experienced climate change-related natural disasters, then reflect on the knowledge and experience disabled people bring to issues around disaster planning and climate change policy.













featured unit
the vietnam war: origins, history, and legacies 

winner of the 2024 buchanan prize! this unit tells the “long history” of the destructive, deadly, and divisive u.s. war in vietnam. students examine the war’s long-term origins, investigate its complex history, and explore its lasting legacies. 













racial slavery in the americas
all-school  read set

now available for the racial slavery in the americas curriculum unit! purchase an all-school read set to help build a sense of community by having your students all read and discuss the same text. one set includes 20 student texts and a complimentary teacher resource book for a savings of more than $100! order today and save!













buchanan prize
outstanding curriculum publication on asia

the choices program's curriculum on the vietnam war has been awarded the 2024 buchanan prize from the association for asian studies. read more about the award, the choices curriculum, and what people have to say about it!













featured unit
russia and the united states: perspectives from history—choices for today

the sixth edition of this unit includes added content to account for events in ukraine and more details about nato. it includes two new lessons as well as new primary sources, images, study guides, and graphic organizers.













featured unit
confronting genocide: never again?

in the eighth edition of this engaging curriculum unit, students explore the evolution of the international community's response to genocide and examine how the u.s. has responded to multiple cases of genocide. includes new content on the uighers in china and the ovaherero-nama genocide in namibia.













featured unit
climate change and questions of justice

students examine the causes and effects of global warming and delve into questions of who is most responsible for and vulnerable to the changing climate. students also grapple with how to respond to climate change in ways that are both effective and fair.













web-based curriculum
digital editions

digital editions takes the high-quality, up-to-date curriculum units educators expect from the choices program to a whole new level. compatible with all devices, including mobile. stand-alone, web-based platform but also easy to use with google classroom, canvas, blackboard, and more. no student logins. individual and site licenses available.














the choices program is a self-funded organization affiliated with the department of history at brown university. we work to increase access to high-quality curriculum content and strengthen education about history and current events in secondary schools in the united states and beyond. watch this video to learn more!















what teachers are saying



choices is an invaluable tool for students of history as it provides rich contextualized content, offers diverse perspectives, and builds rhetoric skill capacity.
— brett, history teacher, new hampshire




choices provides high-quality summaries and primary source documents. it puts students in the shoes of the decision makers. i really like how students are asked to rank their attitudes and priorities about a topic before and after studying the unit. it's rewarding to reflect on how new information challenges our assumptions and previous beliefs.
— michael, world issues and history teacher, ohio




i love the options that students can have in the role plays. history becomes active, and it also becomes clear that history was not guaranteed. choices does a fantastic job of making students active participants.
— ryan, history and current issues teacher, colorado




the visuals that accompany the readings are terrific. too often, students don't bother to look up places on a map or watch an assigned video. having these integrated into the assignment for them makes it easy and more likely that they'll take advantage of these resources. the primary source sets allow for deeper and richer work with the material.
— tracy, history teacher, massachusetts











50
states have schools using choices program materials as well as more than 200 international schools.




42
curriculum units for courses in current issues, u.s. and world history, africana studies, asian studies, and geography.




1 million
students around the world benefit from the choices program’s award-winning curriculum each year.




30+
professional development webinars and workshops held annually.











join our email list
















how did you hear about choices?
web search
social media
colleague
email
other






















choices program
brown university
box 1948
providence, ri 02912

choices@brown.edu
ph 401-863-3155
fx 401-863-1247




about choices
history of the choices program
people
copyright and permissions
donate
 

curriculum catalog
ordering
professional development
teaching with the news
privacy & return policy
 

about choices
history of the choices program
people
copyright and permissions
donate
 curriculum catalog
ordering
professional development
teaching with the news
privacy & return policy
 



























back to top











