



	ralph paonessa nature photography workshops & tours























sign in




menu


homeworkshopsarticlesphotosgalleriesabout










ralph paonessa
nature photography workshops & tours

what's new





ecuador hummingbird photography workshop: oct 8, 2025
space available. the most hummingbirds of any trip!
more







ecuador antisana add-on: oct 20, 2025
birds of the equatorial highlands, antisana reserve, giant hummingbird, andean condor.
more







eastern sierra milky way & processing: may 22-29, 2025
learn to photograph the dark night skies of the scenic eastern sierra nevada of california.waitlist.
more







astrophotography for nature photographers
article: amateurs can photograph the night sky. learn what you can do: milky way nightscapes; sky trackers; deep astrophotography.
more




workshops & photo tours





march-april 2025


costa rica hummingbirds
more







may 22-28, 2025


eastern sierra milky way & processing
more







october 8-21, 2025


ecuador hummingbirds
more







october 20-24, 2025


ecuador antisana add-on
more







january-2027


falkland islands photography workshop and tour
more





more workshops ...




				learn nature photography in the field under the guidance of a professional leader at
                locations around the world. costa rica, ecuador, falkland islands, chile, and the united 
				states. featuring hummingbirds, birds, penguins, landscape, milky way, nightscape, and 
				digital processing. our nature photography trips offer small groups and personalized attention.
			

				all ability levels welcome
				trips designed for photographers since 1997
			

our goal: "the best photo trips to
					the greatest locations on earth!"



subscribe to our monthly email newsletter

		get the latest on workshop schedules and new trips, as well as new articles.
	


email:






what our participants say


                    "i have deep and wonderful memories of your truly amazing photo trips, both to the falklands and also to costa rica, which are the best two trips i have ever made in my life.
"
                

                    —david w. (uk)
                

					"i’ve been on many photo tours and workshops, and you are by far the best leader i’ve ever encountered."
				

					—john b. (north carolina)
				

					"i have never been to a workshop in which i was so happy and proud of the pics i took. this one was very special."
				
—ed k. (california)

					"i told my fellow photographers you were the greatest leader
                        of all photo tours i’ve attended."
				
—klaus t. (germany)

					"we have been living off the glory of our ecuador photographs."
				
—tony & pam b. (united kingdom)


read more comments
                    from
                    our participants ...



why you should go with us

small groups, personalized attention, and more ...






























our goal: the best photo trips to the greatest locations on earth!™




ralph paonessa photography


509 w ward avenue suite b, ridgecrest ca 93555-2496


phone: 


    you must enable javascript to see this text.



              e-mail:


    you must enable javascript to see this text.




rpphoto.com
        © copyright 1997–2025
ralph paonessa photography





how to register

cancellation policy




sign up for our newsletter

unsubscribe





contact us

about

about ralph paonessa

privacy policy






