



airport gyms, fitness centers, exercise clubs, workout clubs, gyms in
airport, gyms near airports. active travelers find fitness gyms or workout clubs or airports with gyms. find a gym, exercise on the fly!














































 
tell-a-friend about
      airportgyms.com


 


  airport gyms and fitness centers in or near airports 

gyms

usa
canada


about
contactrecommend

help

delay tracker


blog





at the airport? have some time? want to workout?
exercise on the fly
welcome to airport gyms, the most comprehensive
            and fastest growing community on the internet for the free listings
            of airport gyms, airport workout clubs, and airport fitness centers
            available in and around select popular us and canadian airports
        today. stay fit & workout during your air travels.
find a gym 


 
 









 
  


 with the vast amount of airport based travel engaged in by active,
      exercise conscious travelers, and the long delays, long layovers, and early
      arrival times that arise when traveling (along with the current need to
      be at the airport hours early) - finding gyms in an airport, an airport
      gym, or a workout club near an airport or airport exercise based club in
   or around your airport terminal maybe be possible. spend your time lifting
   weights, working out, using the elliptical trainer or treadmill or even taking
   a spin class and losing  weight while waiting for your flight.
      

      if you are an active, exercise
      conscious traveler that would rather spend an hour in the gym (versus an
      hour in the terminal watching television), or an active traveler who would
      rather take a yoga class (versus wandering through trinket shops), airportgyms.com
      can help you find a gym in, near or around select popular us and canadian
      international airports.

      want to workout and exercise on
      the fly? check and see if there is an airport gym, gym near an airport,
      airport fitness center, airport workout or exercise club in or around the
      terminal you are passing through so that you can stay fit and healthy while
      traveling to your destination. at airportgyms.com, you will find that the
      big chain clubs and gyms like 24-hour fitness, la fitness, bally's
      and gold's gyms are routinely listed as well as the smaller local gyms
      and hotels with gyms near airports. workout, lose weight, stay fit during
      your travels.  

















recent blog posts

[sorry... you must use a more modern browser that supports
        iframes]





testimonials

awesome site and a great idea!  thanks so much!~ a.g. 
thank you for this fabulous site! i travel often for work and this will be incredibly handy. ~ l.b.
i love your site! ~ k.z. 
finally! can't tell you how many laps i've made around stapleton & o'hare
          all the while wishing there was a workout facility... ~ m.h. 
thank you for providing this service, it is much needed! ~ c.h. 
you offer a great service to active travelers. ~ m.a.
this is an incredible site! most of us are athletic and our travel
          schedules kill our workouts. ~ p.k. 
i'am a very infrequent traveler, but appreciate this great resource. ~
            s.s. 
i think this is a fabulous idea and must commend you on the idea. ~
            a.s. 
this is a great resource for active business travelers - thanks! ~
            d.d. 
i will be checking this site often on my travels, and telling others
          about it. ~ c.r. 
what a great site! i heard about it on cnn.com and wanted to praise
          you for your forward thinking. ~ t.r. 
thanks for the great work! ~ c. cronin 
yes! i want to exercise on the fly and yes, i will use airport gyms. thanks! ~ k.g. 




newsletter

sign-up for our newsletter. keep up with the latest airport gyms listings
          & news.



















© copyright 2016. all rights reserved.
use policies
submit a gym
 advertise with
      us
 please donate
 delay flight tracker
schema
          built
view mobile site


















