

mosaic matters- the online magazine for all things mosaic
























 




 
 












 




 
 






 
we list the details of mosaic suppliers from fourteen countries 
                    around the globe. see if we have one near you that can help. 
                    

                    contact us if you would like to be added to our list.




 
 






 
what is mosaic matters and how did it start? find 
                    out how the mosaic matters website came about and how 
                    to contact us.
 



seeing the light
                  
                  elaine m. goodwin exhibition
                  st. george's anglican church
                  
                  campo san vio
                  
                  venice

                  sunday 9th march 2025
                  to sunday 30 march 2025
                  2-5.30 wed, thurs, fri, sat
                  

                  a series of mosaic artworks celebrating light, selected for the anglican church of venice. each work uses the precious materials of venetian gold leaf, mosaic glass smalti and ravenna mosaic glass. shimmering and joyous, they pay homage to a long history of mosaic for sacred spaces.
elaine m. goodwin is a world-renowned english artist who specialises in mosaic. her work is found in numerous national and private art collections. she is a frequent international exhibitor.
https://elainemgoodwin.co.uk

 
 


 



 

 
 


 










 
 modern mosaics at tate modern?

                    it all began back in 2001,
when bamm member dr. pat witts wrote to tate  director sir nicholas serota asking if tate modern would feature modern mosaic  in its collections.

he replied, “there is an agreement with the trustees of the  victoria & albert museum, as the national collection of art and design,  that they will concentrate on the decorative arts, leaving the graphic arts of  the twentieth century to us.”
the idea that mosaic  is always “decorative” as opposed to “graphic” is tendentious, of course, not  to say silly. accordingly in 2012 your editor asked tate modern if there had been any  change...
                  
full story inside...



 
 
                  *****
 
check out the mosaic matters

 exhibition diary

and did you know that?





associations


 
just in case you don't know, there are mosaic associations 
                    you might consider joining. all are useful for contacts, 
                    exhibitions and newsletters.
bamm: british association for modern mosaic
maanz: mosaic association of australia and new zealand 
domo: german organization for mosaic art
sama: society of american mosaic artists



the man who came after hyacinth bobo


 



                      this is a novel about the fourth crusade, the one launched by pope innocent iii which ended up    sacking constantinople, the greatest city in christendom.
and why does it feature on the home page of mosaic matters? two reasons -    the author is your editor, paul bentley, and of course mosaic pops up now and    then - there is even a description of how the byzantines made their wall    mosaics. more...




 


 
 

 


 
  


 
 









 


all 
          content is copyright of © mosaic matters and its contributors. 
          
          all rights reserved
mosaic 
          matters is:
          editor: paul bentley
          web manager/designer: andy mitchell
 




