







insight communications | christopher rants – political consulting, lobbying, change making












































home
blog
contact
 



















government affairs


issue advocacy


political consulting


public affairs












articles & blog posts
vote isn’t riggedthe latest twist and turn in the presidential election are the constant tweets by @realdonaldtrump that our election system is […]
october 18, 2016comments off on vote isn’t riggeddreading tax daytax day will soon be upon us. not to be confused with tax freedom day – the day be which […]
april 11, 2016comments off on dreading tax dayready for paul ryan for president?  here is the scenario.  first, if senator rubio loses loses his home state of florida to trump and governor […]
march 8, 2016comments off on ready for paul ryan for president?







lobbyingwhen trying to bring your message and goals to lawmakers, having someone you can rely on is your highest priority. christopher rants can assist you in attaining your goals through lobbying and facilitation. from attending legislative and regulatory meetings on your behalf to facilitating meetings with key government officials, christopher provides all you need for a solid lobbying effort.



grassroots strategypolicy changes in the government require more than legislative activity. you must have public support on your side as well. christopher helps you to develop plans that will position you for success in the public policy arena. advancing your position through grassroots campaigns and strategic coalitions brings you the public support you need to advance your goals.



strategic partnershipspolicyworks government and public affairs team has strong bi-partisan relationships with iowa’s state and federal lawmakers, local decision-makers, media professionals, business leaders, and community advocates. as a policyworks partner, christopher rants provides strategic counsel for clients in the area of government affairs.









amazon.com
american promotional events
bird rides
desmoines area regional transit authority
distilled spirits council
iowa prosthetic orthotic and pedorthic association
design build institute of america




iowa credit union league
state police officers council
life serve blood centers
celgene corporation
dish network
insure-rite corporation
pga tour




magellan midstream partners
major league baseball
national basketball association
rj thomas manufacturing
draft kings – fan duel
american progressive bag alliance
mainstreet properties



















interested in working together? get in touch!




















copyright © christopher rants | insight communication




































