




supply chain management (scm) | oracle






























































































skip to content
accessibility policy















products
industries
resources
customers
partners
developers
company









close search











search oracle.com


quick links
oracle cloud infrastructure

oracle fusion cloud applications
oracle database
download java

careers at oracle

















search







country















view accounts


back

cloud account
sign in to cloud
sign up for free cloud tier

oracle account

sign-in
create an account


help
sign out




contact sales



menu






menu


















overview


scm products


supply chain planning
inventory management
manufacturing
maintenance
order management
logistics
product lifecycle management
procurement
scm analytics






scm for industries


automotive
communications
consumer goods
federal government
healthcare
high tech
life sciences
industrial manufacturing
oil and gas
restaurants
retail
travel and transportation
wholesale distribution




customer stories


what's new


oracle ai for scm
supply chain command center 
sustainable supply chain
perfect delivery - order fulfillment




business insights

















applications




oracle supply chain management (scm)
with oracle supply chain management (scm) & manufacturing, organizations can respond quickly to changing demand, supply, and market conditions. seamlessly connect your supply chain to create a resilient network and process built to outpace change.
  request a demo


contact scm sales





watch the scm video (2:02)
















the ai-powered supply chain
join our webinar to see how ai agents can help operations teams work more efficiently and drive smarter decision-making.

 register now 



 smart operations driven by ai
see how an ai-driven smart operations can help boost efficiency across manufacturing, maintenance, and inventory management.

 access the webinar 



 explore the power of ai in logistics
watch on-demand to learn how an ai-powered supply chain can help you achieve perfect delivery.

 access the ai in logistics webinar 












oracle fusion cloud supply chain & manufacturing





supply chain planning
inventory management
manufacturing
maintenance
order management
logistics
product lifecycle management
procurement
fusion data intelligence
sustainability












get better planning results, faster
plan demand, supply, order fulfillment, and production intelligently across your supply chain, collaborating end-to-end to increase service, reduce disruptions, and minimize costs.



watch an overview video (2:10)


explore supply chain planning



products

demand management
supply planning
sales and operations planning
supply chain collaboration


















optimize materials management for global operations
optimize inventory levels and use of working capital to reduce costs and drive higher customer satisfaction. gain full visibility and control of product flow across your organization and global supply chains.



see inventory management product details


browse inventory management product tours



capabilities

materials management
cost management
financial and supply chain orchestration



















make anything with a tightly integrated solution
streamline global, mixed-mode manufacturing with an integrated manufacturing execution system (mes). built-in supply chain integration, iot, and ai simplify shop floor scheduling and execution, optimize decisions, and control quality and cost.



see manufacturing product details


browse manufacturing product tours



capabilities

discrete manufacturing
process manufacturing
mixed-mode manufacturing
production scheduling
project-driven manufacturing
contract manufacturing


















get efficient maintenance with a tightly integrated solution
increase reliability and uptime while reducing overall maintenance costs with a connected, smart maintenance management solution.



see maintenance product details


take a maintenance tour



capabilities

asset management
smart operations
maintenance planning and execution
maintenance cost management
parts inventory management
project-specific maintenance
service logistics and depot repair for asset-based service


oracle maintenance cloud datasheet (pdf)





















excel at omnichannel order fulfillment
gain visibility and improve coordination across channels and fulfillment sources, facilitate rapid order execution, and integrate the customer experience for excellent service and improved margins.



see order management product details


browse order management product tours



capabilities

omnichannel order management
rapid order fulfillment
pricing management
product and service configuration
global order promising
channel revenue management


datasheet: oracle order management (pdf)


















outpace change through agile logistics
maximize perfect order fulfillment and minimize logistics costs while adapting to business disruptions and changes in your supply chain.



explore logistics


browse logistics product tours



capabilities

transportation management
global trade management
warehouse management


















accelerate product innovation, development, and commercialization
accelerate time to market, reduce costs, and improve product quality with a connected digital thread that unifies your supply chain and harmonizes product master data.



see product lifecycle management product details


browse product lifecycle management product tours



capabilities

innovation management
product development
quality management
configurator modeling
product master data management


















empower your people and streamline procurement
streamline and integrate source-to-pay with an intuitive user experience, built-in analytics, and collaboration that simplifies supplier management, enables best supplier selection, enforces compliant spending, and improves profitability.



see procurement product details


browse procurement product tours



capabilities

procure-to-pay
supplier management
sourcing
contracts
business network


















insight improves supply chain performance
accelerate understanding of your supply chain operations with a prebuilt analytics solution for oracle cloud scm that helps supply chain professionals uncover ways to improve efficiency, increase revenue, reduce costs, and ensure customer satisfaction. enhance and enrich your analytic insights using oracle fusion data intelligence's embedded machine learning embedded machine learning and third-party data sources to detect, understand, and resolve supply chain issues faster.



explore fusion data intelligence



capabilities

identify cost-saving opportunities
predict future outcomes
find opportunities for spend consolidation and greater supplier value
improve customer satisfaction through perfect order execution
gain inventory visibility across locations
integrated with oracle cloud scm applications


















embed sustainability into business operations
capture and manage data related to your organization’s esg activities, including emissions generation; energy usage; recycling; and supplier, workforce, and community engagement.



see sustainability product details



capabilities

procurement
epm planning
logistics























what are analysts saying about oracle cloud scm?








explore why oracle was named a leader in the gartner® magic quadrant™ for transportation management systems
learn why oracle was named a leader for the 17th time* and positioned highest for ability to execute.


get the transportation management report







explore why oracle was named a leader in gartner® magic quadrant™for supply chain planning solutions
find out why oracle was named a leader again in the 2024 gartner magic quadrant for supply chain planning solutions.**


read the supply chain planning solutions report







explore why oracle was named a leader in 2024 gartner® magic quadrant™ for warehouse management systems
find out why oracle was named a leader in the gartner magic quadrant for warehouse management systems for the 9th consecutive year.***


read the warehouse management systems report
















oracle a leader in the idc marketscape for order orchestration and fulfillment for manufacturing
the choice of order management solutions is clear. see what analysts are saying about oracle fusion cloud order management now.


download the idc report





a complete cloud suite to power your business operations
pivot easily to changing customer demands, evolving regulations, and unforeseen catastrophes using these three key tools: modern infrastructure, connected data, and advanced analytics.


read the solution brochure (pdf)















cloud supply chain drives resilience and growth






unify scm and hr on one cloud
learn about the benefits of connecting scm and hr processes in a single cloud with built-in artificial intelligence (ai) and machine learning (ml) technologies.


read the ebook (pdf)




build a greener business: webinar
join us to learn how oracle fusion cloud sustainability offers a new, easier way to track progress toward your green goals.


access the sustainability webinar




respond to everyday change
make faster decisions to act on business changes with flexibility and resiliency through agile planning and coordinated supply chain execution.


read the integrated business planning brief (pdf)













oracle supply chain & manufacturing customer successes




learn why almost 10,000 leading corporations worldwide trust oracle to run their mission-critical business functions.



















































































demo series: 30-minute live and on-demand sessions
get an up-close look at the oracle fusion cloud scm solutions that are powering performance.


see the scm demo lineup





embed sustainability into business operations
adopt circular economy strategies with a more sustainable supply chain.


explore sustainability solutions













supply chain management resources





cloud update readiness
documentation
customer community
cloud learning
support and services
related content















learn what's new in the latest scm release
review cloud update readiness material to learn what's new in your cloud scm service and plan for quarterly updates.

see cloud update readiness material






what's new in cloud scm

explore supply chain management—business insights
deliver bottom-line results faster with a supply chain command center
sustainable supply chain
overcome supply chain disruption with one cloud for supply chain management and hr
innovate with product lifecycle management
















access a library of documentation
oracle help center provides detailed information about our products and services with targeted solutions, getting started guides, and content for advanced use cases.
view documentation















join a community of your peers
cloud customer connect is oracle's premier online cloud community. with more than 200,000 members, it's designed to promote peer-to-peer collaboration and sharing of best practices, product updates, and feedback.
join today














develop your oracle cloud scm skills
oracle university provides learning solutions to help build cloud skills, validate expertise, and accelerate adoption. get access to free basic training and accreditation with the oracle learning explorer program.
start learning for free





learning resources

cloud scm training and certification
oracle guided learning















support

my oracle support
support policies and practices
customer success services






services

soar to cloud migration services
consulting
find a partner












pages

compare oracle cloud scm for healthcare to workday
analyst reports
industry solutions
what is scm?
what is requirements management?



trending

compare oracle's saas applications vs. the competition
ebook: a business manager's guide to next generation cloud applications (pdf)
ebook: oracle and cimdata present the next generation—digitally connected plm (pdf)
webcast: how ai, iot, and blockchain are redefining finance and operations






reports

how the right mix of technology and strategy puts cpg manufacturers on top (pdf)
is logistics at a tipping point for cloud and emerging technology adoption? (pdf)
how are design teams using and planning for design technology fueled by data? (pdf)




















the oracle playbook series
we've compiled the secrets to our people, process, and systems strategy. and we want to share them with you.


get the details














get started with oracle fusion cloud scm



request an scm demo


take a tour


contact scm sales












* gartner, “magic quadrant for transportation management systems”, brock johns, et al. 27 march 2024.
** gartner, “magic quadrant for supply chain planning solutions”, pia orup lund, tim payne, joe graham, caleb thomson, jan snoeckx; 23 april 2024.
*** gartner, inc., “magic quadrant for warehouse management systems”; simon tunstall, dwight klappich, rishabh narang, federica stufano; 2 may 2024.
this graphic was published by gartner, inc. as part of a larger research document and should be evaluated in the context of the entire document. the gartner document is available upon request from oracle. gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. gartner research publications consist of the opinions of gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. gartner and magic quadrant are registered trademarks and service mark of gartner, inc. and/or its affiliates in the u.s. and internationally and are used herein with permission. all rights reserved.













resources for

careers
developers
investors
partners
researchers
students and educators





why oracle

analyst reports

best cloud-based
erp
cloud economics
social impact
culture and inclusion
security practices





learn

what is cloud
computing?
what is crm?
what is
docker?
what is
kubernetes?
what is
python?
what is saas?





news and events

news
oracle cloudworld
oracle cloudworld tour
oracle health summit
oracle dev tour
search all events





contact us

us sales: +1.800.633.0738
how can we help?
subscribe to emails
integrity helpline
accessibility










country/region





© 2025 oracle
privacy/do not sell my
info



ad
choices
careers




























