






catalyzing wellbeing + impact – healthcare entrepreneur and author in india – ashwin naik |ygl – wef | ashoka fellow | ted fellow | asia society young leader




































































 























home
start here
books

the healthcare gamechangers
#changestartsyoung


 







catalyzing wellbeing + impact




speaker
contact
 









0 items - $0.00 


0






no products in the cart.


 
 



 
















































catalyzing wellbeing & impact 
							

 


a must read for entrepreneurs, practitioners &policy makers

read the reviews
get a copy 





 


rashmi bansal, author  "this is not a book, it is a matchstick   which can ignite  the lamp of change.    buy it, read it, share it, gift it! inspire a young mind today!!"
 
							read the reviews
get a copy 


 






 











catalyzing wellbeing & impact
about




ashwin naik is an entrepreneur and author on a mission to catalyze wellbeing and impact.
as an entrepreneur he has started multiple healthcare organisations – manah wellness (platform for preventive mental health), let’s talk (helpline for mental health support during covid19), vaatsalya (india’s first rural hospitals network), seraniti (india’s first integrated mental health organization, acquired by curefit) and we scale impact (global health consulting).
he is the author of two books – the healthcare gamechangers, which profiles innovations around the world which have the potential to change the way healthcare is delivered, and #changestartsyoung, a book about young changemakers who are starting as early as 11 years young.








 


trending
recent posts








created on 2023-02-17 12:23 published on 2023-02-17 12:40 journaling is a daily habit to have a meaningful conversation with oneself. “write what disturbs you, what you fear, what you have not been willing to speak about. be willing to be split open.” – natalie goldberg journaling, or the act of writing down one’s thoughts and […]
created on 2023-02-11 06:32 published on 2023-02-11 06:36 a review of the data from the india workplace wellbeing report 2023 indicates that there is a wide scope for improvement in the way organizations support the mental wellbeing of individuals at all levels. nearly 55% of individuals reported moderate to severe signs of anxiety, 29% reported moderate to […]
as the world navigates the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and looks towards a more sustainable and equitable future, the role of india in shaping the global health agenda is more important than ever. as the current g20 president, india has a unique opportunity to lead the way in advancing health and well-being for all. health to […]




view more







 


featured
top posts








a 500-year old dargah (islamic shrine) in unava, gujarat, is today the site of a quirky merger of faith healing and modern psychiatry. for centuries, local legend has credited the hazrat saiyed ali mira datar dargah with the power to cure various mental illnesses. but since 2008, the dargah’s mujavars (traditional healers) have been trained by experts […]
microsoft co-founder (and the world’s richest man) mr. bill gates was recently in india to explore, learn and be updated about innovations happening in the healthcare and agricultural sectors with some private sector companies. during the course of his visit, mr. gates met up with healthcare leaders of the likes of dr. naveen nishchal (chairman […]
“tomorrow is fathers day in our school. you have to come to my class. you can sit with me. yaaay” how do you fight this pure unadulterated enthusiasm from a five year old. i had to reluctantly agree. and was dragged along with a few other, equally reluctant fathers to a pre-school with four and […]




view more







 


media & articles
recommended








one of the biggest challenges in the healthcare system is that it vests disproportionate power in the hands of a few – the medical practitioners. doctors are at the top of the knowledge hierarchy in the system and hence, wield significant power in decision-making, relegating the rest of the players to marginal roles of following […]
this post is part of a series on the healthcare gamechangers. read all the stories in this series here. in the modern day of doctor-patient confidentiality and the computerization of medical records, there is little chance of a whole family visiting a practice for advice, or the merrygo-round of doctors being able to spot and act upon […]
this post is part of a series on the healthcare gamechangers. read all the stories in this series here. the story of nalini saligram and arogya world healthcare has been developing along one line for centuries. we look to help people far too late in the process to have any meaningful intervention. once someone presents with type […]




view more

 











the healthcare gamechangers
latest reviews


 get your copy


idea toolkit for healthcare entrepreneurs
a great book for all the stakeholders in the healthcare ecosystem. it is thought provoking and inspiring prodding everyone to think of holistic wellness solutions.

dr ashwin has done a great job in putting together a set of 12 entrepreneur stories from across the world. he weaves these stories under a unique 4-pronged framework
- everyone plays: expanding the healthcare ecosystem beyond doctors & nurses to include self, friends, families in the cure
- expand the playground: taking healthcare beyond the hospitals into communities
- invite new players: bringing in out of the box experts from engineering, technology, management, arts
- change the rules of the game: shift the mindset

it is a good book for healthcare entrepreneurs to look for ideas & principles as they build new age entreprises.

look forward to the next set of stories.











                        sachin oswal                    


 

healthcare beyond hospitals
an excellent book about providing healthcare beyond brick-and-mortar hospitals, it contains the detailed stories of entrepreneurs in india and overseas who are innovating new ways of providing care and healing by reaching out to the communities and society they live in. a worthwhile read for anyone concerned with or interested in the business or process of healthcare delivery.











                        amazon customer                    


 

a radical healthcare vision and its initial working examples
i sincerely believe that how you frame the challenge is more important than the way you respond to it. the challenge dr. ashwin naik poses in “the healthcare gamechangers” totally impressed me. the question posed by the author is: what would healthcare look like when it is not doctor-centric, hospital-centric and treatment-centric? when i look around, not only do i see is a world contrary to dr. ashwin’s vision, but i also see its growing importance. and yet, dr. ashwin goes at length to demonstrate that it is possible to create healthcare institutions where nurses are at the center or one coin health checkup happens at train stations or prescriptions involve music, dance, gardening, mindfulness rather than drugs. these case studies come from all over the world – asia, europe, the us, africa, south america from developed and developing countries. dr. ashwin neither says that it is easy nor does he present any formula. however, anyone who finds the challenge posed by dr. ashwin interesting can get enough pointers from the book to get started. anyone who is concerned about healthcare reform would find this book useful.











                        vinay dabholkar                    


 

great book to know global perspective on healthcare
this is a must read for anyone interested in learning about various successful models of healthcare. the book addressed some of the large scale fundamental issues that have plagued healthcare and gives some of the successful solutions to those problems. the other great thing is the emphasis on community and its role in delivering care. i learnt that family, doctors, nurses and neighbors can all add value in making the society healthier. written in a simple language, this books offers multiple perspectives and learnings on delivering holistic health.











                        amazon customer                    


 
 







ashwin naik, a doctor and founder of a successful hospital chain, offers a vision of the future of healthcare that surprisingly features neither doctors nor hospitals. rather this intriguing book offers compelling insights into what is wrong with today's healthcare system and stories about the changemakers--and levers of change--that can lead to solutions.




                        al hammond                    
/ global healthcare expert


 


in today's world, healthcare unfortunately gets equated with 'care of the sick' and the tertiary care behemoths hog the limelight. in such a scenario, dr naik's book brings in a refreshingly different approach and takes a much broader view of healthcare, and rightly so. he has managed to cover a host of issues ranging from non-communicable diseases and primary care to palliative care and prevention. even more admirably, he has scouted for some of the most insightful examples across the world and shared their recipe for others to emulate.




                        ratan jalan                    
/ founder & principal consultant, medium healthcare consulting


 


each profile is well-presented and thought-provoking, and the fact that they come from different parts of the world makes it even more interesting.




                        sunil wadhwani                    
/ wish foundation


 


this book should be special...coming from the man who looked at creating an impact in one of the toughest industries...healthcare..




                        amit kapoor                    
/ honorary chairman, institute for competitiveness


 
 get your copy 











#changestartsyoung
latest reviews


 get your copy


"this is not a book, it is a matchstick  which can ignite the lamp of change. buy it, read it, share it, gift it! inspire a young mind today!!"











                        rashmi bansal                    

/ author, entrepreneur, youth expert

 

"loved it. very nice. so very kid (and adult) friendly!"











                        abhijit bhaduri                    

/ author - dreamers and unicorns

 

"if there’s anything these past ten years of yourstory has taught me, it’s that india is a land of millions of aspiring changemakers who have the passion and ideas to create lasting change. all they need is inspiration from role models to act on their ideas without fear. i believe the stories of the 20 young changemakers featured in #changestartsyoung will inspire our youth to be like them. the book is filled with such well-told stories and so many beautiful illustrations that have the power to resonate with our youth, and the potential to start a movement of young changemakers across india. it’s a book i would’ve wanted to write." 











                        shradha sharma                    

/ founder & ceo, yourstory media

 

“children are, and indeed have been, active participants in society. the wonders that india’s nearly 500 million children can do for nation building, if truly given an opportunity, is
hard to fathom. #changestartsyoung is a brilliant attempt at capturing a sliver of this magic through the lives of children as young as eight. this book comes at an opportune time as the
world rallies around world children’s day in 2019 to celebrate 30 years of the adoption of the convention on the rights of the child (crc). books like #changestartsyoung don’t just simply inspire young people. they also help adults to reflect and re-examine our opinions and attitudes, by considering children’s potential as change agents. all we need to do is give our children a free rein, so they can actively participate at all levels to flourish as today’s citizens!”











                        dr. yasmin ali haque                    

/ unicef representative in india

 

"stories initiate changes. role models drive changes. however, when you combine stories with role models, or rather stories of role models, this could result in something bigger than the sum of its parts. this could set the foundation for a deeper and longer lasting impact, especially on our youth. this beautiful and well-told book achieves this purpose. this book is not laid out as one that you can just read and move on with life, but as one which enables you to imbibe lessons, and most importantly put into practice." 











                        sangeeth varghese                    

/ leadership thinker and founder, leadcap ventures

 
 







foreword 

around the world when i meet young people, i ask them  “what kind of world you would like to create? imagine the world you would like to build and start working now to create that world”. i tell them that young people have all the creativity and technology in their hands to achieve that.

it is my dream to see a world of zero poverty, zero unemployment and zero net carbon emission. needless to say that this world is not possible without harnessing the energy and creativity of young people. 

i am glad to see this book #changestartsyoung profiling inspiring young changemakers who are starting  early in their lives, some as early as 11 years of age. these stories give me hope that the world of my dreams is indeed possible and young people are already leading the way. 

each of us has much more hidden inside us than we actually explore. unless we create an environment that enables us to discover the limits of our potential, we will never know what we have inside of us.

what impressed me about the changemakers profiled in #changestartsyoung is what i remind everybody: "if you follow the old roads you will always end up at the old destination.  old path is a path to disaster. don't follow the old roads. pursue your imagination. build new roads to reach the new world of your imagination.”

#changestartsyoung demonstrates that new roads are being built and i wish to see more changemakers to  join this mission of #changestartsyoung.




                        prof muhammad yunus                     
/ nobel peace laureate 2006


 
 get your copy 



 

blog update
from our blog










february 17, 2023

 daily journaling for leaders

created on 2023-02-17 12:23 published on 2023-02-17 12:40 journaling is a daily habit to have a meaningful conversation with oneself. “write what disturbs you, what you fear, what you have not been willing to speak about. be willing to be split open.” – natalie goldberg journaling, or the act of writing down one’s thoughts and […]








february 11, 2023

 the normalization of stress: a growing concern in the workplace

created on 2023-02-11 06:32 published on 2023-02-11 06:36 a review of the data from the india workplace wellbeing report 2023 indicates that there is a wide scope for improvement in the way organizations support the mental wellbeing of individuals at all levels. nearly 55% of individuals reported moderate to severe signs of anxiety, 29% reported moderate to […]













january 15, 2023

 india’s opportunity to shape global health as g20 president

as the world navigates the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and looks towards a more sustainable and equitable future, the role of india in shaping the global health agenda is more important than ever. as the current g20 president, india has a unique opportunity to lead the way in advancing health and well-being for all. health to […]








january 3, 2023

 five workplace approaches to make employee mental health a priority in 2023

as the world enters 2023, workplaces that are just emerging from the pandemic, great resignation, the geopolitical conflicts are now facing an impending global economic slowdown. the pandemic highlighted the significance of employee mental health and organisations started to make it a priority. as we enter the new year, here are five approaches that are […]








december 14, 2022

 young people, climate change & mental health

created on 2022-12-14 06:52 published on 2022-12-14 07:01 what do young people worry about? ask any teenager today about the things that they worry about, and likely they are very different from what the previous generations worried about. no longer is finding a job the top most area of concern. young people realize they have […]



 


view all posts

 



 

get updates in your inbox
subscribe to newsletter


 ﻿







 get your copy





 get your copy 



 
 
 




 

contact me
keep in touch




if you’d like to chat about working on a project together, or learn more about working with me, get in touch!



 























submit


δ


© 2020 ashwin naik. all rights reserved


 




















 please insert widget into sidebar canvas in appearance > widgets 








start here
books

the healthcare gamechangers
#changestartsyoung


speaker
contact
 





























































































































 
