







autism society creating connections for the autism community to live fully.











































  




skip to content






	contact us: 1 (800) 328-8476
donate now 


search for:








toggle navigationwhat is autismthe autism experience


		an introduction to autism spectrum disorder, prevalence, signs, characteristics, factors, and more.
	
screening & diagnosis


		identifying autism, related conditions, diagnosis by life stage, and educational evaluations.
	
connectlocal support


		connect to local autism society affiliates in your area.
	
blog


		stay connected with the latest news and updates from the autism society.
	
gifts of acceptance


		get connected to the diversity of stories and the autism society's impact this year.
	
learntraining & resource center


		our training & resource center provides online training, certifications, and resources to meet growing community needs.
	
resources by topic


		explore helpful resources from the autism community.
	
get involvedways to give


		learn how to connect and give back to the autism community.
	
national programs


		learn more about our national programs and how they support the autism community.
	
corporate partnerships


		learn more about our corporate partnerships and their impact.
	
autism justice center


		learn more about the austism justice center's impact and gain access to helpful resources for you and your family. 
	
2024 election


find out if you're eligible to vote and explore our voting resources.	
take action


		learn how to take action through the autism society's advocacy center.
	
about uswho we are


		the mission, vision, values, guiding principles, and history of the autism society.
	
what we do


		learn how the autism society advocates for meaningful change in the autism community.
	
our team


		learn about the hearts and minds of the autism society’s staff and board.
	
 


search for:








get supportdonate now
 





homewatsoncreative2025-01-29t10:00:08-05:00 

 


join




autism society
the connection is you. 
get connected to the resources you need, when you need them. 

                    get connected. 
                    



















the autism
experience
about useveryone’s story is different.
the experience of autism is not one thing. it is many things. it’s dreams, talents, relationships, victories, hurdles, and everything in between. the connection between those experiences is you.
you break the mold. no matter who you are, the person you are is infinite—and you are the only you there is.
about uswhat the autism society does
everyone deserves to live fully. at the core of the autism society’s work is a goal to influence meaningful change in support of the autism community.
what we doget involved
work together, make a difference. learn more about the autism society’s programs including affiliate networks, public policy efforts, training, and safety.
make an impact



what the autism society does
everyone deserves to live fully. at the core of the autism society’s work is a goal to influence meaningful change in support of the autism community.
what we do




get involved
work together, make a difference. learn more about asa’s programs including affiliate networks, public policy efforts, training, and safety.
make an impact




find an affiliate
get connected to affiliates in your area.
local support
understanding
autism
what is autism spectrum disorder? learn about prevalence, signs & characteristics, causes, screening & diagnosis, and more.
learn moreconnect to
knowledge
the autism society is your connection to resources, news, events, and support for the autism community.
autism acceptance month
this april, get connected as we #celebratedifferences for autism acceptance month. download resources, host a fundraiser, connect to each other.
learn more
resources by topic
from employment to education to health and wellness, explore helpful resources to get the support you need.
explore resources
news & updates
change is happening every day. stay connected with the latest news on our blog, where we share national statements, organizational updates, and community stories.
read morescreening & diagnosis
learn more about the signs and characteristics of autism, as well as screening and diagnosis options.
learn morevaccine education initiative
the vaccine education initiative (vei) aims to increase vaccine education, confidence, and access through grassroots efforts.
learn moreget support
the autism society is here to support you. from the national helpline to the affiliate network, we strive to provide the help you need.
contact us





 through the autism society, we were able to retrieve a sense of community, comfort and connection.
~ curt w.






connect to
experience
the autism society connects you to the support you need, when you need it with our experienced information & referral specialists at our helpline.
connect with a team member todayconnect to
community
there are many ways to get involved in the autism community. whether it’s supporting a crucial initiative, attending an event, becoming an autism society member, or making a donation, the autism society is your connection to making a difference.


take action

advocacy impact




make a donation


donate now



become a member

join us




attend an event


coming soon	






 
 
connect to support
from the autism
society
get support
6110 executive boulevard
suite 305
rockville, maryland 20852
 1 (800) 328-8476
 info@autism-society.org
services
toggle navigationget supportnational programsautism justice centeraffiliate networkinformation
toggle navigationgivecorporate partnershipsabout usprivacy policysubscribe to our newsletter
accredited seals




© 2025 autism society



 
 















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset







 


