


1099: the magazine for independent professionals









 





we're no longer updating the 1099 site.please enjoy our archives.  
































  

















      


 









          our insanity columnist escapes back to the freelance world, and immediately 
          starts seeing things. somebody call a shrink... or just read his latest 
          raving.   full story



      






current columns:



 
use that voice of yours to do something other than order big macs -- use it to get work.

 
        making up with an angry client is tough; peter economy can make it easier.

 
        is it possible to be a nutcase and a source of solo-worker wisdom simultaneously?

 
        june walker, taxes ranger, patrols this section of freelance country.











 boss-free people



antiques appraiser: independent appraiser judy campbell turned her passion for antiques from a weekend hobby into a profession -- and then took it prime time. relics to riches   full story
cameraman: "i paint -- i paint," says cameraman eddie marritz. "that's why people hire me. i explore the geography of spaces and people's faces." light and lens   full story

curator: surely you knew that museum curators can be independent professionals. it's an interesting life, complete with mother goddesses, problem clients (sound familiar?), and a diabetic male cat named... susan? don't ask. she's on display  full story
 detective: ip chris horsch is a private eye -- a real one. turn off your tv and tune in to this story to find out what these guys actually do. the ip pi   full story
diarist: a diary can be a tool for self-expression, revelation, venting frustration, or just fun. but who would have thought someone could make a living helping other people make diaries? self-exposure   full story
engineer: when things get hot, consulting engineer barry pitts keeps his cool. consultant of cool   full story

etiquette consultant: is your lack of tact killing your business? might be time to hire an etiquette consultant. somebody like jodi smith. oh, behave   full story

event planner: charrisse min alliegro uses her wall street savvy to help couples tie the knot in style. ringmaster    full story
executive: even in the internet industry, experience counts.  teresa kersten has turned her 15 years of work at apple, intuit, and elsewhere into a one-woman silicon valley market. vp for hire   full story
foley artist: you may not know his name, but you probably know his work. meet ip foley artist dustin dupilka, the guy who made the... um... retching sounds for the tentacled baby in men in black. sounds good   full story 
healthcare consultant: people hire personal trainers to keep themselves fit. so do healthcare institutions like hospitals, medical clinics, and advocacy groups. consultant matthew mcclain is their soft-spoken task master. he pulls together healthcare   full story

hypnotherapist: hypnotism is all about getting zonked, right? wrong. read what a real freelance hypnotist does. the power of suggestion   full story
illustrator: tim o'brien is a well-known ip illustrator who's also a boxer. when was the last time you met an artist who sidelined as a tough guy? the canvas man   full story
landscape designer: when it's hot in the hamptons, superstar summer residents hire ip  elizabeth lear. she loves to get her hands dirty   full story
parade planner: after 25 years in the corporate world, don lunday found life much better marching down main street. hit parade   full story
percussionist/public speaker: michael bayard helps his clients build teamwork by teaching them to thump the skins. drum machine   full story
personal trainer: as a personal fitness trainer, jon giswold doesn't just help you to get buff. he's a problem solver, a mentor, and a motivator. pump you up   full story
pilot: gene boyle of moab utah's slickrock air guides 
          is one part fearless aviator, one part trusted guide, one part showman, 
          and 100% independent professional. bird's eye view   
          full story
political consultant: independent 
          political consultant michael connolly wants to help the little guy. 
          spin doctor   full story

producer: even in the complex film projects of tinsel town, some people work for themselves. meet john daly. film by one   full story
publisher: if you're a ceo, you'd better hope peter chapman  never writes about your company -- because if he does, it probably means you're getting flushed down the toilet. banking on bankruptcy   full story
restaurateur: a good restaurant offers more than tasty food; it exudes a vibe. funky frenchman olivier boudon helps aspiring restaurateurs make the scene. restaurateur to go   full story
stylist: candy canes in july? swimsuits in february? 
          a casserole dish with attitude? prop stylist judy singer digs 
          up stuff like this all the time -- and makes a healthy living doing 
          it. a winning proposition   full story


            

            



 boss-free issues 



-- the bucks --
how to charge: the 
          decision that every ip has to make -- should you charge by the hour 
          or by the project?   full story
quid pro quo: bartering is rarely a core business 
          strategy for most ips... but it may help cut down on your start-up costs 
          and spread the word about your business.   full story

charge your clients more: if you're ready to raise your 
          rates (and you should be from time to time), do it. and don't be apologetic 
          about it, either. just be smart.  full story
cough it up: getting work is good, getting paid for it is better still. getting paid on time is best of all. ips talk  about how to get your client to pay the damned invoice already.   full story



-- the buzz --
the genuine 
          article: not a writer? you should still try to get published. articles 
          establish your expertise better than almost any other marketing tool. 
          here's a realistic look at how to get rolling. 
            full story
 
 bearing your first web child: just "having 
          a web site" doesn't make you special any more... especially if it's 
          garbage. if you're planning to lose your online virginity, here's some 
          advice to help you make the most of the (ahem) pregnant possibilities. 
            full story
beating the night terrors: no 
work coming in? living in your own private horror movie? we feel your pain... no, actually, that's baloney. only you feel your pain. but we do have some advice.   full story
don't be bashful: nobody's saying you have to cruise the town square bellowing your name and phone number. nobody's saying you shouldn't, either. but if you expect to succeed in self-employment, you'd better make time to market yourself somehow.  full story
naming your business: you can invent a name for your solo business, or simply use the one you were born with. we found that ips disagree on this issue. full story



-- the gigs --
teaming up: for many ips, working solo is the best part of the job -- but sometimes it makes plain old business sense to take on a partner.   full story 
saying no: nobody likes to turn down work, but sometimes it's necessary if you value other things -- your sanity, reputation, and free time, for example. full story
clients 
          you can live without: yes, we know, you love your clients. most 
          of them. sometimes, however, a client crawls out of your nightmare swamp 
          and almost makes you wish you were a wage slave again. sound familiar?  
          full story. 
          




-- the big picture --
work junkies: why do freelancing and workaholism 
          go hand in hand?   full story

 tower of babel: freelancers have more labels 
          than the canned goods aisle in the supermarket. here's a fun look at 
          the names they call themselves.   full story
hand off: you can try to do everything yourself... or 
          you can outsource some business tasks to someone else.   full story
after hours ip: you put in eight hours for the man... now put in a few for yourself.   full story
propose to me: when the big suit asks you to work, that's called making money. when the big suit invites you to beg for work, that called an rfp. money is better, but still...   full story
give it away: if "show me the money" has become your professional battle cry, it may be time to consider donating your professional services to a good cause.   full story

on the rocks: your business, your clients, your work 
          -- just thinking about this stuff used to make you feel all tingly. 
          now it just makes you feel nauseous. read this, and bring back the romance. 
            full story
  
the ten commandments: if you're 
          looking for a laugh, check out these surefire breaches of business etiquette. 
          commit them, though, and you'll have more free time than you probably 
          want.   full story
 


      

      



 flotsam & jetsam 






check out our new ip-to-b 
                directory.
are you boss-free? looking for services? click 
                here.









1099's last gasp








•
 
technolust 
              or technobust?







•
 
do you copy?







•
 
spreading goodwill 
              -- they gotta love ya!







•
 
how to 
              sell advice like a pro







•
 
the big diss: 
              ips and disability insurance



 
        1099 index: the sequel
we want to know everything we can about you boss-free characters. 
        and we figure maybe you want to know about you, too. (okay, so you already 
        know about yourself -- but do you know what your peers are up to?) 1099
magazine proudly announces the second annual 1099 index, 
        our survey of all things ip-ish. the other press is already writing it 
        up and calling for interviews, but on this here webzine you've come to 
        the source. read our commentary.
 



from our shameless bragging department...
1099 may be a little weird but we feel the love:
love: access magazine 
          gave us four stars and said we have "a cheeky style that almost takes 
          the place of water-cooler banter... the volume of information can be 
          overwhelming... fortunately, a good design makes it easy to sort through. 
          bottom line: if you freelance, this is a must-read." cheeky, 
          eh? we're not sure which cheeks these guys are talking about, but we're 
          checking with their anatomy editor and we'll get back to you. 
love: one of the "idiots" books called us "sassy, smart, and irreverent." and here we thought we were plodding, dumb, and respectful of authority.
love:
the webzine feed observed: "seems like lately everybody's telling their boss to shove it and becoming a free agent... check out 1099, the salty on-line magazine..." thanks for the salt, fellas, but telling your boss to "shove it"? such language! we're shocked -- shocked!
love:
we were nominated for a british academy award for interactive entertainment! and here we thought this was a business site? well, anyway, we went to the awards dinner and did our best to speak english, but the british bird watchers' site beat us anyway. that made us all a-flutter, but we're chirpy again now.

love:
usa today named us a hot site, and project cool named us sighting of the day. is it possible to be hot and cool simultaneously? say, are there any ip thermal engineering consultants who can clear this up for us?


love:
the san jose mercury news called us a "flashy site worth visiting." that's  a relief... if  the chief geeks in silicon valley don't like you in this web biz, you're in trouble.

love:
fortune magazine said we're "a great little online magazine."  thanks, guys, we think you're a great little offline magazine.

love:
working solo's e-newsletter said we're  "filled with solid content and an upbeat
attitude" and "well worth a bookmark on your browser."  upbeat? aw, gee, and we thought we had a lousy attitude!

love:
the orange county register and about.com (the mining company)  featured us too, and we're a featured content partner on inc. magazine's new inc.com site. we don't have a clever sarcastic remark about this stuff yet, but never fear, we're working on it.

 how to blow an interview: you're being interrogated... 
          excuse us, interviewed by a potential client. there's standard advice 
          on how to play this... and then there's our crazed columnist's advice. 
          hey, it's your career, dude. you decide. full story
 

great ips in history
leonardo 
          da vinci: leonardo was a great painter, a brilliant scientist, an 
          inventive engineer, and one of the most catastrophic project-management 
          screwups in the history of freelancing.   full story

  









list of all our articles...










read 
  letters | back issues | behind 
  the scenes | top
 

entire 
    contents copyright © 2001 1099 
    magazine. all rights reserved.
    the 1099 name and logo are trademarks of 1099 magazine.
read 
    about our privacy 
    policy.




