






coastal retreat yoga & pilates


























































skip to content

 coastal retreat yoga & pilates


menu
home
new clients
schedule
pricing
wellness programs & events

meditation
acupuncture

patient information




pilates

the life changer


yoga
meet the team
**become a teacher**

yoga teacher training
pilates teacher training


babies
private class & event request
delmarva ehlers-danlos syndrome support
 






home























 









new client offers here!




















who we are 







 







at coastal retreat, we pride ourselves on being knowledgeable, focused on evidence-based therapies, while upholding the importance of warmth, friendliness and connection. we are proud of our community of clients & practitioners., who each bring something special to the family at coastal retreat.  we hope you’ll bring your unique gifts and personality to enhance our coastal retreat family, where you’ll be welcomed with open arms!   











what  we offer 







 







full equipment pilates studio with top-of-the-line merrithew v2 max reformers, gratz towers/cadillac, gratz baby arm chair, gratz barrels, gratz pedi-pole, ladder barrel, and wunda chairs.yoga & meditation studio with heated floors and fully stocked with props such as mats, cork blocks, blankets, yoga bolsters and other small equipment for your practiceaerial studio with 12 student hammocksthree treatment rooms/offices for massage, acupuncture, reiki, occupational & physical therapy and other wellness modalities and medical services 










 





sign up 



the first step to working with us is getting set up on our app through software provider ” momence”.   from this software, you can sign up for classes, manage waivers and paperwork, make payments and receive timely announcements in the event of a delay, class addition or special event!   






sign up 














contact info 


















 




							phone numbers						


						+1 443.222.1063 (coastal retreat yoga & pilates, general information)+1 410.739.0495 (better days acupuncture with dr. amanda courie)+1 410.829.1342 (interplay pediatric occupational therapy with annie troshinsky)+1 410.745.2378 (massage with donna real)					









 




'
hours						


						by appointment/reservation, please check with individual schedules. 









 




							location						


						717 goldsborough st, easton, md 21601 
























 




							email addresses						


						frontdesk@coastal-retreat.com (coastal retreat yoga & pilates, general information)amanda@betterdaysacupuncture.net (better days acupuncture with dr. amanda courie)anntroshinsky@gmail.com (interplay pediatric occupational therapy with annie troshinsky)ptadmin@optimumtherapists.com (optimum pediatric physical therapy 










 













proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: sela by wordpress.com.		






















