



discover mountain biking your source for mountain bike training, education and entertainment on the 'net!




















































 

















  monthly 
    newsletter! article 
    updates!



 welcome! 
    dmtb is an ever-expanding multimedia encyclopedia of mountain bike training, 
    education and entertainment. the learning facility 
    features the essential knowledge guide that helps 
    the newbie get started in mountain biking, including a how-to on setting a 
    mountain bike up correctly. the learning facility 
    also features the mountain bike training area 
    that uses intuitive methods to teach all the skills and techniques necessary 
    to reach any level of mountain biking proficiency. there is also a physical 
    training area where you can learn to build endurance and strength! 
    interactivity is dmtbs 
    area for you, the rider. with free user web sites, message forums, newsletters, 
    featured authors and more. us bike shops has 
    every place that sells bicycles in the united states! videos and pics 
    is our library of mtb pictures and mtb videos. that's not all! discover mountain 
    biking has much more to offer the mountain biking public! look around!





home 
  | learning facility | interactivity 
  | us bike shops | videos 
  & pics | contact dmtb | ??
original 
  materials on this site are legal and intellectual property of discover mountain 
  biking.
  reproduction of any portion of any materials on this site without prior consent 
  is absolutely not allowed.
disclaimer privacy policy


 
about 
    discover mountain biking
about the author
about 
    discover mountain biking  
  
discover mountain biking is my (trialsman's) mountain 
    bike hobby site. the intention of dmtb is to help people to enjoy what i see 
    as one of the better aspects of my life. currently possibly the largest and 
    most useful repository of mountain bike education, training and entertainment on the internet, 
    dmtb still has a long way to go to reach the lofty heights that i envision 
    for the site.
the site was conceived of and went online in december 
    of 1999 as the combined result of my successful 'field testing' my training 
    methods on a willing subject and also realizing that most mountain bike sites 
    out there were personal home pages or what i call 'commercial information' 
    sites. 'commercial information' sites feature information such as race events 
    and results, trail guides, swap areas, message boards, links to similar sites 
    etc. they also feature information on manufacturers, product reviews, branded 
    products, books, videos and on and on. all of which is great but these sites 
    don't have actual information about the actual process of mountain biking!
where was the honest to goodness useful information 
    to help people get an appropriate bike and get it set up properly, learn basic 
    safety and trail etiquette, get training in mountain bike skills and techniques 
    and actually learn to ride?

thus discover mountain biking was born.  it 
    actually has information on mountain biking.  if you don't know a single 
    thing about mountain bikes and want to learn, you have come to the right place.  
    if you are a mountain biker, but don't know what frames, components and such 
    are right for you and your style of riding, you have come to the right place.  
    if you are a good mountain biker, but wish to increase your skill level and 
    don't have anyone to learn from, you have come to the right place. if you are 
    looking for information on health issues that relate to mountain biking, again you 
    have come to the right place! and there is still so much more contained within 
    this virtual encyclopedia!
 
 


about 
    trialsman
    i have been an avid off-road cyclist since i was a child and i have always 
    loved bicycles of all types. my family wasn't exactly poor during my childhood, 
    but things were tough enough that i had to build my own bicycles out of stuff 
    other people threw away. eventually, this turned into a sort of business or 
    trade for my brother and i. we collected old bikes from all over the place, 
    tore them down and built solid working bikes with the best parts, bikes which 
    we usually sold. my first new bicycle i bought myself out of my own earnings 
    from working on bikes, mowing lawns, and shoveling snow etc.
 when i moved to florida i 
    started mountain biking on the roads and during my college years it was handy for 
    getting back and forth from school and parking was easy. this is where i began 
    developing speed and endurance. then my interests shifted more to off-road 
    mountain biking where roadie speed and endurance were very useful. i set about developing 
    additional leg strength and mountain biking skills. i began riding in strip 
    mines and rock pits to increase the challenge. i moved more and more to hardcore 
    off-road mountain biking with near vertical descents, climbs that most considered 
    impassable and i liked to "forget the trails let's head out into the thick 
    of the woods and see who falls over first" etc. it still wasn't challenge 
    enough. mondo (my brother) was kind enough to introduce me to observed trials 
    and that occupied my attention for a few years. totally self-taught, i acheived 
    expert status over the course of about two years and i won every competition 
    i was in, in both standard and modified classes (with the exception of one 
    competition that i competed in with a sprained and swollen right hand).
i tackle everything with the 
    same thought process. i analyze the situation, determine the physics of 'what 
    must happen' for the situation to be overcome, conceive of the skill/technique 
    that will meet the requirements of physics, develop a training method to learn 
    the necessary skill/technique on a small scale, practice until confident, 
    apply the skill/technique to the reality of the situation, and overcome.
using my intuitive training 
    methods, i began teaching skills/techniques to others while in college. my 
    methods often seemed silly to most, but after relatively short periods of 
    practice these same people were surprised by the skills/techniques they mastered, 
    and so quickly! they craved more!
in 1998 i successfully 'field 
    tested' my training methods with friend dan, an accomplished mountain biker 
    / aspiring observed trials rider that had been riding with a professional 
    observed trials competitor for some years but had not learned more than the 
    basics. dan became an expert class trials rider in less than six months! this 
    was a phenomenal result and i decided i had something to share with the world.





discovermountainbiking has moved.  i am working on putting all functions back online.  
 
















monthly poll





do you experience numbness or tingling in your hands?


	never.

	sometimes.

	always.







view results






















