




































    
salem wood | apartments in salem, va
  















          


   
    

 

 

 




    home



  floor plans



  gallery



  leasing information



  amenities


   pet policy





  neighborhood



  resident access



  resident reviews



  contact us



  schedule a tour



  apply now






 pets welcomewe understand that pets are part of the family. that's why your pets are welcome to join our community at salem wood apartments. 3 pet limit1st floor: 100 lbs | 2nd & 3rd floor: 60 lbs1 pet ( pet rent and fees apply )2 pet ( pet rent and fees apply )reptiles (restricted breeds) , rodents (including ferrets), rottweilers, doberman pinschers, american and pit bulls, american staffordshire terriers, staffordshire bull terriers, chow chows, alaskan malamute, presa canario, cane corso, mastiff, bull mastiff and wolf hybrids, unless used as a service animal. this includes mixed breed dogs with one or more of the aforementioned breeds.
speak with a member of our friendly leasing team for more details.
qualifying criteriatouring: government issued i.d is required to tour. income: income verification is required during the application process.credit/criminal: unsatisfactory credit may require additional deposit & criminal background checks are required.
applicant feesapplication fee: $50
view career openings



    call us
  540-306-4742

  visit us
 100 kimball ave salem, va 24153
  office hours
    mon - fri
 9:30 am 
- 5:30 pm


 saturday
 9:00 am 
- 2:00 pm


 sunday
closed









       






 



        secluded, garden-style apartments in salem, va
  salem wood

 salem wood
apartments

  

find your space




    the lifestyle you’ve been looking for.
 welcome home! settle into the good life at salem wood apartments and choose from our pet-friendly 2 bedroom apartments in salem, virginia. our convenient location is right where you want to be in salem, with diverse dining, shopping, and recreation activities just around the corner from your new home. come home to your new apartment at salem wood apartments today.   

choose your space




    
      

  2
bedroom
  

choose your home












   
 comfortably tucked away
     apartments

 amenities

 prime location


 

   designed with you in mind.


choosing a salem wood apartment means choosing convenience in a home designed to meet your needs. from our newly renovated apartments to our updated community amenities, we have everything you need to fit your lifestyle. begin with online applications, and once you've moved in, take advantage of online payments — we make it easy. we are excited to welcome you to our vibrant community. 

  browse photos





 

   convenience at your doorstep


when it comes to amenities, salem wood has what you need to be more than comfortable in your new home — all in a pet-friendly community.   

  our amenities





 

   choose to live above it all


beyond your doorstep, salem offers diverse shopping areas, highly rated schools, and respected employers. make the most of your days with a convenient location near walmart. explore the endless entertainment and recreation opportunities. venture out for a day of play or kick back and grab some grub right in your backyard at restaurants like mac and bobs, el jefes, alejandros, macados, allsports, papas pizza, mama marias, and awful arthurs. our garden-style apartments put you close to everything you need in salem, virginia. 

  see what's nearby










    choose to live above it all
  experience salem wood


     

schedule a tour


   

apply today











       

    

 

 

 





  540-306-4742
 100 kimball ave salem, va 24153
    mon - fri
 9:30 am 
- 5:30 pm


 saturday
 9:00 am 
- 2:00 pm


 sunday
closed




      



   
 


























   






    accessibility



  privacy policy



  sitemap








   professionally managed by
 


 powered by
 


 website design by
 









  




















































































































  
  share by:










