






dental temps professional services has provided dental recruiting and job placement since 2002




























































dental tempsdental temps professional services
home
about us
services
temporary resources
contact us
blog
now interviewing dental professionals
kim knapp, president

dental temps professional services
exclusively serving the employment needs for dental professionals since 2002

whether you are looking for a temporary or permanent job in the dental profession, or you’re a dental practice seeking highly qualified personnel, dental temps professional services is an industry leader in facilitating the process of placing the right person in the right job. it’s important to us to create relationships with each client, and job candidate, which allows us to ensure that the very best fit candidate is placed in the most appropriate position. we work exclusively with the dental profession so that we can pinpoint exactly what your needs are.
our loyalty is to the jacksonville, florida dental community and we provide service for duval, clay, st. johns, and nassau counties. we want to create a valuable recruiting experience for our dental practice clients and candidates.
call us today at 904-220-4459 to see how we can partner with you.

some of the dental staffing services that we provide are:

temporary and permanent professional staffing services
same day call – our signature service
recruiting
face-to-face interviews
resume audie
career coaching and mentoring
reference checks and credentials verification
human resources consulting
human resources support
public speaking

we’ll help you smile on monday and every day of the week.

about usour staff is dedicated to ensuring that the best fit candidate is matched to each job opportunity
since 2002, hundreds of dental practices have placed their … read more
servicesdental temps professional services is a professional consulting firm, with a specialty in human resource management that exclusively serves the employment needs … read more
temporary resourceswe are dedicated to creating a valuable recruiting experience for our clients and candidates
for your convenience, you will find helpful forms on this page that … read more
copyright © 2025 · dental temps of northeast florida, inc. d/b/a dental temps professional services
13245 atlantic blvd suite 4-374 • jacksonville, fl 32225 • 
phone 904-220-4459  info@dentaltempsprofessionalservices.com • terms and conditions



















