




antique fishing tackle | antique lures
















 






welcome to earl's antique fishing tackle

hi, my name is earl grant. i am a collector of later
vintage and antique fishing tackle such as antique fishing lures, antique
fishing reels
and antique fishing rods. i have been a member of the 
'national
fishing lure collector's club (nflcc)'   since 1998. to join or learn more about the
nflcc and antique fishing tackle, visit their web site.  my main interests
are antique 
fishing lures made between 1914 and 1938 by
fred c. keeling of rockford, illinois. i also collect 3hk and 5hk antique 
fishing minnows made
by the larger lure manufacturers like heddon, south bend, shakespeare, pflueger, etc.
i put this site together to share information i have
gathered on fred c. keeling. along with a brief history of keeling. i have
added, and will be
adding, many pictures of antique keeling lures and boxes, from my collection, as
references. to learn about keeling click on the 'about keeling' icon or click
'here'.
i will also be adding several pictures of some of my
antique fishing lures, such as flyrod lures, 3hk
and 5hk minnows from various lure makers. to view them click on the 'my
collection' icon or click 'here'.
while searching out antique fishing lures, antique fishing
reels and antique fishing rods  for my
collection i have purchased many vintage and antique fishing tackle items that i
will resell or trade to fellow collectors. to view the items i currently have
for sale, which include lures, reels, rods, catalogs and misc, click on the 'for
sale' icon or click 'here'.
i hope you find this site interesting and informative.
revisit me often since i am in the process of constructing this site and the
list of items available for sale changes frequently.
to order
please confirm availability of item(s) and shipping costs either by phone or email
    before sending payment. i will accept a money order, bank check or personal check. if
    payment is made by personal check please allow 7-10 days for shipment otherwise shipment
    will be next day. i am not setup to accept credit cards directly. 
however, i do accept payment through paypal. my paypal 
account id is mageg@msn.com. my phone # is 
215-956-0993 and my email address is  mageg@msn.com.  
i normally use the usps priority shipping.  shipping costs will depend on weight and 
the destination zip code. some of the longer 1 piece rods may have an 
'oversized' shipping charge.  

your 'want' list
if you would like to leave a list of items you are looking 
for please send me an email and i will keep it on file and i will notify you
when i get something you might be interested in seeing.

paying top $$$$
i am always looking to add to my collection. i will pay
top dollar for a single lure or an entire collection. for more information on 
selling your old fishing tackle click ' here'.
 
about keeling   
my collection    what's
new    for sale    buying   
related links
site
map





 

to order:
please confirm availability of item(s) and shipping costs either by phone or 
email before sending payment. i will accept a money order, bank check or 
personal check. if payment is made by personal check please allow 7-10 days for 
shipment otherwise shipment will be next day. i am not setup to accept credit 
cards directly. however, i do accept payment through paypal but prefer a check 
or money order because of the paypal fees. my paypal account id is

mageg@msn.com. my phone # is 215-956-0993 and my email address is

mageg@msn.com. i normally use the usps priority shipping. shipping costs 
will depend on weight and the destination zip code. some of the longer 1 piece 
rods may have an 'oversized' shipping charge.

contact information: 
earl grant
538 fisher lane
warminster, pa 18974
email -

mageg@msn.com 
(215) 956-0993
copyright © 2001-2016 [earl's 
antique tackle]. all rights reserved.
revised: 11/22/14
 

