





aegee-europe – european students' forum































 





skip to content









facebooktwitterinstagramlinkedin 












  


search for:








what is aegee?thematic projectsfunded projectsfocus areascode of conductdata privacy policy statementbecome a memberfor membersmyaegeethe aegeeaneventsreimbursement formexternalnewsstatementsaegee’s partnersplatformscooperationspositionspublicationsfunded projectsnewslettercontactcontact informationdonationasrf donation 















homepage









homepageboss2024-12-08t11:36:30+01:00 
european students’ forumaegee is one of europe’s biggest interdisciplinary student organisations, striving for a democratic, diverse and borderless europe. as a non-governmental, politically independent, and non-profit organisation aegee is open to students and young people from all faculties and disciplines. founded in 1985 in paris, today aegee has grown to a network of 13.000 aegeeans, present in 161 cities in 40 countries all over europe. through our activities, we empower students and young people in europe to take an active role in society. we create a space for dialogue and learning opportunities as well as act as their representative towards decision-makers. aegee strengthens mutual understanding among young europeans and brings europe closer to young people.
statement of principlesaegee empowers students and young people in europe to take an active role in society. it creates a space for dialogue and learning opportunities as well as acts as their representative towards decision-makers. moreover, aegee strengthens mutual understanding and brings europe closer to young people.





read the statement of principles×statement of principles

we, the members of aegee,
young europeans coming from all regions of the continent, recognise that we are the future and present of our society and that our contribution to the construction of europe is our responsibility. we come together under a common vision of a democratic, diverse and borderless europe.
we come together in aegee to form an open, voluntary network where we transform our ideas into actions, develop ourselves to participate actively in society, and contribute to the european debate with our independent student’s perspective.
we hereby declare these principles to be fundamental to us:
the diversity of europe has to be valued, and we reflect it in our organisation. the richness of our continent relies on people from different cultures and backgrounds coming together and being united by common values.
cooperation between people and communities begins with dialogue and mutual understanding. we bring together students from all regions of europe and create friendships that break stereotypes and prejudices.
freedom and human rights are essential elements of a european society. through our work and behaviour, we aim to serve as an example and spread these values among the youth of our continent.
a strong europe is built upon the foundations of respect, tolerance and solidarity. following these values, we stand for an inclusive society where citizens enjoy equal opportunities and rights.
progress in europe has to be based on knowledge and unlimited access to education. by providing diverse learning opportunities and supporting a european dimension in education, we believe it gives young people better opportunities for the future.
by honoring and promoting these principles we shape a better europe.
contact

contact@aegee.eu 
rue du noyer / notelaarsstraat 55
1000 brussels, belgium
do not use this address heo-enjoy@aegee.org

meansintercultural exchangeaegee creates a space for members of different backgrounds to meet and learn about cultural differences, in order to foster mutual understanding. aegee supports mobility and encourages young people to cross borders and make new friends, to break stereotypes and strengthen tolerance, respect and solidarity.
summer universityadvocacy and policyaegee gathers the opinions of european students and represents them towards stakeholders through campaigns, lobby actions, conferences and membership in bigger advocacy platforms. in addition, aegee informs students and young people about the impact which european policies have in their lives and opportunities they offer.
positionsthematic projectsthematic projects, both local and international, are initiatives developed by members of aegee. they deal with current challenges in the european society, create awareness among young people and propose solutions from a students’ point of view.
projectspersonal developmentaegee provides learning opportunities for the development of its members through non-formal education and informal learning. by participating in trainings courses, workshops, and active involvement in the organisation, our members improve their competences (such as leadership skills, communication skills and team management) which will be useful for their future.
european eventsforum for discussionaegee provides a space for young europeans to discuss and exchange different points of view from a european perspective, in order to find a common ground. this exchange of ideas happens in all of our activities, but a special place for them is inside of our interest groups, projects, conferences and statutory events.

thematic focus areas 2023-2026
bridges of dialoguewe aim for young people to act as ambassadors for peaceful and constructive dialogue to contribute to preventing and resolving societal conflicts.

digital culturewe aim for young people to be able to contribute to a digital society that allows for responsible and open discourse

eco-responsible societywe aim for young people to contribute to a society that respects planetary boundaries

position paper | the populist anti-gender discourse and the impact on young people’s rights in europethis paper has been written by florina-marieta neagu, policy officer for social equity. in recent years, europe has been witnessing the rise of conservative actors, from politicians to civil society representatives, publicly opposing the so-called “gender ideology”. as a result, they managed to mobilise people against issues related to women’s [...]position paper | the role of the far right in european farmers’ protestes over eu enviromental policies this paper has been written by oluchi obi, policy officer for eco-responsible society. many european countries have been experiencing a wave of growing support for far-right populist parties in recent european and national elections. this fact has resulted in greater parliamentary representation of the far right and an especially [...]position paper | social media aids the rise in the populism with the potencial to destabilize democracythis paper has been written by michiel barten, the policy officer for digital culture. populism has seen a dramatic rise globally in the last two decades, spurred in part by a transformative shift in how societies communicate and interact. while social media platforms such as facebook, twitter, instagram, and tiktok [...]europe on track 10 | final results & policy recommentationsafter thousands of kilometers traveled across europe, countless workshops and engaging sessions, the 10th edition of europe on track has almost reached its final destination. this year, this amazing aegee-europe project brought young europeans together to discuss one of the current hot topics  - ai. from combating fake news and [...]y vote | policy paper on increasing youth participation in the democratic process and the impact of youth-led campaignspolicy paper written by florina-marieta neagu (policy officer of aegee-europe) with support from the y vote 2024 project team "young people don't vote, they're not interested in politics". we often hear these words. on the other hand, many young people express that they feel underrepresented by political institutions and believe [...]



 
 





projectssummer university
europe on track
eastern partnership+
mint
hermainy
y vote
smash
aegee election observation
aegee day
 

for membersmyaegee
the aegeean
events
reimbursement form
 

for externalsnews
aegee’s partners
platforms
cooperations
positions
funded projects
newsletter
 

working groupsbridges of dialogue
digital culture
eco-responsible society
 

 views and opinions expressed are however those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of the european union or the european education and culture executive agency (eacea). neither the european union nor eacea can be held responsible for them.

 

 

 
 
 





		copyright 1985 - 2024 aegee-europe | all rights reserved	


facebooktwitterinstagramlinkedin
 
 
 
 


 
 




















































































on this website we use first or third-party tools that store small files (cookie) on your device. cookies are normally used to allow the site to run properly (technical cookies), to generate navigation usage reports (statistics cookies) and to suitable advertise our services/products (profiling cookies). we can directly use technical cookies, but you have the right to choose whether or not to enable statistical and profiling cookies. enabling these cookies, you help us to offer you a better experience.
 


go to top




