     used car dealership | used cars for sale tucson az | cactus auto                             
                                      cactus auto        phone 520-888-0910    service 520-888-0910         1602 w prince rdtucson, az 85705                           service        map        contact                      cactus auto           call 520-888-0910   directions                       pre owned inventory   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   ev/ hybrid inventory   schedule test drive     specials   specials   featured vehicles   service coupons     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)   get pre-approved     file & drive   file and drive sales event      we buy cars   service   service department   request an appointment     our blog   our blog     about us   about us   careers   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   cactus auto assurance                      home   pre owned inventory   search inventory   vehicles under 15k   certified pre-owned vehicles   ev/ hybrid inventory   schedule test drive     specials   specials   featured vehicles   service coupons     finance   finance department   payment calculator   get pre-qualified with capital one (no impact to your credit score)   get pre-approved     file & drive   file and drive sales event      we buy cars   service   service department   request an appointment     our blog   our blog     about us   about us   careers   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   cactus auto assurance            











inventory




inventory
search

           vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         










explore




schedule service
 schedule now





explore
check out our finance and trade departments or schedule your next service.




finance





trade





service













                                                                                                            search inventory        current specials        get pre-approved       
select a body style




sedan





coupe





suv





truck





hatchback





minivan




     
     

 welcome to
 cactus auto
tucson's home for preowned inventory, spectacular savings, and a 7-day exchange guarantee. trading in? finding out your car's trade-in value is just a few short steps. we work with 30+ lenders. save an hour at the dealership with an online pre-approval. why choose cactus auto? cactus auto is a leading used car dealer serving marana, oro valley, vail, corona de tucson, casa grande, sierra vista, nogales, three points, valencia west, sahuarita, green valley, and phoenix, az. our extensive selection of quality preowned cars, trucks, and suvs comes with a 7-day exchange guarantee, carfax report, carfax buyback guarantee. we cater to various budgets, offering options for compact cars, pickup trucks, and small suvs. with strong partnerships with over 30 credit unions and national lenders, approved credit holders can benefit from $0 down and no payments for up to 90 days, along with the best interest rates and terms. our first-time car buyer program provides the lowest rates and assistance with bad credit car loans. we offer competitive values for any trade-in, handle all paperwork, and provide quick transactions, selling a car in 20 minutes or trading it in within an hour.
more about us

      


sales hours 
    monday 9:00am - 6:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 6:00pm     wednesday 9:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 6:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 6:00pm    sunday 11:00am - 3:00pm    




service hours 
    monday 9:00am - 5:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 5:00pm     wednesday 10:00am - 5:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 5:00pm    friday 9:00am - 5:00pm    saturday closed    sunday closed    


                      


cactus auto

cactus auto is a leading used car dealer serving satisfied customers from tucson, phoenix, nogales, and many other nearby communities. we offer an extensive selection of quality pre-owned cars, trucks, and suvs. each one comes with a 7-day exchange guarantee, carfax report, and carfax buyback guarantee.


cactus auto: superior selection and services 
since we sell only pre-owned cars, our dealership is not tied to any particular manufacturers, so you will find a wide variety of makes and models to choose from. plus, we offer competitive values for any trade-in and handle all of the paperwork.
you also won't have to spend a great deal of time buying your car from us because our transactions are quick. we can complete a car sale in 20 minutes or within an hour if you have a trade-in, particularly for used small cars, compact suvs and 4x4 trucks.we now offer cactus certified pre-owned inventory so you can buy with confidence.







we have the models you want most 





ram trucks
ram trucks have always been one of the most popular and well-respected trucks on the road. that's largely due to their superior power and performance, interiors fitted with quality materials, and attention to detail. they also tend to have more tech on models with lower prices.


toyota camry
the camry is famous for being comfortable, reliable, and fuel-efficient. you'll enjoy road trips, as well as your daily commute, and have the peace of mind that comes with knowing you won't need to spend big on gas or repairs.




toyota corolla
an affordable choice for smaller budgets and city drivers, the corolla offers excellent value. it's a compact car, so you won't have trouble parking anywhere. it also uses little fuel, and it's super reliable.


ford mustang
the iconic muscle car from the 1960s and 1970s is still popular all over the world today thanks to its well-deserved reputation for delivering a thrilling driving experience. there is always a wide range of models and the brand manages to remain affordable.




chevy silverado
the silverado is loved just as much by everyday drivers as by pickup enthusiasts, and for good reasons. even after heavy use, it will remain dependable and roadworthy for a long while with just regular maintenance. it also has off-road options for those who just need to navigate rough streets or dirt roads, as well as hard-core trail enthusiasts.






service and financing 





service
our dedicated service team has been proudly serving tucson and the surrounding area for over 30 years. we have a well-earned reputation for integrity and transparency that attracts customers from all across arizona. schedule an appointment online at your convenience.


financing
we cater to all budgets and have strong partnerships with more than 30 national lenders and credit unions. approved credit holders can get 0% down with no payments for up to 90 days, including the best interest rates and terms. also, our first-time car buyer program offers the lowest rates, plus we'll help you with bad credit car loans.


    

            copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | cactus auto | 1602 w prince rd, tucson, az 85705 | phone: 520-888-0910            

















        