



cp&dr
















































your logo









home


login


subscribe


categories

reports
articles
insight
legal digest
news briefs
blogs
podcasts
courses
single purchase store
reports archive 1986 - 2004
solimar books



courses


free newsletter


advertise

place job ad
place rfp ad



about

about us
terms and conditions



contact






 













donald shoup wasn't just about parking. he was about the economics of public goods.
by william fulton on feb 9, 2025
his mission was to help people understand the underlying economics of public goods and services. parking was simply the vehicle, one might say, that he chose to do so.



                  read more
                



















cp&dr news briefs february 18, 2025: lithium valley; los angeles zoning lawsuit; wildfire updates; and more 

 by ella morner-ritt on  feb 18, 2025




two housing advocacy groups, yimby law and californians for homeownership, are suing the city of los angeles, arguing the city’s recent housing plan fails to meet state requirements




more













housing crisis caused by much more than zoning

 by josh stephens on  feb 16, 2025

demographics, great recession, housing 



a new usc study seeks the real roots of california's, and the nation's, housing shortage




more










position available, cal state northridge

 by cp&dr staff on  feb 13, 2025

job ad



part-time lecturercalifornia state university- northridge




more










cp&dr news briefs february 11, 2025: major l.a. redevelopment; pico rivera tod district; trump vs. high speed rail; and more

 by ella morner-ritt on  feb 11, 2025




the owners of the farmers market have filed a lawsuit against the city of los angeles, arguing that the city’s environmental review of the 1.8 million square-foot television city 2050 project underestimates the impacts the project will have




more










planners remember donald shoup 

 by cp&dr staff  on  feb 10, 2025

donald shoup, los angeles, parking



ucla professor donald shoup, the father of the parking revolution, passed away feb. 6 at the age of 86. cp&dr asked planners from california and elsewhere to share their thoughts on don shoup's passing.




more













big housing projects move forward at berkeley bart stations

 by larry sokoloff on  feb  9, 2025

bart, berkeley, housing, tod, transit oriented development



the city has approved a 13-building project at the north berkeley station and is seeking developer proposals for the ashby station. the move signify a big change in berkeley's attitude toward new development.




more










position available, county of marin

 by cp&dr staff on  feb  7, 2025

job ad



principal civil engineer and principal transportation plannercounty of marin




more










cp&dr news briefs february 4, 2025: suisun city + california forever?; salton sea lithium; statewide water; and more

 by ella morner-ritt on  feb  4, 2025




the suisun city city council voted to explore annexing land ostensibly to boost its finances, with potential expansion options including tens of thousands of acres of mostly farmland owned by california forever




more













dispensary loses vista cannabis case

 by william fulton on  feb  1, 2025

cannabis, vista, zoning



court declines to knock out a second permit applicant that was in close proximity to the proposed dispensary




more













l.a. county seeks suspension of state housing laws in altadena

 by cp&dr staff on  feb  1, 2025

altadena, density bonus law, los angeles county, sb 330, sb 35, wildfire



the county's request covers a wide range of topics, including sb 35, sb 330, the density bonus law, and quick approval of accessory dwelling units. local residents fear displacement as a result of the fire.




more













cp&dr vol. 40 no. 1 january 2025 report

 by cp&dr staff on  jan 30, 2025

report



the cp&dr vol. 40 no. 1 january 2025 report




more










cp&dr news briefs january 28, 2025: wildfire recovering: streamlining, funding; bonta vs. tulare; s.f. railyard development; and more

 by ella morner-ritt on  jan 28, 2025




gov. newsom issued an executive order to accelerate the development of temporary housing for residents displaced by recent wildfires in and around los angeles




more






more













join our mailing listsign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




















                        sign up
                        





by signing up, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy.




you will receive a verification email from mailchimp
thanks for signing up!














join our mailing listsign up with your email address to receive news and updates.


















                        sign up
                        





by signing up, you agree to our terms of service and acknowledge that you have read our privacy policy.




thanks for signing up.

















search the site










 




job announcements


part-time lecturercalifornia state university- northridge
principal civil engineer and principal transportation plannercounty of marin
(place your job ad on cp&dr.com)




 




rfp announcements


(place your rfp ad on cp&dr.com)




 




courses


bill fulton's aicp cm courses




 




connect with cp&dr


 
follow us on facebook and twitter
subscribe to our free weekly enewsletter




 






































                                        copyright 2024
                                    



                                                                                    contact
                                                                            



                                                                                    terms and conditions
                                                                            











                                    powered by: subhub - membership site software
                                








 












 