



miami dui lawyer | criminal defense attorneys miami | parks & braxton, pa




















































serving miami-dade and the florida keys



homeour firmattorney profilescriminal defenseduiresultscontactgoogle reviewsblogse habla español





305.928.1791


	call 24/7 nights, weekends & holidays
	free consultations









call
				today



email
				us



our map 

menu 






view recent dui wins
google reviews

		dui experts with over
		60 years of combined experience,
		we have successfully defended thousands of dui cases







miami's
dui defense firm

specializing in the defense of dui cases
view our results 





































							why hireparks & braxton? 

with over 5 decades of experience on both sides of the law, we offer strategies for a solid defense.




							you only have10 days to get your driver's license back 

get you free case evaluation from one of our attorneys within minutes.




							meet the legal teamthat won't give up 

our attorneys don't believe in giving their clients anything but the best representation possible.





miami's criminal defense & dui firm
put our firm's decades of experience to work for you

	your future and freedom is at stake after being arrested and criminally
	 charged in florida, and no one recognizes this fact more than the legal
	 team at parks & braxton, pa. combined, partners andrew parks and michael
	 braxton are the
	best dui attorneys in miami and have over 50 years of defense experience and do not use associate
	 attorneys to handle your case. however, experience alone won't be
	 enough to protect you against the penalties you face. you need hard-hitting
	 tactics that have been
	specially designed to address the unique needs of your case. call
	miami top dui lawyers with decades of experience for your next level of defense.



contact parks & braxton, pa for a free case review.


why choose parks & braxton, pa?

we are available to our clients 24/7
we have been featured on abc, fox news, nbc & more
we are av®-rated by martindale-hubbell®

we have been named to the florida
			super lawyers® list

we will review your criminal case for free

around the clock service: 24/7 defense working for you

	unlike other law firms,
	we are available to you on nights, weekends and holidays at all times and hours in order to protect you under any situation. arrests
	 are made at every hour of the day, every day of the week, and we want
	 to be available to you in your time of need. at any time of the day or
	 night, we're here to help.


twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week, our
	miami dui and criminal lawyers are here to take your phone call and initiate your
	 defense. any charges against you will be attended to by an attorney who
	 is committed to seeing to it that allegations do not become convictions.

“i blew over .08. can i still win my dui case?”

	in a word,
	yes. there are many elements involved in your case that can be challenged,
	 including your bac level. by challenging chemical test results, arrest
	 procedures, and other factors in your case, our legal team can work toward
	 the positive outcome you need. don’t plead guilty because you don’t
	 believe you have the chance to win.

take your defense to the next level
there is no time to waste in securing the defense you need. we believe
	 that it is only under the direction of a skilled trial attorney at our
	 office that you stand a chance of escaping the allegations made against
	 you. we strongly advise you to call parks & braxton, pa today.
our services extend to every branch of criminal law, including:




dui
domestic violence
drug crimes
sex crimes
theft crimes
white collar crimes




federal crimes
traffic offenses
assault
hate crimes
murder
expungement





	we provide the same level of dedication, skill and personalized attention
	 to every client. there is absolutely no point in only half-heartedly defending
	 a case - whether before a judge and jury or in out-of-court negotiations. instead,
	we believe in tackling every case with full force.

schedule your free case consultation today


	your decision to contact our firm will not be taken lightly. from the moment
	 you contact us, your case will be handled with an attention to detail
	 that will allow you to rest more easily. knowing that your case is in
	 the hands of proven professionals who have
	handled thousands of past cases with success should make you confident your case is in capable hands.


	when you choose to work with a miami criminal attorney at our firm, we
	 will see to it that every measure possible is taken to secure the winning
	 results you are looking for, and we will not rest until we can say everything
	 possible has been done on your behalf. we will even help you take on an
	appeal of your court ruling or seek an expungement. we have spent years perfecting
	 the services we offer the clients we serve, and our efforts have not gone
	 unnoticed.


	our knowledge and skills in criminal law have been solicited by news feeds
	 including
	abc, nbc, cnbc, msnbc, fox news and the today show. when you contact our firm, you will immediately begin to recognize what
	 so many others have already awarded us for: our unique ability to effectively
	 handle criminal cases with success. in fact, this ability has contributed
	 to our av® rating from martindale-hubbell®, which is recognized
	 as the highest national rating of a lawyer's professional ability
	 to obtain winning results.


you can trust your case will be in no better hands than at parks &
		 braxton, pa.
		contact us today for your free consultation.




obtain immediate legal help
to save your license, you must take action within 10 days. contact a partner about your case today by calling 305.928.1791, or fill out the form here.











are you a new client?
yes, i am a potential new client.
no, i am a current existing client.
i'm neither.





get in touch now






























practice areas

even if this is your first dui, the dui penalties that you could face upon
	 conviction are still very serious. you could be required to pay thousands
	 of dollars in fines, spend time in jail, and have your license suspended
	 for up to one year. multiple dui charges carry escalated penalties, increasing
	 the fines by thousands of dollars and extending the terms of jail and
	 / or imprisonment and license suspension. a third dui with one dui conviction
	 occurring within the last 10 years, or a fourth or subsequent dui, may
	 result in a felony dui charge.
your choice of a dui lawyer may directly affect the quality of your defense
	 and your chances of success in your case. each attorney at parks &
	 braxton, pa can help you determine the strength of your case. we handle
	 everything from duis with alcohol and/or drugs, duis involving an accident
	 or injuries, and dui manslaughters. 



assault

battery

domestic violence

drug crimes

dui

hate crimes

juvenile crimes

manslaughter

murder

sex crimes

theft crimes

white collar crimes




view all our recent wins
click here



case #2013-mm-013483
defendant blew a .201 and .198 in the breath machine. this was the defendant's third dui.
the state dropped the dui.
view all wins

case #15-009347mu10a
defendent was arrested for dui and blew a .136 in the breath machine.
the dui was dismissed.
view all wins

case #2014-ct-047130
defendant was stopped after he was involved in a hit and run accident. he failed the roadside tests and was arrested for dui.
the state dropped the dui.
view all wins








	meet our
	dui defense team

with decades of experience and thousands of successful cases to our name,
	 parks & braxton, pa is the firm to trust for immediate, effective defense
	 against dui charges in florida. the unparalleled commitment we deliver
	 to our jacksonville clients includes 24/7 access to our legal team, convenient
	 appointment times (including nights, weekends, and holidays), and free
	 initial consultations. together, we offer our clients aggressive, strategic
	 defense designed to tackle the most challenging criminal cases. to learn
	 more about our defense tactics, as well as the personal professional accomplishments
	 that made us who we are today, read our individual attorney bios below.






michael braxton

view profile




andrew parks

view profile









	renowned florida
	
dui firm 

parks & braxton, pa has been featured in media outlets such as the
	 today show, fox news, abc, cbs, nbc, cnbc, and msnbc. our lawyers have
	 successfully defended thousands of dui cases and are constantly sought
	 as lecturers for dui seminars across the state. the attorneys at parks
	 & braxton, pa have presented lectures on a range of topics, including
	 "an approach to defending a drunk driving case," "dismantling
	 the state's dui case," and "the art of winning a dui case
	 with motion practice." parks & braxton, pa has also published
	 a book entitled florida dui strategies and techniques. our lead attorneys
	 - one of whom has experience as a former prosecutor - lend insightful,
	 perspective and substantial experience to our legal team. contact our
	 firm right away to set up your free case evaluation and learn exactly
	 how we can attempt to successfully defend your dui case.














home
view our dui wins
site map
privacy policy
contact us






parks & braxton, pa

offices conveniently located throughout the state of florida


local
(305) 928-1791

call 24/7 nights, weekends & holidays

hamblamos español

parks & braxton, pa
			-
				miami criminal defense lawyer

1041 ives dairy road,
					suite 137,
				
miami,
				fl 
33179
view map

 website:
			parksandbraxton.com/ © 2025 all rights reserved.
		























