



applicant tracking system & candidate management | peoplebank









































 +44 131 653 1258













home


solutions


candidate experience 


candidate journey


careers site


job adverts


application forms


candidate support




job boards


onboarding


stats & facts


clients


testimonials


articles


meet the team


contact us










award winning applicant tracking systemcontact us






who we are
we are peoplebank! a multi award winning company that helps businesses of all shapes and sizes with their online recruitment needs.
learn more



what we do
we provide e-recruitment technology & solutions to businesses of all sizes.


learn more



why us?
market leading & multi award winning business with 25 years recruitment experience.


learn more




















client login
award winning e-recruitment solutions built just for you.
privacy policy
copyright ©  peoplebank. all rights reserved.


contact us



 +44 131 653 1258
							

 sales@peoplebank.com















×



who we are



we are peoplebank! a multi award winning company that helps businesses of all shapes and sizes with their online recruitment needs – simple!
we are big enough to be capable of dealing with some of the biggest brands in the worlds recruitment needs, yet small enough to be different and to care.
with over 25 years’ experience in the e-recruitment industry, we were one of the 1st companies to predict the trend of online recruitment, and have been at the forefront of e-recruitment since 1991. constantly innovating and predicting market trends has allowed us to remain at the forefront of this industry.
we are one of the uk’s leading providers of e-recruitment software with some of the worlds biggest brands trusting us & partnering us for years.
we are a company that is passionate about partnering businesses. a company that genuinely cares about getting to know you, your brand and your business.
based in edinburgh, but working with businesses worldwide, we are a friendly, dynamic and forward thinking business that would love to help and support you in any way we can.



close
















   










 











×



what we do



we provide e-recruitment technology & solutions to businesses of all sizes.
we cut through all the jargon and complexity of e-recruitment and combine seamlessly some of the most powerful and innovative technology on the market, coupled with an easy to understand & easy to use approach.
our applicant tracking system (ats) software allows all your recruitment needs to be stored and managed from one central resource.
we take care of all key candidate facing elements such as: job advert design, application form design, and careers site design. we give you the platform to be able to find and engage the best talent available.
our award winning ats back office then provides a modern, intuitive and easy to use platform to manage and communicate with these candidates through every step of the recruitment process.
the software takes care of it all for you allowing you to filter, rank, communicate, interview & hire candidates (and loads of other cool stuff too!).



close









×



why us



● market leading & multi award winning business
● bespoke solutions for your individual business needs
● award winning ‘candidate experience design team’
● real people to speak to directly!

we can help with the following

● increasing quality and volume of candidates
● increasing brand perception & candidate journey
● streamline your recruitment process
● reduce time to hire
● reduce advertising spend
● reduce agency fees



close







