








naval reserve officers training corps – uw–madison







































skip to main content

university of wisconsin–madison






uw crest









naval reserve officers training corps





search






menu
open menu


close





home
battalion news
command
join
expand


collapse



prospective students
scholarship recipients and college program
seaman to admiral-21
marine enlisting commission education program
prospective student required documents


contact us
expand


collapse



staff contact


careers
fall invitational drill meet
wall of honor and distinguished alumni
 








 




welcome to the university of wisconsin’s naval reserve officers training corps (nrotc).  established in 1948, the unit exists to educate and train qualified young men and women for service as commissioned officers in the navy’s unrestricted line and the marine corps.



upcoming events:


 
 
 
 


recent eventsdining in ceremonyon friday, december 06. the battalion celebrated the end of the semester with their annual dining ceremony. this event included a social hour, dinner, toasts, and many challenges.december 16, 2024sfs 6-mile hikeon november 20, the wisconsin naval rotc semper fi society completed a 6-mile ruck march. they departed from the unit at 0630, walking to the top of bascom hill and then taking the lakeshore path …november 25, 2024marine corps 249th birthday ceremonyon november 10th, the united states marine corps celebrated its 249th birthday. the battalion celebrated on the 14th of november with competition pt between our two departments. pt consisted of running the stairs of camp …november 25, 2024more news here: 
more

 
 
 
 




official u.s. navy website | official u.s. marine corps website | naval service training command
navy recruiting website | | marine corps recruiting website |  | freedom of information act
naval education and training command  | naval reserve officer training corps | apply for nrotc scholarship
please read our privacy policy and security notice

 
 
 
 




site footer content




university logo that links to main university website













































part of the universities of wisconsin


contact usuniversity of wisconsin naval reserve officers training corps and department of naval science
1610 university ave, madison, wi 53726
(p) 608-262-3794


instagram


facebook


youtube

 

website feedback, questions or accessibility issues: nrotc.aviation@wisc.edu | learn more about accessibility at uw–madison.
this site was built using the uw theme | privacy notice | © 2025 board of regents of the university of wisconsin system.













