













home | monroe


















































skip to main content








the ohio state university




help
buckeyelink
map
find people
webmail
search ohio state



 













cfaes
give today



osu extension 

monroe
https://monroe.osu.edu




college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences




monroe county






menu





 

monroe countyprogram areas4-h youth development4-h calendar4-h endowment4-h express newsletter4-h forms & applications4-h handbook4-h online enrollment4-h shooting sports4-h volunteer resourcesjudging informationmonroe county 4-h campmonroe county fairohio 4-h family guidewelcome to 4-hagriculture and natural resourceswhat's new?ag information and presentationsag update newslettercaptina produce auctioncornucopia: it's all about foodresearch project dataresources - factsheetscommunity developmentcommunity development newsletterfamily and consumer sciencesfamily & consumer sciences newsletterfarmers market surveymaster gardener volunteersmaster gardener newslettersnap-edeventscalendaraboutcounty staffphoto galleryosu extension 

 





 




ohio state university extension


monroe county






monroe county office 


 46764 state route 26
woodsfield, oh 43793 
 phone: 740-472-0810740-472-0810 
 goodrich.49@osu.edu 
 


directions to monroe county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday-friday
8:00a.m. - 4:30p.m.

"thank you voters for your continued support of
osu extension monroe county"
 
   

 

 




home
you are hereosu extension » monroe county » home









county news



  
2024 monroe plat book now availableplat books on sale now at osu extension and the tax map office in the courthouse.
  

new 2.0 4-h enrollment instructionshave questions about the new 4-h online enrollment process? for step by step instuctions or to watch a video click here for more information.
  

scholarship opportunity availablethe foundation for appalachian ohio announces the upcoming opening of its annual application period for scholarship funds.
  
 


    more county news  

 



cfaes news




 how to safely store eggs and find alternatives amid rising prices  

 enrollment open for new improving weather and climate understanding in ohio online course  

 high school students invited to address global food security at the 2025 ohio youth institute  

 ohio 4-h spark expo returns to inspire the next generation of professionals   

 ohio state scientist unlocks natural, vibrant food color alternatives to red no. 3  

 strickler receives ohio state distinguished service award at 2024 autumn commencement   

 program to discuss leveraging the bioenergy potential of manure  

 growing the perfect christmas tree: ohio state researchers to launch new demonstration farm at cfaes wooster  


more cfaes news 
 

 





event calendar



there are currently no upcoming events.



    more events  

 

 










locate an office
we connect with people in all stages of life, from young children to older adults.  we work with families and children, farmers and businessowners, community leaders and elected officials to build better lives, better businesses and better communities to make ohio great.





locate an office in my county
locate a statewide office
extension personnel directory


 
 





©  2025 the ohio state university, college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences





monroe county office 


 46764 state route 26
woodsfield, oh 43793 
 phone: 740-472-0810740-472-0810 
 goodrich.49@osu.edu 
 


directions to monroe county extension office


  

 



hours of operation




 monday-friday
8:00a.m. - 4:30p.m.

"thank you voters for your continued support of
osu extension monroe county"
 
   

 

 






the ohio state university
college of food, agricultural, and environmental sciences
ohio state university extension
ohio agricultural research and development center
ohio state ati









social media

monroe anr facebook
monroe fcs facebook 
osu extension facebook
osu extension youtube
 

 


2025 | 2120 fyffe road | room 3 ag admin bldg. | columbus, ohio 43210 | 614-292-6181
accessibility accommodation
if you have a disability and experience difficulty accessing this content request accommodation here.
maintenance and support
this site designed and maintained by cfaes marketing and communications.  for technical support please contact the cfaes helpdesk. 
 cfaes diversity  |  nondiscrimination notice  |  site map





 










