       
	banking, wealth management and insurance | stockman bank
                          skip to main content      skip to main content


 

fdic-insured—backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government
      


          
 




  
 




username

password

forgot password?



enroll
test browser
system requirements




username

password

forgot password?



enroll
test browser
system requirements




username

password

forgot ebiz password?
log into ebiz


enroll
demo
learn more



secure wealth portal
additional login options

                charles schwab
                


adv part 2a
form crs








          













image credit:  great horned owl by dan nichols 







take montana with you
stockman credit cards

        personal credit cards
    

        business credit cards
    





how can we help you?
i want to

apply for a home loan
open an account online
switch to stockman bank
view my credit score
work at stockman
enroll in online banking








our history
the stockman story

we are proud to share the history of stockman bank and the story of its beginning. the vision of our founder, bill nefsy, was to serve the agricultural producers and local business people of eastern montana. our ceo, bill coffee says about our history, "it is a way to learn from the past and focus on the future."













fight fraud
tips and resources to help you prevent, detect, and report fraud. 






find insurance protection
choose the insurance protection needed for you or your business. 






plan for retirement
we are here to help you achieve your unique financial goals now & in the future. 






apply for a home loan
let us help you open the door to your new home. 






join our team
work for a true montana company. join our team today and become a part of something much bigger than banking. 






share your photos
share your montana photos with us for a chance to be featured on our website, calendar or marketing materials. 









news & updates
recent articles

news and articles to keep you up to date with what is happening at stockman.













stockman insurance expands
stockman insurance has merged with jacoby insurance group of helena to form a new health and benefits department focused on medicare insurance health plans, life & disability income insurance, long term care insurance, and small group employer insurance.

                                                    read full article
                                                









puppy scams on the rise this holiday season
puppies are a popular christmas gift, but the increased demand during this time of year also creates opportunities for scammers to take advantage of unsuspecting buyers.

                                                    read full article
                                                









coffee talk september 2024
we invite you to stop by your local stockman bank on friday, september 27, for refreshments and giveaways as we celebrate good neighbor day. please join us! it’s always good to get together!

                                                    read full article
                                                






















      
            are you sure you want to leave our site?
         
            stockman financial corp. does not provide, and is not responsible for, the product, service, overall website content, security, or privacy policies on any external third-party sites. these sites may not be conformant with current ada requirements. if you click “yes, continue,” an external website that is owned and operated by a third-party will be opened in a new browser window. if you click “no, stay here,” you will be returned to our website.
          
                yes, continue
             
                no, stay here
                              


  routing #092905249 nmls #440094      



            careers 


            terms of use 


            security center 



 



            disclosures 


            cookies 



     connect with us 





          

deposit and loan products are offered by stockman bank, member fdic, equal housing lender investments offered through stockman wealth management and insurance products offered through stockman insurance are not fdic insured, are not bank guaranteed, and may lose value.
   ©2025 stockman bank. all rights reserved.           this website uses cookies. by accepting the use of cookies, this message will close and you will receive the optimal website experience. for more information on our cookie policy, please visit our privacy policy.
                         