












traffic displays, llc - mobile billboard advertising








































































(888) 799-sign (7446)
 

 
 
 










about
services

mobile billboards
aerial advertising
large format printing


production specs
galleries
news
contact
ftp upload
 





select page


  
 



 



 









            visualize your image 
 
 
 
 
 




mobile billboards are our speciality

 

mobile billboards and other non-traditional outdoor advertising services have been traffic displays’ specialty since 1996. traffic displays has over 20 years in the mobile advertising business. with this rich history we guarantee our experience is second to none.

 

we are the only single source provider of alternative outdoor advertising services that include: mobile billboard advertising trucks, aerial advertising and advertising bikes. traffic displays will deliver your message to your target audience anytime, anywhere.

 
 



 
 
 





 


we offer the highest quality

 

we offer the highest quality products by maintaining the newest fleet of backlit mobile billboards. traffic displays continues to invest in the latest vehicles and technology proving that we are a mobile billboard company that is here to stay.

 

with in-house production, our professional team stands ready to immediately activate your campaign.  our 8,000 sq. ft. facility is based in the midwest and allows us to efficiently cover the entire eastern half of the u.s. we guarantee to provide the highest quality mobile advertising service and offer the best value for your advertising dollar.

 
 
 
 












 
 
 





go mobile

 

contact us today to go mobile by adding a mobile billboard campaign to your marketing plan.

 
request a quote

 
 
 

 
   
 
 





phone
toll-free: (888) 799-sign (7446)
local: (616) 225-8865
fax: (616) 225-8985

 
 


email
jason johnson: jason@trafficdisplays.com
sarah magoon: sarah@trafficdisplays.com

 
 


links
employment opportunities
production specifications
ftp upload

 
 


view our markets
 

 


 
 
 



 





facebook




twitter




google


 
 © 2025 traffic displays, all rights reserved
						
 

 
 
 
















