











































































ecole chocolat: professional chocolate school | online & in-person chocolate programs





















welcome to ecole chocolat professional school of chocolate arts


savoring chocolate is one of life's greatest pleasures.  founded in 2003, ecole chocolat professional school of chocolate arts offers award winning programs in chocolate making that will help you explore your love of chocolate as a hobby or a business.
					
our core chocolate programs have always been offered online, so you can learn anytime and anywhere that works best for you - there are no specific times that you have to be online. our dedicated team of instructors and tutors have decades of experience in the fine chocolate industry, and they share their expertise with you through our interactive online learning platform.
you’ll learn the knowledge and techniques to make fabulous chocolate and develop your own chocolate recipes. you’ll be connected to a unique community of chocolate lovers as you share your experiences with your classmates.
our instructors have helped hundreds of students from around the world explore their passion for this delicious craft, and we’d love to do the same for you. we know what you might be thinking – how can you teach chocolate making online?  we've been doing just that for over 20 years, here’s how.






the professional chocolatier program teaches you to make delicious and beautiful chocolate bonbons, confections and bars. we begin with an in-depth understanding of chocolate, the move from that foundation into professional production skills, modern decoration techniques, equipment and supply sourcing, and production issues involved in opening a successful chocolate business.
winter program: january 24 - april 11, 2025 learn more








the chocolate making from the bean program will guide you through each step of making chocolate from dried cocoa beans. we cover everything from sourcing beans, and creating your chocolate flavor profile, to manufacturing dried cacao beans into pure chocolate and setting up your chocolate factory - no matter how big or small.
winter program: january 31 - april 4, 2025
learn more








not sure which chocolate program is right for you? we can help! let's start with understanding your goals for your chocolate learning experience. one of the first questions you have to consider is whether you are interested in becoming a chocolatier, or a chocolate maker as these need very different knowledge and skill sets. they are each a separate section of the fine chocolate value chain that goes from a blossom on the cacao tree to a luscious bonbon or bar you buy from your favorite chocolatier.
which program for me?



about ecole chocolat online learning
ecole chocolat's intensive chocolate-making programs and chocolate classes prepare you to find your place in the fine chocolate industry. whether you aspire to work for yourself or in a professional organization, our chocolate school's specialized curriculum is just what you need.

how do we teach chocolate making online?
about our professional school of chocolate
how do i become a chocolatier?
about our instructors
what our graduates have to say


our many years of experience in award-winning, university-level online education ensures that your learning experience is intensive, comprehensive and enjoyable. we believe in "experiential education" which is defined as active student engagement in opportunities to learn through doing and reflection. this empowers our student to immediately apply theory to practice under the guidance of an online tutor.
our unique chocolate-making school leads you through the in-depth curriculum on chocolate making. important topics include:

chocolate history as a background to current production practices
chocolate-making process and techniques
taste and attributes of different chocolates
gourmet chocolate recipes that you can tailor to your own vision
learn techniques with chocolate molds
chocolate-making supply companies
chocolate-making equipment suppliers
recipe development and production planning





↑

follow us on instagram @ecolechocolat








get reminders about upcoming classes! to receive program updates and news, click the link below.


sign me up!





photography by jessica washburn, bliss chocolatier and ecole chocolat





quick site nav

homepage


about us
contact us

privacy policy












search

enter keywords or phrases below to search.

search

go




instagraman icon used to indicate our social media account on instagram.

facebookan icon used to indicate our social media account on facebook.

pinterestan icon used to indicate our social media account on pinterest.

youtubean icon used to indicate our social media account on youtube.

xan icon used to indicate our social media account on x.







contact us


									email: info@ecolechocolat.com

									visits by appointment only:
								

									in the u.s.
									505 montgomery
									san francisco, ca u.s.
									1-213-291-8309

									canadian or international
									1666 west 2nd ave
									vancouver, b.c. canada
									1-604-484-1872
								




ecole chocolat is a woman-owned and operated chocolate education organization. founded by chocolatier, pam williams, we are the professional school of chocolate arts for both chocolatiers and chocolate makers.  we also donate our time, leadership, expertise and funds to preserve the fine chocolate industry and save fine cacao.


						copyright © 2025 wilmor publishing corp. all rights reserved.
					




understoodthis site uses cookies to help maintain session persistence and language preferences. services such as google also place cookies here to help us improve your experience by providing insights into how the site is being used. visit our privacy policy page to learn more about the cookies found on this site.
				



cookie settings
we use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience. they also allow us to analyze user behavior in order to constantly improve the website for you.
accept all
accept selection
reject all

necessary
analytics
preferences
marketing







xan icon used to indicate our social media account on x.

youtubean icon used to indicate our social media account on youtube.

pinterestan icon used to indicate our social media account on pinterest.

facebookan icon used to indicate our social media account on facebook.

instagraman icon used to indicate our social media account on instagram.

















youtubean icon used to indicate our social media account on youtube.

pinterestan icon used to indicate our social media account on pinterest.

facebookan icon used to indicate our social media account on facebook.

instagraman icon used to indicate our social media account on instagram.

twitteran icon used to indicate our social media account on twitter.



programs

professional chocolatier program
chocolate making from the bean
chocolate quality and shelf life
chocolate masterclass programs



chocolate resources

chocolate recipes
chocolate blog
chocolate molds
chocolate suppliers
chocolate equipment
chocolate lessons
chocolate videos
chocolate books
chocolate news



about us

about us
meet ecole chocolat graduates
meet our team
frequently asked questions
our book: raising the bar
save fine chocolate
chocolatiers
chocolate makers



contact us


student login












add to home screen iconthe add to home screen notice.


			add a home screen shortcut to launch like a native app?
		


no thanks
allow





