


















4-h youth development | university of maryland extension



























































      skip to main content
    



















menu






get involved


give


contact


ask extension












about


leadership


umd extension impact


diversity, equity, inclusion, and respect


careers


directory


program and organizational development


statewide extension advisory council




resources


animal agriculture


plant agriculture


yard & garden


pests


natural resources


environment & energy


agribusiness management


food & nutrition


health & well-being


4-h & youth education




programs


4-h youth development


family & consumer sciences


agriculture & food systems


environment & natural resources


home & garden information center




locations


publications


news & events


all news


events











4-h youth development





home
county offices and locations
howard county
4-h youth development




for full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable javascript. here are instructions for how to enable javascript in your web browser.








section menu




howard county


4-h youth development


4-h faqs


4-h forms


clubs


howard county fair


join 4-h


record books


scholarship




about


agriculture and food systems


environment and natural resources


extension advisory committee


family and consumer sciences


speakers bureau


















when paying for 4-h events check need to be made payable to:

			university of maryland
			ascend one building
			8930 stanford blvd, suite 25
			columbia, md 21045








stay informed




4-h calendar


current cloverleaf


follow us on facebook




upcoming events, information and deadlines




howard county 4-h beef field day - april 12 - entries due april 1st
we will be hosting a howard county 4-h beef field day at the howard county fairgrounds on saturday, april 12th.  there is not a requirement to participate this year but it is highly encourage for all of our 4-h beef project members to participate.

beef field day letter - please read
liability - informed consent agreement - one per exhibitor
entry form - one per exhibitor





enrollment information
as the youth development program of the cooperative extension system of land-grant universities, 4-h is the nation’s largest youth development organization, empowering six million young people throughout the united states. cooperative extension of 1862 and 1890  land-grant universities provide the leadership to engage young people in 4-h in all 3,007 counties of the united states.
4-h'ers belong to 4-h clubs that meet in local communities.  university of maryland extension volunteers help youth learn life skills to become caring, competent and responsible individuals through club work, community service, and 4-h project curriculum.  4-h members work with their club leaders to develop their educational plans for each year.  these plans might include community service projects, speakers, field trips, or learning activities.
4-h'ers participate in county-wide programs organized by volunteers and university of maryland extension faculty.  these programs include activities such as fashion shows, camps, public speaking contests, workshops, and more.  with so many community clubs and specialty clubs in howard county, there is always something to do in howard county 4-h.
please click on the club information link to find specific information about joining a club and the 4-h clubs in howard county.
to join the howard county 4-h program, you will need to complete the online enrollment process.  please keep in mind that we ask potential members to attend at least one 4-h meeting prior to enrolling in the online system.  
current re-enrollment for the 2024 is currently open and the link to register is https://v2.4honline.com/#/user/sign-in.




monday meet-up
we are now accepting registrations for our next howard county 4-h monday meet-up scheduled for monday, february 24th.  for more information and to register please go to:  https://docs.google.com/.../1faipqlsfs5anafhj.../viewform...
registration is required by monday, february 17th so we have time to purchase ample materials for the project.




4-h sheep and goat workshop - feb 15th
howard county 4-h is hosting a 4-h sheep and goat workshop with a focus on market lambs and market goats.  the workshop will be held on saturday, february 15th at the howard county fairgrounds dining hall from 9:30-12:30 p.m.  to register
topics include:  selection, feed, parasites, and diseases.  we have very knowledgeable presenters scheduled to present at this workshop. 
there will also be a roundtable opportunity with some of our older, experienced 4-h members.  this will be a great time for them to share tips and tricks that have worked for them.  participants will also be able to ask questions.
parent(s)/guardian(s) are encouraged to attend with their 4-hers as well. 




2024 essay question:  how has your involvement in 4-h changed your life?




2024 special awards:  we are looking for your support.  we have special awards for the 2024 howard county fair in need of sponsorship.  since we had no awards last year we may have a number of awards that become available.  please check availability often.




maryland 4-h annual report
cloverleaf
2025



january
february
march
april
may
june
july/aug
sept
oct
nov-dec









enrollment information



as the youth development program of the cooperative extension system of land-grant universities, 4-h is the nation’s largest youth development organization, empowering six million young people throughout the united states. cooperative extension of 1862 and 1890  land-grant universities provide the leadership to engage young people in 4-h in all 3,007 counties of the united states.
4-h'ers belong to 4-h clubs that meet in local communities.  university of maryland extension volunteers help youth learn life skills to become caring, competent and responsible individuals through club work, community service, and 4-h project curriculum.  4-h members work with their club leaders to develop their educational plans for each year.  these plans might include community service projects, speakers, field trips, or learning activities.
4-h'ers participate in county-wide programs organized by volunteers and university of maryland extension faculty.  these programs include activities such as fashion shows, camps, public speaking contests, workshops, and more.  with so many community clubs and specialty clubs in howard county, there is always something to do in howard county 4-h.
please click on the club information link to find specific information about joining a club and the 4-h clubs in howard county.
to join the howard county 4-h program, you will need to complete the online enrollment process.  please keep in mind that we ask potential members to attend at least one 4-h meeting prior to enrolling in the online system.  
current re-enrollment for the 2024 is currently open and the link to register is https://v2.4honline.com/#/user/sign-in. 
volunteers
please check back for the updated process.





officer training



the central maryland 4-h cluster is pleased to announce the release of a virtual officer training resource that was created to help our 4-h club officers.  
the direct link to the resource is: https://go.umd.edu/mdofficertraining
since this is a google presentation, anyone viewing will need to select the present mode. 
once that has been done, click through the different images and words to take you to the next
slide. (be sure to click around and have fun!).  if you wish to go back at any time, click the purple
“back” button at the bottom left of your screen.
for more information, please see the informational flyer.







2025 howard county 4-h member policy
2025 howard county club policies and guidelines




for more information about the howard county 4-h program please contact one of the following:




sheryl bennett
4-h youth development educator
410-313-1912
sherylb@umd.edu


chris rein
4-h program coordinator
410-313-1915
crein@umd.edu



























faculty & staff affairs


find an extension office


browse directory





university of maryland extension on facebook
university of maryland extension on instagram
university of maryland extension on twitter
university of maryland extension on youtube







login









© 2018-2025 college of agriculture and natural resources
	    web accessibility | privacy policy
university programs, activities, and facilities are available to all without regard to race, color, sex, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, age, national origin, political affiliation, physical or mental disability, religion, protected veteran status, genetic information, personal appearance, or any other legally protected class.



























