


ddot's rants





















    
	ddot's rants
	
  
born to a pair of yellow dog god questioning democrats only to grow to be a christian neocon. welcome to my soapbox of righteous indignation.





9.21.2007




	 racist stupidity in lousianna
	 



we all know some stupid white kids put up a noose.  this made some black kids angry who could not control themselves and had to assault those responsible.who would martin luther king support in this instance?where is the outrage and where should it be?who am i angry with?the outrage is that the legal system is not set up to condemn stupid people for provocation.  it is set up to condemn those who cannot control themselves and strike.  the historical references to rosa parks sicken me.  she was non violent and protested.  she along with dr. king would surely spank those boys for striking another human.this protest is wrong.  their anger is displaced because it should be against those stupid white kids.  if those black kids had acted as intelligent people these rallys would have those white kids tearfully admitting to their failures on national tv and shaking hands with the sainted black boys.  instead, here we are.  stupid.i'm angry with the parents of those white kids.  however i'm really angry with the black kids who couldn't stop themselves from hitting someone else.  i am even more angry with the money hungry naacp taking a stance that violence is ok because it is an opportunity to fill their coffers.  prove me wrong.labels: racism



posted by possum at 08:46
 | 







9.04.2007




	 ignorance defence
	 



whoopi has said some things i really like, and sometimes she is dead wrong.  an example of something i liked: "i'm not an "african-american" i'm an american"  now she defends michael vick's pit bull fighting because apparently "down south them backward types are all like that" you know: stupid and cruel.  ignorant of the "rest of the country" and how they view dogs.she's dead wrong. she made me so mad i almost broke the outhouse door and slapped my sister who is also my first cousin.  is that the south she is referring to?she actually thinks that michael vick would look at this picture and think it's ok?  that being a hick makes it ok to be cruel?  is that the crux of her argument?  ignorance blinds him to the obvious?  where else can/has that logic been applied whoopi?labels: pittbull, stupid celebs



posted by possum at 14:37
 | 







8.30.2007



	 
	 wmd in un?
	 
    


is a chemical or biological weapon a wmd?  yes. (leftist crazies will say only nukes are wmds... of course!)did it come from iraq? at this point all signs say yes.so the reason we can't find them is because... they were in a filing cabinet in new york city?  who exactly thinks the un is a competent organization better capable of being a functioning government than our own?



posted by possum at 11:16
 | 











	 people really are gullible
	 



clever and crooked people see the countless lemmings out there and have found a new way to milk their collective fears.  imagine you are in a grocery store.  the manager locks the doors and says he is on the phone with a man who is watching the store and there is a bomb.  what would you do?  would you take off your clothes in the store?  would you grab a butcher knife and cut off someone's fingers if the guy on the phone said the manager had to tell someone to do this?somebody in this article did get nekkid in the store and another almost cut some fingers off.get  a  grip people!!!  use your brains!  this ain't spike tv, this is reality!the unfortunate answer is i believe that people are stupid enough to believe this. you could really do well with this scam in utah.



posted by possum at 11:07
 | 







8.07.2007



	 
	 fire up the resume!
	 
    


clearly there is opportunity in my industry for those with deep pockets and a steady stream of referral business.  i'm great with applications and getting cusomers on board but having to turn down a 740 score borrower because they have a loan amount that is 95% of the appraised value no reserves is just too much for me to stomach.  i can see a 540 being turned down but a 740?  what is going on?for those of you shopping mortgages out there be warned.  the ones that are quoting you rates that sound high are not making it up.  the ones that are low balling the rate are trying to bait and switch you.  this is a scary time in the business like i have never seen.  i know you have seen this:of course today's response from vernake?  hold the rate? aaarugh!!!!



posted by possum at 12:44
 | 










	 
	 national city sos
	 
    


w o w ! !national city bank has officially suspended all applications and approvals for their wholesale equity division. another one is going down.  i say that with some confidence because exactly zero of the companies that have suspended applications recently have been able to start back.the eye of the hurricane has passed us over and now comes the conforming companies.  conforming meaning fannie-freddie product only.  also means big name banks like national city.labels: implode, lending, mortgage



posted by possum at 12:40
 | 







7.31.2007




	 foreclosure stormclouds nashville
	 



national association of reators commercial:"we don't know enough to know what we don't know" from a customer who says he needed a professional realtor's help in a real estate transaction.  i'm sure you have seen these commercials?nothing gets my ire up faster than illogical garbage.  check out this quote from greater nashville association of realtors:local realtors said the storm clouds have been gathering toward the foreclosure.“irresponsible lending” to people who previously wouldn’t have been considered credit-worthy, along with bundling all down payments, closing expenses and other home-buying fees into those loans — on top of the home price — were all warning signs, said richard courtney, managing broker for fridrich & clark and president of the greater nashville association of realtors.“you could see this coming for some time. this is a result of that type of lending,” said courtney. take a deep breath and ask nicely:"mr. courtney have or have not realtors been protecting their clients who are ignorant of how the process works in these transactions that you have deemed to be irresponsible?  if so, what portion of blame are realtors to carry if you participate in the closing of these irresponsible loans?  did your member realtors ever push the lender to close as quickly as possible or give them time to find the best loan program for your clients?  are your members willing to give back that 6% to these clients who trusted you to lead them through the process?"i think based on the advertising claims of the local and national associations there is at a minimum some explaining to do.  at the most realtors are criminally culpable in the process you are deriding with these quotes.



posted by possum at 07:12
 | 







4.10.2007



	 
	 imus and liberal rascism
	 
    


which quote lands someone in hot water?quote 1:"... he only defended janet reno because she was attacked by a black guy."quote 2:"...they are a rough looking bunch of nappy-headed hoes."quote 3:"if the jews want to get it on tell them to pin their yammakas back and come over to my house."disgusting slurs in all of those quotes, right?  offensive, right?i'm not saying these people don't have the right to open their mouths and say something stupid.  i'm also not saying i like imus; point of fact he is a fool and anyone who expects him not to say stuff like this is incapable of learning from history.  he gets paid well for having these racist points of view that have been expressed multiple times over the years.so far only quote 2 has been forced to be apologized for.what i am saying is that liberals support of racism is illogical in that they permit sharpton and clinton as elected officials to make public racist comments.  yet they get angry when talk show idiots spout off presumably who have previously been given carte blanch to do so in the past?



posted by possum at 09:47
 | 







3.22.2007



	 
	 an edwards prayer
	 
    


having seen that ms. edwards now has a very bad cancer on her bone.  i would like to set aside the ideological differences and let them know my family is sending a prayer to his family.



posted by possum at 11:23
 | 







3.20.2007




	 we will all die!
	 



actually i'm writing about how the gloom and doom of an inconvenient fiction has shocked liberals into a rabid frenzy that is to a point of being incoherent.  it's a fact that so far all of us are mortal and will die.  climate change is very unlikely to be the cause of it.scientists who study thermodynamics tell us there is no such thing as a global temperature.  no kiddin'?  that star trek term is real science?  you mean 100 billion gallons of sea water and tens of millions of cubic yards of air have a heat enthalpy factor that prevents instantaneous changing of the temperature without massive exchanges of energy?  even a one degree change requires a massive amount of energy for that volume of anything.  now do you understand my doubts?  i'm not saying roll yourself in pesticides and go swimming in the lake.  ie: don't be stupid about chemicals, burning and garbage.  i am saying that making us think we are killing our children with this is so outlandish as to be, well, stupid.labels: climate globalwarming science



posted by possum at 06:28
 | 







3.16.2007




	 clinton conspiracy
	 



when is a conspiracy not a conspiracy but actually good truthful reporting?  if you are hillary clinton then you call the activities of those reporting the questionable activities spiced with marital problems in her relationship with bill a conspiracy.i'd also bet that hillary says that nixon and his staff were the conspiracy while woodward and bernstein were the good guys because of their reporting?am i reading that right?  does that mean that when someone reports the less-than-desirable and possibly felonious facts or truths about a republican that is good reporting on a conspiracy.  if that report of equally less-than-desirable and possibly felonious facts is done against a democrat then the person reporting is the conspiracy.i'll say this for hillary, she's a very twisted form of consistent.  she says firing 93 federal attorneys is "no big deal" when she and bill did it in 1993.  now that bush has fired 8 of them it is a scandal?



posted by possum at 06:32
 | 







3.15.2007




	 time, the right, and the 4 letter response
	 



time magazine is not always wrong.  sometimes they hit the nail on the head.  to mix my metaphors they have gone further in that i think they might have pinged a home run ball off of the foul post by accident:the conservative leadership is lacking and we need another ronald regan to reign it in.do we get conservative leadership out of mccain?  on a good day yes.  too bad he doesn't have too many of those.  juliani at best is 50-50 on being a conservative or a true liberal depending on the topic.  don't get me wrong, i am in agreement with both on their strong support for finishing iraq correctly instead of leaving it half-done.my response to time's article is a 4 letter word.it begins with f.fredas in fred thompson.  i think he has what it takes to be our conservative voice and to force the party back to what wins elections.  what wins are strong conservative ideals.  he's more than just the tough da on law and order, he is an old-school smart conservative.  i know that he scares the democrats. draft fred in 08!



posted by possum at 11:08
 | 
















explore the passion of christ



view verse of the day


previous posts

racist stupidity in lousianna
ignorance defence
wmd in un?
people really are gullible
fire up the resume!
national city sos
foreclosure stormclouds nashville
imus and liberal rascism
an edwards prayer
we will all die!




terror-alert.com



archives

04.2005
05.2005
06.2005
07.2005
08.2005
09.2005
10.2005
11.2005
12.2005
01.2006
02.2006
03.2006
04.2006
05.2006
06.2006
07.2006
08.2006
09.2006
10.2006
11.2006
12.2006
01.2007
02.2007
03.2007
04.2007
07.2007
08.2007
09.2007





realchoice blog for life





 














search now:

 





















dirty dailies
army girl
bryant4senate
conservative small blog digest
davidparkersblog
hallsofmontez-tripo
hooah wife (go greta!)
abuseofdiscretion
captsqrtersblog.com
dawnpatrol
dooce's blog
dread pundit bluto
freakonomics
freeagencyrules
hugh hewitt
importantstuffornot.lone ranger
jaded&opinionated
latinoissues
liberalscum
captian k
michellemalkin
powerline
pajamas news
red guy blue state
redstaterant
scorpion in iraq
sistertoldjah
theology journal
tinkertytonk
warmonger

 
news links
boycott liberalism
capitol wiz
dailywireless
drudge report
factcheck.org
fox news
intelwatch.org
janes
jewish world review
mideast media watch
military.com
moscow news
times la fodder
times ny fodder
times washington fodder












current moonmoon phase info












american conservative blog roll

blogroll me!

 my blog is worth $55,324.92.how much is your blog worth?







day by dayâ© by chris muir.
                news ticker provided by lifesitenews.com   






lookup a word or passage in the bible








include this form on your page






 


american conservative web ring
join - 
list - 
previous - 
next - random - 
previous 5 - 
next 5 - 
skip previous - 
skip next
powered by ringsurf






 



christian conservatives of america
 this site is owned by 
ddot
[previous]
[list]
[join]
[random]
[next 5]
[next] 

powered by ringsurf!










the real politically incorrect net ring
this net ring exposes political correctness for the fraud
that it is and advocates universal values of individual freedom, free speech,
and equal rights for all.








[prev site]
 [stats]
 [random]
 [next 5 sites]
 [list sites]
 [next site]


[prev site]
 [stats]
 [random]
 [next 5 sites]
 [list sites]
 [next site]




ring of conservative sites join!

[ prev
| skip prev
| prev 5
| list
| 
 rand
| next 5
| skip next
| next ]
 

   this site is a member of webring. to browse visit  here. 

[ previous 5 sites | skip previous | previous | next | skip next | next 5 sites | random site | list sites ] 


 this ringsurf conservatives against media bias and network propaganda net ring


{owned by ddots rants}  
 
 [ next
|



 skip next
|

 list sites
]












 







join


list


previous

next



powered by ringsurf









blogroll y'all


worth the time to rant about:
arklahomaboy
agentsillyboots
alphapatriot
blindmanseye
blogicus
crosswords
catholics4bush
churchacronym
thecommonroom
echozoe
father john
glendean
hearthkeepercommon room
jacklewis
made 4 internet
midwestconservative journal
noahware
northwesternwinds
papafamilias
serenitythruhope
sudanwatch
neophytepundit
andrightlyso
kims blog
reasonableforce
opiniontimes
americansforfreelebanon
marlowesshade
a lady's ruminations
junto boyz
living in unmentionable times
stand in the trenches
sidespot
amigo13
rspubica2004

my charities
bethany adoption agency
mercyministries
gideons
happytaleshumane
frank lloyd wright

just guilty pleasures
4x4wire
amish tech support
angry alien- just go and click, you have to, cause you'll send it to everyone you know
bangkok dogs
beautifulatrocities
boycotthollywood
bsa boxwell
jingjings
bruce campbell
gabriellreilly--omg!!
i love howdy
libs can be funny:theonion
matterofopinion
the not funny lib alfranken
officespacefans
postsecret
red skelton's pledge of allegiance
republicanattacksquad
savagechickens
tom cruise is nuts
zerointelligence

reference & hobby links
addresslookup
cherub: html source!!!
christian perspective on transracial marriage
constitution
edit-me
epa enviromap
freemuslims.org
gas price index
the heritage foundation
homepricecheck
infranviewer
google maps
physorg (science news)
resellerratings
reversephone#
sheltie dave-me!
snopes legend directory
tdot cams
terrorist org watchlist
adoption info
urban legends
weather
zip codes
about me

name:  possum 
location:  middle tennessee, united states 
i used to know it all till i messed up and found i knew nothing.  as a changed man and father the world is a better place.  i can now say i'm the person i wanted to be when i grew up.
view my complete profile



 


 lightning data radar 


