




jane ross tutoring



























































students + parents
schools + educators
own a franchise
about us

                    cart
                



learn from jane ross
















opportunity starts here.
since 1979, jane ross tutoring has been training students to improve their scores on college admissions tests. we are passionate about teaching high school juniors and seniors how to maximize their scores on the act, psat, and sat.

students + parents
schools + educators


















1. learn from jane ross.







2. improve your scores.







3. earn more scholarships.







quality instructors make all the difference
  instructors at jane ross tutoring are experienced, licensed teachers who are experts in their content area.












ben phillips
director
ben started his work in the test prep industry as a high school teacher over 25 years ago. since then, he’s trained thousands of students to raise their scores. he also facilitates professional development for teachers, showing them how to integrate act prep into their classrooms.









robert lofton
instructor
robert has been a classroom teacher for 15 years and an act instructor for 13 years. he has helped thousands of students in both workshop settings and private tutoring. robert believes that proper strategy and preparation are the keys to success on standardized tests.









montana young
instructor
montana moved to memphis to join teach for america in 2013. she has taught a variety of high school subjects, including act prep. having worked with students from diverse backgrounds, she believes all students can improve on the act.

















                        register for an online course                    

we offer online training options for students and teachers.
students can subscribe to our online act course, which includes full access to our entire library of instructional videos and practice questions. we also provide this same training as individual modules for students who want to focus on specific sections of the act.
teachers can learn how to integrate act prep into the classroom by completing our online professional development courses.

learn more





                        sign up for an in-person workshop                    

for over 40 years, jane ross tutoring has been preparing students for the act in our signature in-person workshops. these workshops include six instructional hours of the most effective strategies for each section of the act.


                            see schedule                        



















                        bring jane ross to your school                    

we’ll bring act prep directly to you! our instructors travel to schools throughout the area to offer workshops for both students and teachers. we work with school partners such as counselors and administrators to schedule on-site training. contact us today to design a custom training solution for your students or teachers.

learn more




















-ruby, up 8 act points




                        hear from our students                            






"jane ross tutoring helped me increase my act score by 8 points in 7 months!"














-andre, up 4 english points




                        hear from our students                            






"i went to one of your sessions, and then i scored a 31 on the english section. your strategies work! with a bit more practice, i’m sure i can get a composite of 30."














-kiara, up 4 act points




                        hear from our students                            






"the jane ross tutoring act prep program taught me not only to pace myself with testing but also to not overthink my answer choices."














-connor, up 8 act points




                        hear from our students                            






"jane ross tutoring’s online prep taught me a whole new perspective on how to take the act. i improved my score and earned an extra $10,000 in college scholarships!"














-emma claire, up 2 act points




                        hear from our students                            






"jane ross tutoring helped me meet and exceed my goal score by teaching me ways to use the knowledge that i already had more effectively on the act."

















get started today.
higher scores open doors of opportunity for students. scores on the act, psat, and sat are used by college officials to make decisions about admissions, scholarships, and even course selection. our experts deliver effective preparation for student test takers and professional development for teachers who want to enhance their test prep efforts in the classroom. click below to start the journey to improved opportunities.


students + parents
schools + educators





 





















memphis office
contactus@janerosstutoring.com
901.795.7377

8317 cordova rd, suite #103  cordova, tn 38016


nashville office
brad@janerosstutoring.com
615.572.2313

1625 liberty lane  gallatin, tn 37066





read our blog
privacy policy
refund policy


contact us

  facebook

  youtube













