







the drew marshall show | canada's most listened to spiritual talk show

















































































 





















search for:



















new-6 

















drewrandytal 





new-7 

















new-1 





new-3 





new-8 





new-2 





new-5 










brutally authentic spirituality

home
listen to previous shows

2019 show archive – listen now!
2018 show archive – listen now!
2017 show archive – listen now!
2016 show archive – listen now!
2015 show archive – listen now!
2014 show archive – listen now!
2013 show archive — listen now!
2012 show archive — listen now!
2011 show archive — listen now!
2010 show archive — listen now!
2009 show archive — listen now!
2008 show archive — listen now!
2007 show archive — listen now!
2006 show archive — listen now!
2005 show archive — listen now!
2004 show archive — listen now!


featured guests
recent guests
drew’s bio
photo gallery
complaints

 












click on featured guests to listen to their interviews

 

		kathie lee gifford

today show co-host, author,recording artistwww.kathieleegifford.com



		gary burghoff

“radar”  from m*a*s*hwww.bestcareanywhere.net



		james brown

soul brother #1! mr. dyn-o-mite! the godfather of soul!www.godfatherofsoul.com



		alice cooper

syndicated radio host,the original shock rockerwww.alicecooper.com


 

		suzanne somers

'chrissy' from three's companywww.suzannesomers.com



		larry king

talk show host,author & television iconwww.cnn.com



		b.b. king

blues legendwww.bbking.com



		paul michael glaser

perchik from fiddler on the roof, starsky from starsky & hutchwww.paulmichaelglaser.org


 

		jane seymour

award winninghollywood actresswww.janeseymour.com



		chuck norris

actor, martial arts expertwww.chucknorris.com



		john ratzenberger

“cliff claven” from cheers, the voice of pixarratzenberger.com



		kevin sorbo

actor, star of herculeswww.kevinsorbo.net


 

		marie osmond

entertainment royaltywww.marieosmond.com



		don cherry

broadcaster, canadian iconwww.cbc.ca



		stephen harper

former prime minister of canadawww.conservative.ca



		tim conway

comedian, actor, star of the carol burnett showwww.timconway.com


 

		wynonna judd

country music iconwww.wynonna.com



		rainn wilson

dwight from the officerainnwilson



		scott stapp

creed frontmanwww.creed.com



		taraji p. henson

academy award nominated actress


 

		dionne warwick

grammy award winnerwww.dionnewarwick.com



		tony orlando

song & dance manwww.tonyorlando.com



		bruce cockburn

canadian music hall of fame inducteewww.brucecockburn.com



		kristin chenoweth

star of broadway, film, & televisionwww.kristin-chenoweth.com


 

		sinead o'connor

grammy award winnerwww.sineadoconnor.com



		roma downey

emmy & golden globe nominee “monica” touched by an angelwww.bibleseries.tv



		mark burnett

emmy award winner  (the voice, survivor, shark tank)www.bibleseries.tv



		ted dibiase

wrestling's million dollar manwww.milliondollarman.com


 

		jon anderson

founding member/lead singer of yeswww.jonanderson.com



		randy travis

grammy award winnerwww.randytravis.com



		george stroumboulopoulos

canadian broadcasterwww.strombo.com



		deepak chopra

physician, philosopher, authorwww.deepakchopra.com


 

		amy grant

grammy award winnerwww.amygrant.com



		ted mcginley

actor, jefferson d'arcy on married with childrenwww.doyoubelieve.com



		aaron neville

grammy award winnerwww.aaronneville.com



		charlie daniels

grammy award winnerwww.charliedaniels.com


 

		jesse "the body" ventura

former governor ofminnesota & pro wrestler



		cheryl ladd

so much more than  charlie's angel!www.cherylladd.com



		john schneider

"mr. kent" from smallville, "bo duke" from dukes of hazzardwww.johnschneider.tv



		george foreman

former heavyweight champion of the world, king of the grillwww.georgeforeman.com


 

		anne rice

best-selling author of the vampire chronicleswww.annerice.com



		candace cameron bure

“dj” from full housewww.candacecameronbure.net



		lisa welchel

author,  “blair” from hittv show facts of life,survivor finalistwww.lisawhelchel.com



		kerri pomarolli

comedian, actress, authorwww.kerripom.com


 

		jase robertson

star of duck dynastywww.duckcommander.com



		crystal gayle

grammy award winnerwww.crystalgayle.com



		dean jones

mr. disney!



		gavin macleod

actor: the love boat, the mary tyler moore show, mchale’s navywww.gavinmacleod.com


 

		penn jillette

magician, author, actorwww.pennandteller.com



		chuck woolery

iconic tv game show hostwww.chuckwoolery.com



		sylvia browne

psychic, author, lecturer and parapsychology researcherwww.sylviabrowne.com



		magus peter h. gilmore

high priest of the church of satanwww.churchofsatan.org



>>> click here for more previous guests <<<
"doubt is more compatible with faith than certainty!" dr. daniel taylor, author of the skeptical believer










home |
		bio |
		book drew |
		listen archive |
		featured guests |
		recent guests |
		pics |
		copyright |
		contact |
		podcasts |
		twitter


copyright © 2003-2025 the drew marshall show







the drew marshall show ran for 16 years but came to an end on june 29th 2019.
however, drew has decided to leave the interview archives online and available for you.
so enjoy!
we are currently experiencing some technical difficulties with our site. this means that all audio archives can only be listened to with a computer and not a mobile device. our apologies. we are looking into this.
drew who?   since 2003, drew marshall has talked to everyone about whatever it is they believe, in a very light-hearted manner and with absolutely zero agenda, aside from a genuine personal curiosity to understand “belief”. drew was adopted, grew up in a funeral home, survived a teenage suicide attempt, dropped out of school in grade 9, ran away to california to be a wrangler, played semi-pro football with nfl/cfl tryouts, drove around north america volunteering for charities, tried to be a firefighter & a rodeo cowboy, was a stay at home dad, has worked a little in film and tv, became a pastor in australia and studied stand-up comedy & improv at second city toronto. these days he’s a hospital chaplain and hosts canada’s most listened to spiritual talk show. he’s interviewed hundreds of celebrities & cultural icons about their beliefs or lack thereof. struggling with his own faith, drew sacrificed his eyesight for the last week of lent, paid non-believers to go to church, drank with witches, celebrated with wiccans, visited with satanists, walked 1000 km’s on the camino de santiago, then spent time writing in a monastery on an island off the coast of the western sahara during a three month vow of silence. basically, he’s “red letter”, wandering, autodidactic iconoclast with agnostic tendencies and a microphone - a skeptical believer on an irreverent search for the sacred!

*should you wish to reach out to drew directly, please use the contact page. it might take a while for him to respond though, as he now lives on a farm and is no longer addicted to technology. (which is a good thing as he's trying to write a stupid book and gets distracted easi - squirrel!)
caution: do not continue if you are 100% certain about your beliefs
  show this again next time




