
















gloom boom doom by marc faber  
















menu







                      
                      gloom, boom & doom report

                                         
                              what is it?  
                            
                                         
                              recommendations  
                            
                                         
                              free sample issues  
                            





                      
                      market commentary

                                         
                              what is it?  
                            
                                         
                              subscription services  
                            
                                         
                              subscription cost and terms  
                            
                                         
                              why it is not for free anymore?  
                            
                                         
                              public archive  
                            





                      
                      news

                                         
                              news  
                            
                                         
                              investment wisdom  
                            
                                         
                              tomorrow's gold  
                            
                                         
                              book reviews  
                            





                      
                      about

                                         
                              biography  
                            
                                         
                              dr. doom  
                            
                                         
                              books about marc faber  
                            
                                         
                              lifestyle  
                            







contact









             login
          


             subscribe now
          











              february 2025
              the inefficiencies of governments are leading societies towards corruption and crony capitalismmonthly market commentary: february 1, 2025
                read the report    
              
                    subscribe now
                  
news

            17 feb 2025
            
            insights on the state of the global economy, central bank policies, and the long-term effects of inflation on wealth and society
          in this thought-provoking conversation with anthony scaramucci, legendary investor marc faber, publisher of the gloom, boom & doom report, shares his…
            14 dec 2024
            
            high risk of market crash as smart investors sell with marc faber
          thoughts on the markets, large governments, inflation, economics, us bubble, brics currency and more.
            14 nov 2024
            
            „die kronenhalle habe ich noch nie so bumsvoll gesehen“
          durch gelddrucken und umverteilung erreichten die regierenden das gegenteil des beabsichtigten, sagt marc faber: steuern, die bei den armen am…
            19 oct 2024
            
             we're somewhere between 1927 and 1929 before the equity bubble eventually burst
          marc faber: - we're somewhere between 1927 and 1929 before the equity bubble eventually burst. - tariffs are "a truly disastrous idea" that would…
            15 sep 2024
            
            "dr. doom" warns about "magnificent seven" stocks: "the whole world has been gambling."
          by michael sincere  
(marketwatch) -- veteran trader marc faber explains how to protect your money from market uncertainty
in six months, where will…
            23 aug 2024
            
            prognose von dr. doom: «die kommende deflation wird schlimmer als in den 1930er-jahren»
          prognose von dr. doom: «die kommende deflation wird schlimmer als in den 1930er-jahren»
link zum interview hoch2.tv polit-talk
prognose von dr.…

latest monthly market commentary reports

                01 feb 2025
                
              the inefficiencies of governments are leading societies towards corruption and crony capitalism
            the association of mature american citizens (amac), published in january an article entitled the biden legacy: nearly a trillion in improper payments by rachel greszler who wrote that, “the fiscal year 2024 data are in, and they show that the biden administration has overseen a record $926 billion in improper and unknown federal payments since…
              marc faber
            the inefficiencies of governments are leading societies towards corruption and crony capitalism
                01 jan 2025
                
              the consequences of asymmetrical monetary policies
            tom mcclellan (www.mcoscillator.com) wrote recently about the similarities between 1978/1980 oil stock bubble and the current period: “1980 was when president reagan defeated the incumbent president jimmy carter to win election.  reagan's victory was both anticipated and celebrated by wall street, as he was seen as a ‘transformative’ candidate with…
              marc faber
            the consequences of asymmetrical monetary policies
                01 dec 2024
                
              the 2024 trump top
            investors would do well and remember the words of sir arthur conan doyle who opined that “it is stupidity rather than courage to refuse to recognize danger when it is close upon you.” 
about tariffs, the great economic journalist henry hazlitt said: “and this brings us to the real effect of a tariff wall. it is not merely that all its visible…
              marc faber
            the 2024 trump top
                01 nov 2024
                
              where do i find value amidst inflated asset prices? 
            the financial times recently reported that “chinese consumers helped drive an unprecedented boom in the global luxury sector in recent years but a deepening slowdown in the crucial market is now taking its toll on some of the sector’s biggest names. shares across the industry dropped this week after dior owner lvmh, the world’s biggest luxury…
              marc faber
            where do i find value amidst inflated asset prices? 

    show all reports
  
ready to get started?take your knowledge about short to medium term asset market moves to the next level! subscribe now












          
            dr. marc faber, renowned for his unconventional expertise in investment strategies, is a fund manager and author. he serves as the editor of the “gloom boom & doom report” and the “monthly market commentary”, earning international recognition as the pessimistic stock market expert, “dr. doom”.

born in switzerland in 1946, faber pursued economics at the university of zurich and achieved a magna cum laude doctorate in economics at just 24 years old. his career took him to white weld & company limited in new york, zurich, and hong kong between 1970 and 1978. since 1973, he has resided in hong kong.

from 1978 to 1990, faber was instrumental in establishing the asia business for drexel burnham lambert (hk) ltd. in 1990, he ventured into his own business. while he maintains an office in hong kong, he has lived in chiang mai, northern thailand since 2001.

faber’s monthly publications offer investors insights into potential market trends. he gained notoriety for accurately predicting the significant stock market crash on wall street on october 19, 1987. the dow jones plummeted by 23 percent in a single day, marking an unprecedented collapse that led to faber’s enduring title of “dr. doom.”

like all predictors, faber has had his share of misses. if his predictions had always been accurate, market prices would have been significantly lower. his doom predictions stem from his early recognition of the inflationary danger posed by excessive money printing.

regardless of whether you agree with him or not, marc faber’s historical knowledge and his thoughts on political systems, competition, freedom, distribution, and socialism offer a wealth of learning opportunities.
          
          
read more





useful links



home
gloom, boom & doom report
monthly market commentary
news & resources
about marc faber


imprint
disclaimer





help section



help center
forgot your password?
having trouble logging in?
not a subscriber? learn more.




contact us


light
dark






© all rights reserved. 





top















