



the palm beach museum of natural history | visions of vanished worlds










































































 

 








the palm beach museum of natural history


visions of vanished worlds
skip to content




museum information
research and collections

replicas for sale


traveling exhibits
programs and events
membership
volunteer
gallery
blog
contact us


search for:



 






museum information

monday - thursday 12:00 pm to 7:30 pmfriday & saturday 10:00 am - 7:30 pmsunday 11:00 am to 6:00 pmvisitors should plan on arriving at least 45 minutes prior to closinghow to find usthe museum is located inside the mall at wellington green, at forest hill blvd and s. state rd. 7 (441)best entrance is the food court on east side of the mall. the museum is in space 172 on the lower level 
                         upcoming archaeology lecture

                                         the archaeological institute of america so fl chapter presents                                                                                   why underwater?                                              the importance of submerged landscape research for understanding                                                             pleistocene peoples in the new world.                                                                                                                                                     guest speaker                                                                    dr. jessi j. halligan                                  associate professor of anthropology, and chair in first american studies                                                           texas a&m university  perhaps most people think of shipwrecks when underwater archaeology is mentioned, but numerous formerly-terrestrial sites have survived drowning in our freshwater lakes and rivers and on our continental shelves. these sites can even be better preserved than their dry counterparts, and in some cases they can help us answer some of the most pressing questions about people in the past. thousands of pleistocene artifacts have been discovered in florida’s rivers and springs, along with some of the best preserved early sites in the americas. these sites are challenging archaeological models for the peopling of the americas, and are providing us with information about the lifeways of early indigenous peoples in the new world.                                              saturday, 4:00 pm, february 22, 2025                                                                                  at the                                                palm beach museum of natural history        
                                programs and events!

click here for more details and              registration register here - space is limited!       next scheduled lecturesaturday, february 22nd    3:00 pm - 4:30 pm
                        new additions to museum store!

find that unique gift here! art - posters - jewlery - toys    dinosaur figurines                                  real fossil specimens                            museum quality replicassafari ltd. - creative beasts         spinosaurs   megalodon   mosasaur  teeth       bone clones - fossil cratestrilobites ammonites and more


                                                                       featured exhibits 




expedition ice age



expedition ice age: the past becomes alive! mammoths, mastodons, giant sloths, and saber-toothed cats! come see an amazing collection of real fossils and exquisite museum replicas.
cheryll the triceratops



excavated by the museum's paleontologists the majority of cheryll's bones are the real thing! come see the only actual dinosaur skeleton available for viewing in southern florida. 





                                               pbmnh on "the dinosaur channel"




a conversation with robert depalma




a visit with the palm beach museum









                                                          "dinosaur apocalypse!"




a presentation of nova and pbswithsir david attenboroughandrobert a. depalma iipalm beach museum of natural historyemeritus curator of paleontologynew evidence from the tanis site in north dakota offers an unprecidented reconstruction of the last day of the dinosaurs  


nova: dinosaur apocalypse


 


comments are closed.



 



top left sidebar spacer

museum hours & location10300 forest hill blvd.
the wellington green mall
suite 172
wellington fl 33414
find us on the lower level
next to the community room
monday - saturday
12:00 pm to 7:30 pm
sunday
12:00 pm to 6:00 pm
admission
adults - $8
children ages 3 through 12 - $5
group tour pricing varies
with duration and activity
please call for rates
for general information &
to schedule group tours
(561) 729-4246
 
about the museum

mission statement
organization and history
map and directions
employment


staff directory

staff directory 2


board of trustees
development and fundraising

goals and objectives
facility and venue
how you can help

financial donations
loan or donate a collection




 
 
donate today - help feed the raptors!
 

the pbmnh is a non-profit 501(c)3 corp
your contribution is tax deductible


x
x

copyright policy
privacy statement
 




own your own
x


x
dinosaur!


visit the replica division
 of our online store
shop for replicas here 
replica catalogue!
upcoming events
6:30 pm – 8:00 pm, february 13, 2025 – archaeology lecture

x


recent posts


florida’s archaeological and historical resources threatened by  proposed legislation


introducing dakotaraptor


from curator robert depalma: “something big is coming!”


from the field journal of curator robert depalma: kt boundary part 2


from the field journal of curator robert depalma: kt boundary part 1


x
recent commentsx
 x 
x 
 
tags3d capture archaeology everglades fpan free event humor kickstarter lecture native american north carolina review second spanish period florida shipwreck smithsonian spacesuit st. augustine horse skeleton you know you are 






copyright 2015  by pbmnh - all rights reserved - r . pascvcci . r . f . constitvtor . et . rector . primvm . facit the palm beach museum of natural history, inc. is a 501(c)3 non-profit corporation



 














































































