








index




















life & soul promotions
dedicated to the promotion of new soul music
at the forefront of the new soul movement
please note that all new
items on this site are now posted at:- 
http://mikeashley.wordpress.com/

 
please note that all
new items on this site are now posted at:- 
http://mikeashley.wordpress.com/
this allows for
greater flexibility, all the old reviews and interviews remain to be accessible
from here.  all of the suite of life and
soul sites including myspace, facebook and soul commune can be accessed from the
above link
i am slowly migrating
my other sites to the link above to tidy them up and keep them all in one
place.
the best way to use
the new site is to use the side category menu first – this breaks down
what you see to that category only. 
otherwise all posts simply list chronologically.
the main categories
thus far are:-
independent soul news
reviews and new
releases
new york indie soul mixer official site
soul freedom, the
portal for our gigs and radio appearances
mike ashley, more
personal ramblings from me, the author.
thanks for stopping by
mike
www.lifeandsoulpromotions.co.uk
 
2008 been a busy year with increased activity in radio work, and
the two visits to the us, for the indie soul mixer and the independent soul
music summit – the events that life and soul are heavily involved in,
updates and news are now made on the blog site above.  the rest of this site will remain as a
reference to the reviews and interviews we have done in the past.
the links on this
page remain to access you to the suite of sites connected to this one.  
my activities in the
us
are:-
my annual
independent soul mixer event in new
  york.  this
years event will take place on march 21 2009. this will be the fourth one and
it is becoming an essential event on the independent soul calendar.  interest is already high for this event.
email me to ensure that you are on the mailing list for this event
the international
soul summit in atlanta
– i participated in the 2008 event following my initial appearance at the
2007 event, and will also in 2009 in september.
through these visits
i have established an enormous network of people, sites, activities, gigs, and
so on.  the connections are strong and
anyone invoved in the new soul movement in any capacity should get on board,
just drop me an email at mike@lifeandsoulpromotions.co.uk
myspace and,
increasingly, facebook and other social interaction sites are an essential component
to the life and soul suite of sites.  so
with our mailing list, our facebook, myspace etc ‘friends’ we
access regularly many thousands of relevant people.  
included within
facebook is a ‘closed’ group - facebook  - life and soul artist facility – only
members of the industry, artists and their advisers can join this group, where
advice can be given or sought on any matter regarding the business of being an
artists
i always champion
new music, particularly independent, and reviews will continue to appear.  in addition one of the major growth areas for
me has been the radio work.  we now have
a regular weekly show on radio cardiff, the shows are uploaded to http://mikeashley.imeem.com/ so please
take a listen.  i also contribute to
other shows both presenting and providing music – it is therefore
essential that i am kept informed of all your new product!
i continue to assist
and advise artists in connection with visits or proposed visits to the uk.
it is important to
me that i remain independent – so whilst i work with various members of
the soul music community i am not tied to anyone, and i will always give an
independent perspective.
the soul freedom dj
and club outlet continues – we can provide music from any era, for any
purpose – clubs, radio, parties, label launches, afterparties. we
currently have two residencies in cardiff
and play many one-offs.
my firm colin coates
& partners www.ccptax.com can offer
taxation and accounting advice.

life and soul promotions – family
of sites (© mike ashley)
key links 
main website
latest reviews
latest news
myspace for independent artists
facebook
imeem site for music playlists and radio show
playbacks
detailed and other links 
life and soul promotions myspace and
gig listing
 facebook - soul freedom group
facebook - life and soul
promotions group
facebook - life and soul artist
facility group
life and soul
pictures
myspace -
independent soul forum
my personal blog containing diaries
of my us visits
life and soul's
blackplanet site
friendster   poolah    hi5
life and soul merchandise  life and soul
amazon us store  life and soul amazon uk store
selected page links
old main menu
main interview menu
 
reviews - main menu
updates menu
links page
buy your cd's here - retail outlets
international soul summit 2007 diary
and pictures
atlanta music
reviews
the juice on solar
radio - reviews

 



old site links




main site old home page


www.lifeandsoulpromotions.co.uk




alternative site link and owned domain


www.lifeandsoulpromotions.net




independent soul
  forum


www.mikeashley.co.uk  




site message board


message board



 
home
page
mike ashley - mike@lifeandsoulpromotions.co.uk
tel: +44 (0)1934-642121 +44 (0) 77402 84764
(c) life and soul promotions 

visitors:


 
 



