






















home | ontario institute for studies in education




































































      skip to main content
    



















































ontario institute for studies in education








              search
            








              menu
            






              jump to
            



u of t


acorn


pepper


quercus


contact us


give to oise


feeling distressed?








                search
              








enter search text
search







admissions


admissions
find the information you need to move forward with your application to graduate studies at oise.
overview



application deadlines & closing dates


how to apply


supporting documents (all applicants)


non-degree special students


frequently asked questions


newly admitted students


admission events





future students


future students
join a community of passionate changemakers and emerging leaders where you'll feel valued, motivated, and engaged. 
overview



programs


apply


community


connect


information events


registrar's office & student experience (rose)





current students


current students
find funding opportunities, academic support services, learning technology, organizations that match your interests, and much more to help you succeed at oise.



registrar's office & student experience (rose)


graduate funding package


registration & course info


tuition & financial support


oise student success centre (ossc)


international student onboarding


academic skills hub


counselling services


career resources


accessibility services & academic accommodations


workshops & events


education commons


student life at oise


oise student forms





programs


programs
oise offers an exciting range of degrees and programs across four departments that open up worlds of possibility. 
overview



program finder


applied psychology & human development


curriculum, teaching & learning


leadership, higher & adult education


social justice education


collaborative specializations





continuing & professional learning


research & innovation


alumni & friends


alumni & friends
join our alumni community to access a wide range of benefits and services that will connect you to meaningful professional opportunities and new friends.
overview



alumni association


make an impact


perks & benefits


events & programs


career support


alumni portraits


recognition


stay connected





about


about us
connect with the #1 faculty of education in canada. we are a diverse community advancing education, human development and professional practice around the world.  
overview



office of the dean


oise's history


memos & announcements


advisory boards


governance


office of the chief administrative officer


academic plan & reviews


oise teaching awards


upcoming events


news & stories









        jump to
      



u of t


acorn


pepper


quercus


contact us


give to oise


feeling distressed?

















home






















      affirming spaces, going further: black education symposium places history front of mind
read more













canada's largest and most research-intensive education institute
ranked the top school of education in canada and 7th in the world, the ontario institute for studies in education is a diverse community of innovators, collaborators and leaders who have been advancing education, human development and professional practice globally for over a century.we ignite possibilities by placing award-winning faculty, top researchers and bright, passionate students together with world-class resources, a tradition of excellence and a rich network of collaborators.
apply now




#1 faculty of education in canada
#7 in the world
#1 lab school in the world: dr. eric jackman institute of child study


quick links

programs
admission dates
admission process









latest news & stories






 


      january 30, 2025
    

‘the proof of concept is here’: oise doctoral candidate sparks innovation and leadership in zambia with a girls hackathon



in zambia’s copperbelt province, 120 high school girls gathered to showcase their innovative stem solutions for tackling some of their communities’ most pressing environmental challenges. the hackathon was the brainchild of oise doctoral student racheal kalaba.




 


      january 20, 2025
    

achieving, building, learning: looking back at oise's robust 2024



the journey that was 2024 at oise was both rewarding and transformative, filled with challenges, accomplishments and growth.




 


      january 14, 2025
    

'socio-ecological justice': professor kathleen gallagher co-edits new collection about climate change education



professor gallagher has co-edited a new collection on global climate education with oise/cdtps postdoctoral fellow christine balt.





browse all news & stories






 upcoming oise events





















march 1, 2025






master of education (med) virtual open house
explore oise’s top-ranked med programs at our open house! meet faculty, staff, and students while exploring programs still accepting applications for september 2025.







 




february 21, 2025
black history month: frantz fanon 100th year anniversary symposium 


 




february 24, 2025
rematriating justice: honouring the lives of our sisters in spirit 


 




march 12, 2025
drawing disco 






browse all upcoming events






























library
discoverresearch
education commons
news & stories
careers
contact us




give now


help oise address today's most pressing issues—here and around the world.
give now




contact us

ontario institute for studies in education 


                university of toronto 
                            252 bloor street west 

toronto, ontario, canada
m5s 1v6






information for:

future students
current students
faculty & staff























accessibility


privacy


community safety



copyright 2025 – all rights reserved

























