






evander putten |






























home
about us
terms and conditions
privacy policy
contact us
 





select page


  
 



 



 






questions to ask a professional window installer 
 by secure_admin | jan 18, 2025 | window replacement
if you’re planning to replace the windows in your house, then you know it’s a significant investment. it’s a decision that you should not take lightly. you probably have a lot of reasons why you want to install new windows. perhaps your old windows lack insulation. maybe your current windows are damaged. perhaps your old windows are drafty. 

it does not matter what the reason is. it is vital to hire a professional installer. if you choose the wrong company to install your windows, you will probably deal with several issues down the line.  
so, how do you find the right window installation company? well, you have to ask them several questions.  
today, we’re going to share with you questions you need to ask a professional window installer for your window installation project.  
how can you protect my house during installation? 
just because you’re hiring a professional for the job does not mean that mistakes can’t happen. note that professionals are not perfect beings. they can still make errors.  
because of this, they must have precautions to guarantee that your walls, floors, and other valuables are protected.  
in addition, you can also ask them what warranties they have in place. this is because you can use it for compensation in case of an accident.  
you should consider it a red flag if they fail to mention any warranties or precautions. a reputable window installation company should promptly address any of your concerns.  
who will supervise during the project? 
a window company can market itself as a professional and successful installation service provider. however, the question is, are they really what they claim to be? the answer to this question can be determined by who is present at the time of the project. 
because of this, it’s ideal to ask the installer this question before hiring them. a higher-up representative should always be on-site to supervise and manage everything.  
if nobody is going to supervise the technicians, they will not have a reliable individual to oversee them and ensure they are doing the work they advertised.  
do you have examples of previous work? 
a reputable window contractor should be confident to show off their previous works. before hiring any company to install new windows for you, you need to know what result you can expect.  
for instance, getting access to a previous project portfolio is an excellent way to determine whether their services will be ideal for your house.  
you can make your decision based on the results you find. if the window installation company does not have a portfolio, look for another company to hire.  
are you licensed or insured? 
this is another vital question before hiring any company to work on your property. as much as possible, always work with insured or licensed window companies. this is because if any accidents happen during the project, you won’t be liable for anything. the company will pay for the damages that might occur. 
if the window installer is not licensed or insured, steer clear from them. they are not worth your time and money. 
 



  



search for:



 

recent posts


questions to ask a professional window installer 


 recent comments archives

january 2025

 categories

window replacement


   
 
 
 




  

 
 
 








