 

supercalibrations – your home technology partner















































skip to content 










 











home
about
services
contact
 







home
about
services
contact
 












request a bid











 








service that goes way beyond installation







request a bid



















welcome to supercalibrations




your home technology partner

















our services 









 





mediaenvironments







learn more













 





networksolutions







learn more













 





homeautomation







learn more













 





securitysystems







learn more



























about supercalibrations40 years of serviceand expertise







learn more











with well over 100 years combined industry experience, our team is dedicated to delivering the home electronics solution to best suit your family’s needs. whether having a casual movie night in your media room, or hosting a large gathering with friends and family, our custom design will provide enjoyment in your indoor and outdoor spaces for years to come.our commitment to clients continues well beyond the initial installation. with our small business setting, we ensure you never get lost in the shuffle should you have service needs or questions about your system. we pride ourselves in responding immediately to phone calls and emails, as well as providing a familiar voice on the other end of the line. 















don't ask usask our customers











						“we have been working with sc since 1988 and in two houses. sc has been outstanding in every way while providing extremely creative solutions. their staff delivers impeccable service, attention to detail,  are very courteous and most helpful. whether its a tv, audio system, computer or camera/security system they always produce perfect solutions.
for super bowl parties people come hours ahead of time to secure the best seats in the incredible media room sc developed.  we would never consider using anyone else for our a/v and security needs.”					


dr. leo furcht 






						“my wife and i just  "cut the cord" as people now describe eliminating cable tv from a home entertainment budget. as with all our home electronic requirements over the past decade or so we called supercalibrations for assistance in the process.
after discussing with them what we should expect when transitioning away from cable they as usual quickly provided  an easy to use and understand solution.
we highly recommend supercalibrations  and their talented staff for any of your home electronic needs.”
					


don & jodi dolan 




 previous


 next















our brands 







sony


lutron


nad


sonos


rti


psb


access networks


eero


josh.ai



 



this is just a handful of our favorite brands that we work with. ask us if you’re looking for more! 











our latest posts




keep up with the industry








  

set your time for relax december 10, 2019
/
tips & features






  

control your home via app december 10, 2019
/
tips & features
















contact us for a free estimate


















contact











 














 













225 roselawn avenue e., suite 6,st paul, mn 55117 







call us(651) 777-5444email usinfo@supercalibrations.com 



follow usfacebooktwitter 


















































