


















spiritual outreach | lipscomb university












































      skip to main content
    














lipscomb university 







open menu 




close menu 






open search 




close search 








admission & aid


academics


student life


spiritual life


athletics





about


news


events





info for 

more info toggle 








go back to menu 



          menu
        


admitted students


alumni


employers


mylipscomb


directory


student orientation


investing in students


media


parents




 

open search 








request information


schedule a visit


apply to lipscomb








giving





 

close search 







search




submit search 










home
/
about
/
offices and services
/
                                spiritual outreach
            




in this section 

toggle subnavigation 





church services



ets (entertainment and technical services)
 

toggle subnav item 






live stream




commercial film and photography guidelines



human resources
 

toggle subnav item 






search jobs 


contact us





lipscomb family therapy center
 

toggle subnav item 






lipscomb family therapy center


services & pricing


lftc therapists


outcomes


planning your visit


faq


contact & location




lipscomb racquet club


office of government, community relations and strategic partnerships



spiritual outreach
 

toggle subnav item 






impact





university marketing
 

toggle subnav item 






brand standards


capabilities


resources


university marketing team







spiritual outreach

    equipping youth workers and teens to be used by god in the lives of others. 

the spiritual outreach office exists to provide resources for youth ministers, teachers, volunteers, parents, and teens to enrich their life and the lives of others for christ. some of the resources we offer to accomplish these goals include impact, youth minister luncheons and youth minister renewals. 






 






    impact




impact is a summer event at lipscomb designed to provide an atmosphere for teens that enables the development of a personal faith, which will impact their world for christ.
it began in 1992 with 250 campers, counselors, and adults coming together to worship. the main focus of impact is christ. whether it is through prayer, praise, classes, or the messages of the speakers, impact week has been one that teens cherish.
the impact theme is always a mystery till the curtain opens. the theme is developed with varied emphasis on different elements of christian faith from evangelism and textual studies to spiritual development. as well as classes, speakers and worship, campers will enjoy morning impact which has become the comic break of the day. there is also the coffee house where christian groups perform in an intimate environment and campers can attend at their leisure.
we are excited about the next year of impact and pray that it will be a week that brings glory to christ and provides special memories for years to come.
get more details here!






 






    youth minister luncheons 




the office of spiritual outreach hosts monthly luncheons designed for area youth ministers. each month about 30+ youth ministers from tennessee and surrounding states meet for fellowship, encouragement, and to spend time together in prayer. if you would like more information, call us at 800.333.4358, ext. 6284 or 615.966.6284 or e-mail us at teresa.maxwell [at] lipscomb.edu (teresa[dot]maxwell[at]lipscomb[dot]edu).
the luncheons are typically held in the allen arena, hall of fame room on the first tuesday of each month from 11:30 a.m. until 1:30 p.m.
new dates for the luncheons will be listed once the luncheons resume. if you do not receive our emails and would like to be notified of the lunches, please contact teresa maxwell at teresa.maxwell [at] lipscomb.edu (teresa[dot]maxwell[at]lipscomb[dot]edu)






 






    youth minister renewals




youth minister renewals take place in the fall and spring of each year.  they typically take place at a state park and housing is on location in cabins.  the renewals are 3 days and 2 nights for 15-20 youth ministers. if you would like more information please contact us at teresa.maxwell [at] lipscomb.edu (teresa[dot]maxwell[at]lipscomb[dot]edu).













undergraduate


graduate


online






undergraduate


graduate






undergraduate


graduate


online programs







lipscomb university
one university park drive
nashville, tn 37204
800.333.4358
locations
strategic vision


celebrate god's gifts
by sharing them.
make a gift




          academic calendar
        



          news & media
        



          directory
        



          public safety
        



          jobs at lipscomb
        



          report an incident
        



          live events feed
        



          university policies
        



          mylipscomb
        



          website tickets
        










facebook 






instagram 






twitter 






youtube 






linkedin 





© 2025 lipscomb university




































