





  











welcome to renco electronics | renco electronics


















skip to main content area




















search form

search 





 









            cross-a-part          







 


 









            renco part #          







 


 





member sign-in
non-member registration
 













cart
login
 















home
products
virtual engineer
design support
literature request
request a price quote
request a sample
sales support
quality assurance
how to order
shipping
payment
returns
our facilities
directions and accomodations
career opportunities
terms and conditions
3d printed arbors
contact
 















welcome to renco electronics







welcome guest! would you like to log yourself in? or would you prefer to create an account?





 











 
standex international corporation, a message from the ceo, david dunbar 
“we are very pleased to have acquired renco electronics, a great strategic fit deepening our significant engineering and technical expertise in end markets supported by strong engineer-to-engineer relationships.  in addition, renco’s end markets and customer base in areas such as consumer and industrial products are highly complementary to our existing business with the potential to further expand key account relationships and cross selling opportunities between the two companies. renco’s design and manufacturing cycle is extremely efficient, reinforced by a strong global network of proprietary supplier relationships,” commented president and chief executive officer david dunbar.  
click here to see the standex press release regarding the acquisition of renco electronics.
response to the united states tariffs negotiations 
as a result in the increased tariff amount implemented may 10, 2019, renco has made the difficult decision to begin charging a temporary tariff surcharge on new orders with materials imported from china.  renco has been absorbing the tariff cost up to this point, and will continue to absorb some of the cost going forward.  we are hopeful that this will be temporary, and we look forward to the day that these charges will no longer be necessary.  
 
renco adopts superior, faster, quality control system
have you seen latest enhancement to renco's quality control inspection program? our new system uses telecentric illumination technology to provide more efficient, more exact measuring as well as comprehensive data collection and analysis. add in that dimensional inspection requirements can be programmed in or uploaded from controlled drawings and you'll undertand why we are so excited about this leap ahead in our qc program.  watch the new system in action!
coils unlimited joins the renco electronics group! 
since february 2015 coils unlimited has been fully integrated into our rockledge florida manufacturing facility. we are pleased to report that our coils unlimited business continues to grow with happy satisfied customers. coils unlimited specializes in high reliability aerospace and military specification transformers and coils, with itar and nist compliance.
 
full service, one stop shopping
whether the need for 10 parts or 10 million parts – renco can fill all your magnetic requirements, factory direct. our engineering and prototype departments are fully equipped to design, build, test, and deliver samples promptly. computer aided design is our specialty.
small quantities receive first class treatment
small orders receive the same attention as large volume orders. with independent production lines staffed by highly skilled operators, renco can produce anything from the simplest inductor to the most sophisticated transformer.
high volume, low cost production
automated low cost, high volume production lines give us the ability to produce over 5,000 parts per line, per day. our extensive manufacturing capabilities in north america and the far east, include everything from high speed winding machines to our own programmable work station robots. we control everything down to the final test to insure uniformity and unsurpassed reliability.
renco electronics goes social!
be sure to check out renco electronics on your favorite social media sites!


 follow us on google+

 


















iso 9001:2015 system
itar registered and jcp certified
ul file listings
rohs compliant
prevention of counterfeit components






 


















595 international place, rockledge, fl 32955 usa | tel 321.637.1000 | fax 321.637.1600 | engineering 1.800.645.5828 | iso 9001 certified















