










wooded acres family campground | fun for the family near houghton lake



















































(989) 422-3413
 
 















menu










home
camping

campsites
cabins


campsites
cabins
site map & rules
directions & attractions
book now!












 









































welcome to wooded acres family campground
your destination for family fun begins at beautiful houghton lake!


						at wooded acres family campground our guests are treated like family. we’re focused on
						providing you with the hospitality that can be expected from a family-owned business.
						
						whether you’re a water fan of our many nearby lakes, if you’re interested riding on the trails
						that surround the area and connect to other towns, or if you just want to relax and enjoy the
						facilities and amenities here at camp, you and your family are sure to have a great time!
						
						we are located near the center of the state’s lower penninsula, about 90 miles from lake
						michigan and only 77 miles from lake huron. mackinaw bridge is 111 miles north, or just a
						little over an hour and a half drive.
						
						houghton lake is michigan’s largest inland lake by surface area. it boasts some of the best
						pike, walleye, and pan fish fishing in the state and is only 1 mile from wooded acres
						family campground.
                    



some of the amenities offered by wooded acres family campground:
				

    
				large wooded sites
				camp store (in season)
				modern restrooms
				laundry facility
				cabin rentals
				propane sales
				nearby orv trails
				firewood sales & delivery to site
				swimming pool
				fishing pond
				basketball
				volleyball
				horseshoes
				large open playground
				dog run
           		




































wooded acres family campground
997 federal ave
houghton lake, mi 48629
(989) 422-3413
[browser scripting must be enabled in order to view this e-mail address] 
accessibility statementprivacy policy





weather for houghton lake












©  wooded acres family campground. all rights reserved.


















































