



gold city gem mine


























  
                  gold city gem mine is a retail tourist location open to the 
                  public dealing in the sale of precious gems, semi precious gems,gold 
                  and silver gem jewelry, gem mining, gold panning, and the sale 
                  of rocks and minerals 
(recently 
                  found gems: (emerald, aquamarine, ruby, sapphire;( all precious 
                  gems) (amethyst, topaz, garnet,moonstone, smoky quartz, citrine 
                  and ametrine;( all semi-precious gems)!!!!! 







home


gem mining


gems/mounts 


gold panning


rock shop


gemstone dirt


uncut gemstones 


tumblers 


tumbling stones 


gold & supplies


brazillian agate


contact us 


links


specials




home of the 1061 ct. sapphire featured in people weekly, disney adventure, and rock & gem magazines. 







order 
                online from our shoping cart on the left side for gems,gold,gem 
                dirt,gold dirt,uncut gem and tumblers

same 
                    management/owners for 25 years, same good service..
 
                    heated flume inside on cool days
 free admission

group rates available

new outside flume/heated inside winter flume 

professional gem cutting and mounting 






 
(open 
                  9:30am to 5:00pm or later 5 days a week)
(closed 
                  monday and tuesday until color season)
we 
                  also continue to ship daily on both web page orders and customer 
                  phone orders
 
                  (for any questions call 1-800-713-7767).
 
                  for good value check out our new (gems/mounts) section on the 
                  left.
we 
                  are located between franklin, nc and sylva, nc on highway 441 
                  in the western north carolina smoky mountains. we have been 
                  operating with the same owners for almost 25 years and gold 
                  city is actually shown on most road maps. address= 9410 sylva 
                  rd hwy 441n, franklin, north carolina 28374
gold 
                  city owners welcome you to 40 acres of minning on a major highway 
                  (highway 441) in the smoky mountains of western north carolina. 
                  
come to gold city for a day full of fun and excitement for the whole family.  mine in our new and improved, covered flume rain or shine.  keep what you find!  take all mined stones in to our jeweler for free gem identification.  professional cutting is also available in our jewelry store along with a wide variety of gold and silver jewelry.




 
 
 






g


