

 









wvu online at west virginia university

















 







skip to main content






west virginia university 

              wvu online
            





apply now
request information











      open menu
    


home

degrees and certificates
graduate degrees
graduate certificates
undergraduate degrees
undergraduate certificates
associate degrees
minors
non-credit



admissions
undergraduate application
graduate application
visiting students
professional development
veteran and military students
admitted student checklist



tuition and financial aid
online fee faq
all wvu tuition & fees
financial aid



student experience
meet your online coaches
student ambassadors
student resources
current students
special sessions
graduation


blog
events

about
state authorization
professional licensure
staff directory
accreditation



 
toggle search
 










search










search





                      would you like to search this site specifically, or all wvu websites?
                    


search this site



search wvu



























find your online program.
industry-leading programs and career-advancing degrees, most of
              which offer in-state tuition.




11
undergraduate degrees




30+
graduate degrees




25
certificates





explore degrees and certificates












stay connected


news and blogs


304 at your door provides valuable news, information, and resources to simplify
  your online journey.










top 11 careers to pursue with a sports management degree

        
          a degree in sports management opens doors to a collection of promising career paths within the sports industry. we’ve scored insights from glassdoor and payscale to provide estimated annual salaries and responsibilities for each role.
        
      
read more: top 11 careers to pursue with a sports management degree







sports administration vs. sports management: key differences to know

        
          ready to turn your passion for sports into a rewarding career? the sports industry offers two exciting paths: sports administration and sports management. but what's the difference, and which one aligns with your goals?
        
      
read more: sports administration vs. sports management: key differences to know







how to become a chief marketing officer 

        
          what does it take to become a cmo? discover the educational and professional pathways to this dynamic and competitive marketing leadership role.
        
      
read more: how to become a chief marketing officer 




virtual events

experience what it's like to be an online mountaineer by attending one of our virtual admissions events. program information sessions, enrollment, and student success events are hosted throughout the year. we’ve got you covered
  with all of the need-to-know information. meet members of the wvu online community
  and explore the programs offered online by our r1, land-grant,
  big 12 university.




 
register for a virtual event














climb to new heights
embark on a transformative journey of self-discovery and growth. by applying
            to west virginia university, you're investing in your future, opening
            doors to a world of possibilities, and taking a significant step toward
            becoming a mountaineer and achieving your dreams.
            
let’s go!



learn how to apply












explore possibilities
college is a major investment of time and resources, so it's important
            to thoroughly research your options to find the best fit for your
            goals and aspirations. by exploring your choices, you can ensure your
            college experience supports your ambitions, paving the way for a
            successful and fulfilling future.
            
take the next step-request more information, connect with one
                of our coaches, or both!



request information  meet our coaches

















next steps









admissions and enrollment support

our admissions and enrollment coaches are here to answer your questions and help
      you through the process of becoming a wvu online student. meet with them on
      zoom, or via phone, email, and text messaging, from wherever you are and during
      times that work best for you.

meet your support team





what it's like to be an online student

we bring wvu to you with a state-of-the-art learning platform, support, and connections.
      get the scoop on what technology you need and take a peek into an online course.
      get to know what it’s like to work virtually with your professors and your
      peers.
    

prepare to learn online





cost and financial aid

with financial aid, scholarships, and grants factored in, our tuition won’t break
      the bank. college should be the best years of your life, not the most expensive.

more on costs and financial assistance





start the application process

bring us your lifelong passion and we’ll help you create an academic plan to
      turn that passion into a successful career, whether you’re just getting started
      or picking up where you left off.

how to apply















we're here for you.
call us, write us, or fill out the request information form. whichever communication
          style you prefer, there will be someone from wvu online on the other end
          waiting to help.

(800) 253-2762
email us
submit a contact request form















world-class academics at an exceptional value.




contact us

wvu online
west virginia university 
  po box 6800
  morgantown, wv 26506-6800

phone: (800) 253-2762
  
email:
wvuonlineinquiry@mail.wvu.edu




connect on social
     
        



















accreditations
web standards
privacy notice
questions or comments?


          © 2025 west virginia university. wvu is an eeo/affirmative action employer — minority/female/disability/veteran.
          last updated on january 21, 2025.




a-z site index
campus map
wvu careers
wvu directory


give
handshake
wvu alert
wvu today
wvu portal


wvu on facebook
wvu on twitter
wvu on youtube















