




bainbridge-decatur: home




















































homewho we aremissionboardstaffour business planwhat we doadvocatedevelop talentgrow businessprovide leadershipget involveduse your benefitsattend an eventjoinapplybenefitsour membersdirectoryjob postingsvisit bainbridgelogineventscalendartinsel trailannual awardsag appreciation lunchriver town dayschamber connectribbon cuttingsflint river fairnewsblogcontactcontact us




join now!member login






























shop | dine | stay 

shop bainbridge 
this season
so many reasons to love it here
learn more












welcome to the

chamber  of commerce
a membership organization dedicated to strenthening the bainbridge economy by strengthening bainbridge businesses. 
learn more












get involved!

create what you want  to be a part of
committee and sponsor sign-ups now available
learn more
















				about us
			the chamber is a membership organization, working to improve business and our local community through advocacy, workforce development, community development and member engagement.









attend an event
the chamber offers many networking events throughout the year to help members make meaningful connections that help them grow their business.
read more »











join now
get involved and help grow your business, your community and your own self.
read more »











our members
doing business in bainbridge and decatur county?  check out our members first!
read more »

















				stay up to date on everything happening at the chamber.
			
				limited trees available for the 2024 southwest georgia tinsel trail!
			
		created by melissa mills
		|
	

	
		10/24/2024
	the 2024 southwest georgia tinsel trail is just around the corner...
			read more
		
				leadership decatur county: ag session recap
			
		09/25/2024
	yesterday’s ag session highlighted how vital the agriculture industry is to decatur county. our leadership decatur county participants had the...
			read more
		
				meet your chamber ambassadors
			
		created by melissa mills
		|
	

	
		09/20/2024
	we are thrilled to bring back the chamber ambassador program! at the bainbridge-decatur county chamber of commerce, our ambassadors play a vital role...
			read more
		view all news










what people say about us


























sustaining members

























































































leading members



































































































































































				get in touch
			
bainbridge-decatur county chamberwe are here to serve you.100 boat basin cir, bainbridge, ga 39817phone: 229-246-4774email: info@bainbridgegachamber.com
send us a messagename
*email
*phonemessage
*
							submit
						






















the mission of the bainbridge-decatur county chamber of commerce is to strengthen business, foster economic growth, and improve the quality of life for all.© 2024 bainbridge-decatur chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved.











homewho we aremissionboardstaffour business planwhat we doadvocatedevelop talentgrow businessprovide leadershipget involveduse your benefitsattend an eventjoinapplybenefitsour membersdirectoryjob postingsvisit bainbridgelogineventscalendartinsel trailannual awardsag appreciation lunchriver town dayschamber connectribbon cuttingsflint river fairnewsblogcontactcontact us


























