






department of earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences - purdue university

























skip to main content












 quick links
                        
















loading










find info for 
                                    

find info for
academics
become a student
current students
athletics
about
careers
research and partnerships



quick links
apply
news
president
shop
visit
give
emergency















                                department of earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences
                            










 menu
                        



home
about

welcome
departmental facts
facilities
faculty hiring
contact
strategic plan
persistent pursuit of mars


people

directories
faculty
staff
postdocs/visiting scientists
graduate students
eaps ombudspersons


academics

undergraduate programs
undergraduate research
graduate programs
eaps courses
paying for purdue
purdue visitor information center


research

all research areas
atmospheric and climate sciences
environmental geoscience
geodata science initiative
geology & geophysics
planetary science
graduate student research opportunities


outreach

outreach home
visit the department
teacher resources
outdoor rock display


alumni

eaps alumni home
eaps corporate partners
college of science awards for eaps alumni
giving


media

departmental news
twitter
linkedin
facebook
instagram


resources

eaps lab safety
information technology
library
calendar
internships/career


giving













department of earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciencesthe department of earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences has a great diversity of programs and intersecting disciplines, with faculty and students studying in fields such as tectonics, geophysics, atmospheric dynamics and chemistry, environmental sciences, biogeochemistry, climate change, severe weather, planetary sciences, astrobiology, data science, and many other areas. we are committed to strategic initiatives in diversity and inclusion, education, interconnections between the earth’s interior and surface, climate and sustainability, planetary exploration and spacecraft missions, and the development of emerging fields of study.undergradsgrad studentsour peopleresearchseminars and events
more information




newshow nasa’s osiris-rex mission may help us understand the origins of life on earthpbs news — the origins of life on our planet remains one of science’s great mysteries. now, a nasa mission that brought a piece of an ancient asteroid back to earth has revealed that the building blocks of life may have been scattered throughout the solar system billions of years ago. purdue eaps associate professor michelle thompson is interviewed in the pbs news video.why we must investigate phobos, the solar system's strangest objectnewscientist — mars's moon phobos is so strange that no one knows how it formed. but a forthcoming mission could solve this mystery - and a host of other puzzles connected to the solar system's deep past. associate professor of purdue eaps david minton is cited in this article. subscription is required for viewing.the mystery of the lafayette meteoritejournal review — eaps professor anthony freed and assistant professor marissa tremblay talk about a meteorite found in a drawer at purdue university. celebrating black excellence: honoring boilermakers who have shaped our community purdue university is committed to honoring the black students, alumni, faculty and staff who have had pivotal roles in our history. we look up to the individuals who made memorable contributions and thank those who continue to do so today.  purdue’s strengths in interdisciplinary sciences places it no. 20 globallytimes higher education survey, highlighting value of multiple academic disciplines coming together to solve global challenges, ranks purdue no. 7 among u.s. public universitiesall departmental news












communication 




onecampus portal
brightspace
boilerconnect
office 365
outlook
mypurdue






news/publications  




news
newsletters
seminars
events
open positions






resources  




business office
information technology
library of engineering and science
purdue libraries
eaps calendar
purdue calendar






faculty & staff  




people
faculty
staff
researchers/post docs/visitors
graduate students
onecampus portal













    









earth, atmospheric, and planetary sciences, 550 stadium mall drive, west lafayette, in 47907-2051 • phone: (765) 494-3258 • fax: (765) 496-1210 • contact us
copyright © 2024 purdue university | an equal access/equal opportunity university | copyright complaints | doe degree scorecards
trouble with this page? accessibility issues? please contact the college of science.






