  vexus fiber - home & business internet provider               
         
         menumenuresidentialbusinesssmall & midsize businessenterprisewholesaleespañolenglishmenumenuget $50contact uscheck emailhelppay my billbroadband labelcall or text 800-658-2150
homeget $50internetinternet service & offersmultigig fiber internetinternet freedom100% fiber advantagewholehome wifiinternet helpspeed teststreamingstreaming optionswatch tv onlinechannel lineupsphonephone service & offersenhanced 911home phone featureslifeline assistanceinternational callingphone helpcustomersaccountmy accountpay my billcheck my emailtvstreaming optionswatch tv onlinechannel lineupshelpreceive text alertsreport troubleconstruction informationcareersbusinesssmall & midsize businessenterprisewholesalehelpcheck my emailpay my billreceive text alerts800-658-2150read our reviewsespañolenglish 


start shoppingfor construction information – click hereconstruction information
start shoppingget $50refer a friend get $50 – click herevexus fiber™ services available for your homewith vexus fiber™ services, you’ll experience a whole new way of keeping your home connected and your family entertained. with a 100% pure fiber connection brought directly to your home, the reliability and stability is unmatched. make the switch to vexus and discover different.
service areasdiscover better internet

150$3495/mo*


good for checking email, social media and light streaming. best for two-person households and casual internet users.add wholehome wifistart shopping500$4495/mo*


great for video chatting, streaming music and video and downloading large files. best for homes with multiple internet users and multiple streaming devices.add wholehome wifistart shopping1 gig$4995/mo*


made for streaming, gaming, alarm systems, doorbell cameras, working from home and more. best for families and heavy internet users.add wholehome wifiincludes $100 gift card*start shopping2 gig$6995/mo*


made for simultaneous streaming, gaming, alarm systems, content creation, working from home and more. best for families and heavy internet users.add wholehome wifiincludes $100 gift card*start shopping*not available in all markets5 gig$10995/mo*


premium service. made for simultaneous streaming, gaming, content creation, alarm systems, working from home and more. best for large households and extreme internet users.add premium wholehome wifistart shopping*not available in all markets< lessspeedmore >speedservicesfiber internetget the best internet connection in town with vexus’ blazing-fast fiber internet! choose from one of our most popular packages to keep your entire home connected and moving at the speed of light.
learn morereliable phoneat vexus, we keep our customers connected at home with a phone service that comes with the most popular calling features. keeping in touch has never been this easy! learn more about our voice options today!
learn more24/7 local supporthere at vexus fiber our customer support is available 24/7. we live and work in the towns we serve.  our amazing support representatives are located right here in texas.
learn moreexperience the vexus difference

slide 5slide 5slide 5refer-a-friendlove vexus internet? love saving money? earn $50 for everyone you refer!
refer nowcontact uscall usemail usconnect with us
productsinternetwholehome wifiphonebusiness
i want topay my billcheck my emailmove my servicereceive text alertsrefer a friendreturn equipmentsee faqswatch tv onlineinquire about constructionbroadband label
about vexusaboutcareersnewsscholarship programadvertisestoresservice areasgigacity

800-658-2150info@vexusfiber.com* offers subject to change; available to new residential customers only. may not be combined with other offers. services are subject to all applicable terms and conditions. in select markets, vexus may offer asymmetrical speeds. advertised speed based on wired connection and compatible equipment; see our network management and broadband internet service disclosures for more details. services not available in all areas. restrictions apply. the pricing for the 150/150 mb and 5/5 gig offers are locked for the first twelve months of service. the price will increase by $10 per month at the beginning of the thirteenth month of service. at the beginning of the twenty-fifth month, vexus' then current standard rate will apply. the pricing for the 500/500 mb offer is locked for the first twelve months of service. the price will increase by $12.50 per month at the beginning of the thirteenth month. at the beginning of the twenty-fifth month of service, vexus' then current standard rate will apply. the pricing for the 1/1 gb offer is locked for the first twelve months of service. the price will increase by $10 per month at the beginning of the thirteenth month of service. at the beginning of the twenty-fifth month of service, the price will increase by another $10 per month. at the beginning of the thirty-seventh month of service, vexus' then current standard rate will apply. the pricing for the 2/2 gb offer is locked for the first twelve months of service. the price will increase by $10 per month at the beginning of the thirteenth month of service. at the beginning of the twenty-fifth month of service, the price will increase by another $10 per month. at the beginning of the thirty-seventh month of service, the price will increase by another $10 per month. at the beginning of the forty-ninth month of service, vexus' then current standard rate will apply. an eero router is provided at no additional cost when purchasing vexus internet speeds up to 5 gb; and equipment must be returned at time of cancellation. upon any service suspension or voluntary service downgrade, pricing will revert to vexus' then-current standard rates. gift card offer requires purchase of 1/1 gb or 2/2 gb speeds from february 4, 2025 - march 3, 2025. to redeem gift card offer, customer must pay for 3 full months of qualified service(s). after 3 full months of payments, a link will be emailed to the account holder to claim the gift card. at that time, your gift card may be claimed via email, which may take up to 4 weeks after request submission. a valid, working email address is required. if qualified services are canceled or downgraded before the 12th month, the gift card amount will be billed to the customer account. one gift card offer per household. the advertised price does not include applicable taxes and fees (including installation fees and $12.95 per month tech assure fee).internet privacy statementterms & conditionssms opt-in forminternet managementregulatoryprogramming noticesrefund policyfcc public filesunderstanding your bill – taxes and feesacp disclosures
© 2024 vexus fiber. all rights reserved.
start shopping   
lifeline transfer-in consentat this time only louisiana residents are eligible to submit a transfer consent. for texas residents please visit texaslifeline.org for more information on how to transfer your benefits.
close			
contact us

notice: javascript is required for this content.
          
×			
contact uscall usemail uscontact usreceive text alerts
×			find exclusive offers just for youdiscover online specials
 
x			                                                         

