















olebluetheheretic








































































olebluetheheretic



fiction and non-fiction writing, news, current events, cultural topics, poetry, images, links, jokes

























































































sunday, march 8, 2015







what android lollipop has to offer 







what android lollipop has to offer
              

see all features  






                      material design
                    
a bold, colourful and responsive ui design for consistent, intuitive
                      experiences across all your devices.
                    

responsive, natural motion, realistic lighting and shadows, and familiar
                      visual elements make it easier to navigate your device.
                      
vivid new colours, typography and edge-to-edge imagery help to focus your
                      attention.
                      




                      notifications
                    
new ways to control when and how you receive messages – only get interrupted
                      when you want to be.
                    

view and respond to messages directly from your lock screen. includes the
                      ability to hide sensitive content for these notifications.
                      
for fewer disruptions, turn on priority mode via your device’s volume
                      button so only certain people and notifications get through. or schedule
                      recurring downtime, such as from 10.00 p.m. until 8.00 a.m., when only
                      priority notifications can get through.
                      
with lollipop, incoming phone calls won’t interrupt what you’re watching
                      or playing. you can choose to answer the call or just keep doing what you’re
                      doing.
                      
control the notifications triggered by your apps; hide sensitive content
                      and prioritise or turn off the app’s notifications entirely.
                      
more intelligent ranking of notifications based on who they’re from and
                      the type of communication. see all your notifications in one place by tapping
                      the top of the screen.
                      




                      battery
                    
power for the long haul
                    

a battery saver feature that extends device use by up to 90 mins.
                      
estimated time left to fully charge is displayed when your device is
                      plugged in.
                      
estimated time left on your device before you need to charge again can
                      now be found in battery settings.
                      




                      security
                    
keep your stuff safe and sound
                    

selinux enforcing for all applications means even better protection
                      against vulnerabilities and malware.
                      
use android smart lock to secure your phone or tablet by pairing it with
                      a trusted device like your wearable or even your car.
                      




                      device sharing
                    
more flexible sharing with family and friends
                    

multiple users for phones. if you forget your phone, you still can call
                      any of your friends (or access any of your messages, photos, etc.) by simply
                      logging in to another android phone running lollipop. also perfect for
                      families who want to share a phone, but not their stuff.
                      
guest user for phones and tablets means you can lend your device and not
                      your info
                      
screen pinning: pin your screen so that another user can access just that
                      content without messing with your other stuff
                      




                      new quick settings
                    
get to the most frequently used settings with just two swipes down from the
                      top of the screen.
                    

new handy controls like flashlight, hotspot, screen rotation and cast
                      screen controls.
                      
easier on/off toggles for wi-fi, bluetooth and location.
                      
manually adjust your brightness for certain conditions. then, adaptive
                      brightness will kick in based on ambient lighting.
                      




                      connectivity
                    
a better internet connection everywhere and more powerful bluetooth low
                      energy capabilities
                    

improved network handoffs resulting in limited interruption in
                      connectivity. for example, continue your video chat or voip calls without
                      interruption as you leave the house and switch from your home wi-fi back to
                      mobile.
                      
improved network selection logic so that your device connects only if
                      there is a verified internet connection on wi-fi.
                      
power-efficient scanning for nearby bluetooth low energy (“ble”) devices
                      like wearables or beacons.
                      
new ble peripheral mode.
                      




                      runtime and performance
                    
a faster, smoother and more powerful computing experience.
                    

art, an entirely new android runtime, improves application performance
                      and responsiveness.
                        
up to 4x performance improvements.
                          
smoother ui for complex, visually rich applications.
                          
compacting backgrounded apps and services so that you can do more at
                          once.
                          


support for 64 bit devices, like the nexus 9, brings desktop class cpus
                      to android.
                        
support for 64-bit socs using arm, x86 and mips-based cores.
                          
shipping 64-bit native apps like chrome, gmail, calendar, google play
                          music and more.
                          
pure java language apps run as 64-bit apps automatically.
                          






                      media
                    
bolder graphics and improved audio, video and camera capabilities.
                    

lower latency audio input ensuring that music and communication
                      applications that have strict delay requirements provide an amazing realtime
                      experience.
                      
multi-channel audio stream mixing means professional audio applications
                      can now mix up to eight channels including 5.1 and 7.1 channels.
                      
usb audio support means that you can plug usb microphones, speakers and a
                      myriad of other usb audio devices like amplifiers and mixers into your
                      android device.
                      
opengl es 3.1 and android extension pack brings android to the forefront
                      of mobile graphics putting it on par with desktop and console class
                      performance.
                      
a range of new professional photography features for android lollipop
                      that let you:
                        
capture full resolution frames around 30 fps.
                          
support raw formats like yuv and bayer raw.
                          
control capture settings for the sensor, lens and flash per
                          individual frame.
                          
capture metadata like noise models and optical information.
                          


state of the art video technology with support for hevc to allow for uhd
                      4k video playback, tunneled video for high-quality video playback on android
                      tv and improved hls support for streaming.
                      




                      ok google
                    
easy access to information and performing tasks
                    

even if your screen is off, you can say "ok google" on devices with
                      digital signal processing support such as nexus 6 and nexus 9.
                      
talk to google on the go to get quick answers, send a text, get
                      directions and more.
                      




                      coming soon: android tv
                    
support for living room devices
                    

user interface adapted for the living room.
                      
less browsing, more watching with personalised recommendations for
                      content like films and tv shows.
                      
voice search for google play, youtube and supported apps so that you can
                      just see what you want to see.
                      
console-style android gaming on your tv with a gamepad.
                      
cast your favourite entertainment apps to your big screen with google
                      cast support for android tv devices.
                      




                      accessibility
                    
enhanced low-vision and colour-blind capabilities.
                    

boost text contrast or invert colours to improve legibility.
                      
adjust display to improve colour differentiation.
                      




                      now in 68+ languages
                    
15 new additions
                    

basque, bengali, burmese, chinese (hong kong), galician, icelandic,
                      kannada, kyrgyz, macedonian, malayalam, marathi, nepali, sinhala, tamil,
                      telugu
                      




                      device setup
                    
get up and running in no time
                    

tap & go: instant setup of your new android phone or tablet by simply
                      tapping it to your old one (requires nfc).
                      
whenever you get a new android phone or tablet, you can bring over your
                      apps from google play automatically from any of your old android devices.
                      




                      and a whole lot more.
                    

tap & pay: easily manage multiple payment apps by quickly switching
                      between them
                      
print preview and page range support
                      
revamped display for battery, bluetooth, data usage and wi-fi settings
                      and new search functionality in settings.
                      
new device level feedback for nexus devices in settings > about phone
                      > send feedback.
                      
easier sharing with:
                        
improved ranking of your options within the share menu.
                          
android beam – lets you share a file with someone nearby by gently
                          tapping the two devices together.
                          


where supported by the hardware, your device will wake up as soon as you
                      pick it up or tap the screen twice.
                      











posted by

news updater



at

11:21 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
android lollipop










sunday, september 4, 2011







chile air crash: 'all 21 on board died instantly







all 21 people on board an aircraft that crashed in the pacific ocean on friday must have died instantly, chile's defence minister has said. 
so far only four bodies have been recovered from the area where the air force plane crashed.  
those on board included one of chile's leading tv personalities, felipe camiroaga, and the defence minister's own brother-in-law, felipe cubillos.
the plane was lost after trying to land in poor weather.
the casa-212 turboprop plane twice tried to land at the islands' airport in windy conditions on friday afternoon.
none of the bodies found were immediately identified.
in another development, the reburial of former president salvador allende, planned for sunday, was postponed due to the crash.
the remains of allende, who died during the 1973 coup, were exhumed in may in a bid to determine whether he had killed himself or was murdered. experts concluded he had committed suicide.
earthquake assignment



mr camiroaga had been flying to the islands with a five-strong crew from chile's national tv programme buenos dias a todos - good morning everyone.
         they had been due to film a piece on reconstruction projects after the magnitude-8.8 earthquake and tsunami which hit chile and devastated the islands in february 2010.
         the defence minister, andres allamand, said everyone would have died instantly when the crash happened.
         "based on observations and the search we carried out with the air force commander, we have reached the conclusion that the impact was such that it should have resulted in the instantaneous death of all of those who were aboard the aircraft," he told a news conference.
         chilean president sebastian pinera said that his thoughts were with the families of those on board the plane, which had taken off from the capital santiago at 14:00 (17:00 gmt) on friday and lost contact with air traffic control some four hours later.
         "i empathise with the anguish and uncertainty the relatives the 21 passengers aboard the plane, which is presumed to have gone down, are living through at this moment," mr pinera said.
         "this is a very hard blow for our country."
         one of those on board was the businessman and philanthropist felipe cubillos - mr allamand's brother-in-law - who had also been working on post-earthquake reconstruction with the group desafio levantemos chile 
chileans gathered at chilean national tv headquarters, with dozens of people lighting candles and praying outside the gates.
         as well as co-hosting buenos dias a todos, mr camiroaga, 44, fronted the late-night talk show animal nocturno (nocturnal animal).
         the juan fernandez islands lie around 420 miles (670 km) off chile's coast, and are thought to have inspired the setting for daniel defoe's classic shipwreck novel robinson crusoe.


following are online store







posted by

news updater



at

1:28 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest














home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















followers











blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2015

(1)





        ▼ 
      



march

(1)

what android lollipop has to offer










        ► 
      



2011

(1)





        ► 
      



september

(1)









read













































picture window theme. powered by blogger.
























