



	sto - home






























toggle navigation












home


lookup


support


faq


short term rental list


















louisiana sales tax notice



attention louisiana filers only! you can begin filing and payment of your louisiana local returns in this system.
for louisiana department of revenue returns, due to the implementation of the requirements of act 11 of the 2024 third extraordinary 
                                    session of the louisiana legislature, salestaxonline is not yet able to accept sales tax 
                                    returns with a statutory due date of feb. 20, 2025.  any taxpayer wishing to file louisiana 
                                    state sales tax returns at this time may do so through the louisiana taxpayer access point (latap)  
                                    account management portal from the louisiana department of revenue. if you do not have a latap account, 
                                    you may register by clicking the “sign up” link on the latap homepage.
                                







a cloud-based solution to file and remit tax returns and register short term and hotel properties.






returning users login
username


forgot username?


password


forgot password?



                                                remember username
                                            























business account

                                        for business owners or companies who need to file for a single business or a business with multiple locations, and for short term or hotel property owners who need to register.
                       
                                    
create a business account 




tax preparer account

                                        for tax preparers, cpas and filing practitioners who manage multiple business accounts for multiple clients.
                       
                                    
create a tax preparer account 











we cover more than 300 local jurisdictions across alabama, california, colorado, hawaii, kansas, louisiana and texas.
see available tax returns 






×
modal header




close




















website support







tax authority
                                        contact information







powered by avenu insights & analytics, llc. - © 1999- - all rights reserved
privacy statement | terms and rules














