









intbau | intbau is a global network promoting traditional building, architecture, and urbanism.
















































            a global network dedicated to creating better places to live.
            read our charter.
          











            international network for traditional building,
            architecture & urbanism









info

about us
charter
chapters
education
members
world congress ’22


latest

events
news


resources

documents
institutions
listings


join & support

general membership
professional membership
corporate
academic


shop
contact
 




ways to get involved



become an intbau member
general membership is free. join now to support our cause and enjoy the unique benefits.








education programmes
take a closer look at the educational opportunities available in the network and beyond.











our chapters are essential to the work we do worldwide.

	            explore chapters
	        







meet our professional members
intbau college of traditional practitioners and intbau young practitioners.








call for applications: intbau grassroots grants programme
apply now for the 2024-2025 intbau grassroots grants programme.









latest news view all

next event:


exhibition ‘outside-in & inside-out’ by intbau ireland














10 feb, 2025


                        exhibition ‘outside-in & inside-out’ by intbau ireland 
                    
this exhibition will showcase exceptional designs for new buildings, created by two talented students of architecture, both with strong connections to belfast. the event reflects the recent worldwide resurgence of beauty in built environments.












29 jan, 2025


                        2025 intbau events and activities calendar 
                    
a compilation of events and activities by the intbau network worldwide. mark your calendar and stay tuned for updates as we continue to add upcoming events.












29 jan, 2025


                        announcing the winners of the awards for emerging excellence in the classical tradition 
                    
meet kate chambers, douglas clark, and leyla alekperova, and learn about their outstanding work.












27 jan, 2025


                        intbau presents revista baluarte, an initiative by intbau brazil 
                    
a compendium of knowledge on the preservation and revitalisation of traditional architectural practices in brazil and beyond. now available for download.












23 jan, 2025


                        webinar series ‘the architecture of place: in conversation with…’ 
                    
join us for a new series of this collaboration between inbtau, the king’s foundation, and the icaa, featuring three architects and scholars from different backgrounds and points of view.












21 jan, 2025


                        intbau chapters outline a vision for the future of ukraine 
                    
in 2024, the intbau network came together to discuss the future of ukraine’s built environment. intbau chapters in ukraine and poland met with experts from the university of notre dame school of architecture for an urban design workshop in the city of zolochiv, western ukraine. 






view all news & events









            "the charm of a city is not unlike the charm of flowers. it partly depends on seeing time creep across it."
        

            robert doisneau
        


 




about
intbau is a global network dedicated to creating better places to live through traditional building, architecture, and urbanism.
read our charter



                  intbau uk ltd is a registered charity no. 1132362
                





explore
contact
about us
charter
education
join & support
resources
shop
privacy notice
cookie policy
 

support us
corporate
academic
 
follow us


















 














