






















dreibergen rottweilers - german rottweiler breeder|rottweiler puppies and adults|
working, champion and companion rottweilers|rottweiler information











home
our males
our females
available puppies
available adults
rescue
rottweiler information
about us
contact us




dreibergen rottweilers
















welcome to our website

we are a 
	reputable and responsible rottweiler breeder of german import working and champion titled rottweilers. 
	our rottweilers are working and conformation titled, properly ofa certified for the appropriate genetic disorders 
	- hips, elbows, cardiac, eyes and jlpp, 
	and are akc registered. we are a hobby kennel and have puppies, youth and adult rottweilers available.
 our website has information on our dogs including photos, pedigrees, health information, 
	 and accomplishments. there is	useful 
	rottweiler information with 
	articles on the 
	rottweiler natural tail, 
	breed specific legislation, 
	 an explanation of 
	schutzhund/ipo, information on rottweiler health and disorders, 
	and our rottweiler photo gallery which contains thousands of photos of german rottweilers of the 
	past that are found in the pedigrees of german dogs.
if you are searching for a rottweiler puppy please take the time to read our informative 
	articles, "the price of a puppy" and "finding a rottweiler breeder" which will help you in your
	search.
if you are looking for youth or adult rottweilers for sale, check our 
	available adults page
	or ir you are looking for a rescued rottweiler check our 
	rottweiler rescue page.  
	you will find information on our upcoming litters and rottweiler puppies for 
	sale on our puppies 
	page,    




puppies

	we have puppies!! follow our picture updates on  facebook

more information...




about us



we believe in the complete working rottweiler - health, conformation, 
	character, working ability, versatility, intelligence, courage, desire to please 
	and willingness to work. we adhere to the 
	fci breed standard for the rottweiler. 
	we are members of the usrc (united states rottweiler club), 
	adrk (allgemeiner deutscher rottweiler-klub), 
	usca (united schutzhund clubs of america), 
	swdt sherwood dog training club and tmda (tri mountain 
	dogsport association) - a usrc member club. 
	we are an akc breeder of merit. we strictly adhere to the 
	usrc breeding regulations and membership agreement.

	we believe the best rottweilers in the world are bred in germany, the birthplace of the rottweiler 
	and the adrk has preserved the true rottweiler through their selective and controlled breeding 
	practices - by only breeding dogs that have been tested in temperament and working ability 
	by obtaining a minimum of a bh and ztp (zuchttauglichkeitspruefung) as well in health by being tested 
	for hip and elbow dysplasia. our dogs are german imports or direct descendants of german imports 
	out of our own breeding program.




	all of our dogs must have the appropriate ofa 
	health certifications for this breed and meet our standards in both conformation and temperament. our dogs 
	are selected and bred for the purpose of betterment of the breed, proving themselves 
	on the 
	schutzhund field, the obedience ring and the show ring. we actively train, trial and show 
	our dogs in many different venues which enables us to accurately and honestly evaluate our 
	dogs and our breeding program.

we selectively breed litters out of the highest quality dogs to produce top quality 
	rottweiler puppies. our goal is to produce 
	excellent rottweilers that consistently exceed expectations. we specifically breed for health, 
	temperament, type, versatility and working ability to produce balanced puppies suitable for show, 
	work or companion. puppies from our breeding are akc registered and sold with health guarantees.


	we occasionally have adult or youth rottweilers 
	for sale. we offer limited stud services to qualified females including shipping of fresh chilled 
	of frozen semen from our rottweiler stud dogs. 
	we also have a limited quantity of frozen semen 
	available from accomplished rottweiler stud dogs from the past. we are active in rottweiler rescue 
	and occasionally have rescue dogs available 
	for adoption.




	quality doesn't happen by accident, it is only through careful selection of genetically sound breeding 
	partners from many generations of proven dogs that a breeder can be assured they are producing specific 
	desirable traits. a "breeder" must be dedicated to the standard of the breed in character, conformation, 
	health and working ability. that is what breeding is all about.


	whether you are looking for a well bred, quality rottweiler for show, work, sport, service, 
	protection or a well bred, quality family companion, we can help select a rottweiler that will 
	be right for you. 


	we have been raising, training, showing and trialing rottweilers since 1983.



tracking


obedience


dog sport


companion

 
















 
 


  
email: dreibergen rottweilers | phone: 360.687.2645 |

copyright dreibergen rottweilers 2014




