





home page | planes of fame air museum






















































✕
        


aboutfounderpresidenthistory & missionnewscontact usmuseum photographersvisitbuy admission ticketschino, ca locationsanta maria future expansionwarbird ridesmuseum mapsguided toursschool field tripsgift shoponline gift shopaircraft flight schedulekorean war memorialget involvedmembershipdonatevolunteerdonate your artifactsdonate to restore our douglas a-26donate to the santa maria expansioncollectionflying & static aircraftrestoration projectsmilitary vehicles475th fighter groupeducationa center for learningaviation discovery centerresearch librarymodel roomaircraft/facility rentalevent venue rentalphoto & film workbook heritage flightbook aircraft for air showsmilitary vehicles rentalgiving backthe achievement in aviation awardkilroy coffee klatched maloney scholarship fundstudent art contestspeaker's bureauticket donationseventsevents calendarevents at a glance 2025events videos



             
        






aboutfounderpresidenthistory & missionnewscontact usmuseum photographersvisitbuy admission ticketschino, ca locationsanta maria future expansionwarbird ridesmuseum mapsguided toursschool field tripsgift shoponline gift shopaircraft flight schedulekorean war memorialget involvedmembershipdonatevolunteerdonate your artifactsdonate to restore our douglas a-26donate to the santa maria expansioncollectionflying & static aircraftrestoration projectsmilitary vehicles475th fighter groupeducationa center for learningaviation discovery centerresearch librarymodel roomaircraft/facility rentalevent venue rentalphoto & film workbook heritage flightbook aircraft for air showsmilitary vehicles rentalgiving backthe achievement in aviation awardkilroy coffee klatched maloney scholarship fundstudent art contestspeaker's bureauticket donationseventsevents calendarevents at a glance 2025events videos





















search














become a member




donate




online store






aboutfounderpresidenthistory & missionnewscontact usmuseum photographersvisitbuy admission ticketschino, ca locationsanta maria future expansionwarbird ridesmuseum mapsguided toursschool field tripsgift shoponline gift shopaircraft flight schedulekorean war memorialget involvedmembershipdonatevolunteerdonate your artifactsdonate to restore our douglas a-26donate to the santa maria expansioncollectionflying & static aircraftrestoration projectsmilitary vehicles475th fighter groupeducationa center for learningaviation discovery centerresearch librarymodel roomaircraft/facility rentalevent venue rentalphoto & film workbook heritage flightbook aircraft for air showsmilitary vehicles rentalgiving backthe achievement in aviation awardkilroy coffee klatched maloney scholarship fundstudent art contestspeaker's bureauticket donationseventsevents calendarevents at a glance 2025events videos



















search















become a member




donate




online store





 




































  chino, ca location
visit our chino, ca location. hours: wed-sun 10am-4pm closed mon & tues directions | buy tickets
learn more ›
 
  santa maria, ca location
opening by 2025.

  events
visit us during one of our events and get the full experience seeing these amazing aircraft flying!
learn more ›
  collection
we host a huge variety of (flying) aircraft, check which ones are on display, flying or undergoing restoration.
learn more ›
  facility rentals
hosting your wedding/event at our venue or booking aircraft for your airshow, we can offer you endless possibilities!
learn more ›

 

buy museum admission tickets   

 

 


 

our planes fly

every day at planes of fame air museum, you can experience history - both the reliving of it and the making of it. when one of our planes flies, for most it is a rare and wonderful thing to witness. planes of fame air museum has maintained a fleet of flyable historic aircraft for over 60 years! the museum has operated these types of aircraft longer than the army air corps or air force did. planes of fame air museum truly is where aviation history lives.
you too can experience history through planes of fame air museum. maybe you live too far to visit, but we hope this website gives you a taste of what we try to do here every day. and maybe someday, you will hear the roar, look up in the sky and see one of our planes overhead!

donate



























                        “i would like to take this opportunity to commend all of you on the fine direction you are headed with the improvements to the planes of fame museum. the museum has been a valuable asset to the aviation community for many years and i believe the changes only increase the positive impact that will be made.”
                    
thomas w., riverside, ca




















                        “your planes of fame airshow 2013 was amazing! so many spectacularly restored warbirds. it's not an airshow, but history in flight!”
                    
joe u., sun valley, ca




















                        “i loved it (airshow 2009). you're more than a museum. to see them in the air, hear them...well, i'm preaching to the choir. you're never going to see that many warbirds in the air for the length of time you guys do. i came from the bay area and it's worth it. keep up the great work!”
                    
william b., email




















                        “many thanks for arranging a tour for lf, the 95-year old former flying tiger. it was a huge experience for him... his entire family and i am extremely grateful. you made an old fighter pilot very happy!”
                    
chuck l., medina, washington




















                        “i am writing regarding the p-51a... (serial #). she was sitting on jacks at cal aero tech when i attended a/c maintenance training there in june of 1951. i often felt sadness for that aircraft, as i was sure it was destined for the bone yard. you cannot imagine the thrill it gave me to run across your museum and see her so beautiful and know she was safe. it made me misty-eyed. i honor you for maintaining a beautiful legacy.”
                    
james h., clarkson, wa





                    write your own review







upcoming events

 1mar

hangar talk - featuring the flying demo of th mikoyan-gurevich mig-15bis

hangar talk and flying demo of the mikoyan-gurevich mig-15bis -
						learn more »





sign up to stay in touch




				stay up-to-date with upcoming events, museum happenings, and new additions to our collection.
			
enter first nameenter last nameenter email addressenter correct email address


online gift shop


   buy admission tickets 
















14998 cal aero drive chino, ca 91710-9085


909-597-3722


open: wed-sun 10am-4pm 
closed: mon, tue
                






    visit

buy admission ticketschino, ca locationsanta maria future expansionwarbird ridesmuseum mapsguided toursschool field tripsgift shoponline gift shopaircraft flight schedulekorean war memorial



    get involved

membershipdonatevolunteerdonate your artifactsdonate to restore our douglas a-26donate to the santa maria expansion


 


become a member


 

 


donate


 

 


contact us


 

 


online store


 


                connect & follow
            












    © 2025 planes of fame air museum - all right reserved | 
    terms of use | 
    privacy policy



