




universal co-masonry | freemasonry for men and women






















































































explore masonry 



declaration of principles
grand constitution
character of a mason
masonic landmarks
why become a mason?
government of the craft
grand commanders
degrees of freemasonry
co-masonic ritual
symbols of freemasonry
the ancient mysteries
masonic membership
accession process
f.a.q. 




mission 



our mission and vision
esoteric freemasonry
restoration of masonry
women in freemasonry
alchemy and freemasonry
theosophy and freemasonry
egyptian freemasonry
philosophy and freemasonry
science and freemasonry
masonic philosophical society
masonic publishing company
the masonic college
masonic institute of fine arts




education 



masonic seminar
famous freemasons
history of freemasonry
stories of freemasonry
publication library
art and photo galleries
recommended reading
encyclopedia masonica
lodge of research
masonic articles
masonic quotes
masonic videos
masonic music
podcasts




resources 



donations & bequests
blog
upcoming events
lodge portal
purchase regalia
social media
diversity, address, name policy








english
español
français
português
chinese
العربية
српски
svenska




membership
membership































freemasonry for men and women

21st century masonry with traditional values




                            composed of both men and women freemasons, fraternally united without distinction of race, religion, or creed,
                            universal co-masonry has established a strong ethical framework based on ceremony and discipline that produces 
                            profound impacts in its members spiritually, mentally, and physically; all for the betterment of the human race. 
                            members of universal co-masonry belong to an active spiritual hierarchy that works to the glory of god and
                            the perfecting of humanity.












women in freemasonry








declaration of principles








masonic membership








library and publications








masonic videos








masonic & esoteric art











what is co-masonry?



	    with the knowledge that masonry provides the best means for the perfecting of humanity, the order
	    aspires to attain its ideals by creating an international organization that extends brotherly love, relief,
	    and truth to all its members. universal co-masonry has established a masonic government that ensures the
	    maximum liberty compatible with a voluntarily accepted discipline and organized upon the precepts of the
	    ancient mystery schools, the scottish rite, and the english rite.

	    the order seeks above all to realize on earth the highest degree of moral, intellectual, and spiritual
	    development for all mankind; this being the prerequisite for all happiness that each individual can attain
	    in a fraternally-organized humanity. the order professes no dogma. instead, its purpose is to search for
	    truth. in lodges, discussions and debates on social, philosophical, or religious questions have no other
	    purpose than the intellectual enlightenment of its members, and thus enabling them to reach for a greater
	    understanding of themselves and humanity. this is accomplished all in the pursuit of fulfilling their
	    duties as freemasons.
read more











masonic education
learn about the western esoteric tradition 
                                        and freemasonry.

    are you interested in becoming a freemason, but need more information? 
    enroll in universal co-masonry's on-line masonic seminar series to learn more about
    freemasonry, its requirements, and the philosophical background necessary to
    interpret its symbols.   

    
 free enroll











can women become freemasons?



universal co-masonry, like all freemasonry, is descended from the mystery schools of ancient times. it is the preserver and practitioner of the
	    wisdom and teachings of those noble institutions. what sets it apart from its male-only counterpart is the deliberate and principled inclusion of
	    women in its great work. throughout history there have been many women freemasons, though for centuries they have been excused as cowans and intruders
	    who had to be bound by obligation in order to preserve masonic secrecy. co-masonry represents the first open, legal and deliberate effort to include women
	    on equal footing with men in the craft.
it is strongly believed by its members that universal co-masonry promotes the most honorable moral teachings and is the method by which humanity will be
	    reunited under the fatherhood of god. universal co-masonry believes that this already difficult task is made only more difficult by the exclusion of
	    half of the human race. this opinion has been strongly held since the beginning of universal co-masonry. the first grand commander of the order,
	    louis goaziou 33o, was adamant that women had just as much a right to the wisdom and teachings of freemasonry as any man, "masonry teaches the
	    principles of the highest morality. it teaches good citizenship. it searches after truth and more light. is there any good reason why women should be denied
	    the advantages to be derived from such teachings? is there anything in the wonderful symbolism of the working tools or in the ineffaceable lessons of
	    the sublime degree that would not be as beneficial to women as to men?"
universal co-masonry seeks to bring about the perfection of humanity and the glory of god. it is our firm belief that without women being admitted
	    to the ranks of freemasonry on equal terms with men this task is rendered impossible. humanity cannot become perfected if only half the species is allowed
	    to participate in its perfection. likewise, we cannot glorify god by dismissing half of his creation. it is only by uniting all of humanity under the banner of
	    truth, love and morality can we ever have the hope of achieving the lofty ideals we have set before us.  
read more












featured article
the masonic eye of awakening

        how can the eye of vision be awakened in the spiritual man?
 
    
 read article






upcoming events









central district convention
the central district will hold its annual convention in tulsa, oklahoma, on the 5th weekend of march. 

brothers wishing to attend should contact the district deputy. 

3/29 - central district grand lodge
3/30 - concord mark lodge










9th annual scottish rite workshop
the 9th annual spring workshop will be held at the grand temple in larkspur, co. brothers from the 4th to the 33rd degree are invited to attend.

4/24 - 14th degree
4/25 - 14th degree
4/26 - 18th degree
4/27 - 32nd degree










eastern district convention
in early june, the eastern district will hold its annual convention in whitestone, new york. 

brothers wishing to attend should contact the district deputy. 

6/7 - eastern district grand lodge
6/8 - signet mark lodge










masonic civil society institutions:







masonic philosophical society 
creating centers of philosophical discussion on religion, esotericism, and science without dogma or prejudice.






masonic publishing company 
providing high quality and invaluable writings that have influenced the minds of humanity throughout the ages.






masonic university of arts and science 
an institution designed for those that seek the synthesis of ancient wisdom and modern science.





masonic institute of fine arts 
an organization devoted to promoting the creative arts and the expression of beauty in society.












"truth is lived, not taught."
- brother herman hesse

























p.o. box 70
					 larkspur co 80118
					 united states
					 (303) 681-2028
				



declaration of principles 
universal constitution
character of a mason
why become a freemason
government of the craft
grand commanders
degrees of freemasonry
masonic articles
masonic videos
podcasts
how a lodge can join universal co-masonry




blog
frequently asked questions 
masonic education
masonic philosphical society
masonic publishing company
masonic college of art and science
masonic institute of fine arts
membership
terms & conditions
sitemap




languages
english
español
français
português
chinese
العربية
српски
svenska










subscribe to receive updates on new articles, videos, and podcasts















co-masonry, co-freemasonry, women's freemasonry, men and women, mixed masonry
				


copyright © 1975-2025 universal co-masonry, the american federation of human rights, inc. all rights reserved.

















chat with us,
powered by livechat




