







topless bathing suits for women by brigitewear









buy topless bathing suits by










       

buy sexy 
       
      topless swimsuits and topless swimwear 
      our topless bathing suits are designed for the mature woman who is neither afraid nor ashamed to show 
      her body, regardless of age or shape. brigitewear is proud to offer unique 
      topless swimsuits, available only at our factory direct online store.  all 
      made in the usa, these cutting edge products will set you apart from the 
      crowd.  see our new cheeky thong swimwear, g-string bikinis and one piece 
      topless swimsuits for women! 

exclusively
  










versailles 1 piece thong topless 
      bathing suit
sexy one piece topless swimsuit for women 
      with high front for midriff control and racer back $59.95
       









elegance 
      topless swimsuit one piece - available 
      in thong or rio bottom! this captivating suit adapts to mood and location.
      


      wear anywhere adding our vintage bandeau top. adorned with a 
      jeweled accent in front that shimmers in the sun, this suit will make you 
      shine! 


      tie sides for the perfect fit.  sizes small to 1x  from  $64.95
 









topless 
      tie back one piece - this 
      captivating mesh swimsuit by brigitewear adapts to whatever your mood is, 
      from  $59.95




topless 
      jewel one piece rio bottom, tummy flattening design $59.95
 




       








bri-g g-string bikini topless 
      swimsuit

g-string bikini swimsuits from brigitewear 
      available with or without tops from $26.95





       







topless thong bikini bottoms only

thong bikini bathing suits from brigitewear 
      with or without top from $26.95
 









st. lucia rio bottom one piece topless bathing suit

sultry rio bottom one piece topless swimsuit 
      with plunging front and back $59.95





       





california riviera topless 
      one piece swimsuit


sheer black lace front panel with crotch 
      lining leads up to a spectacular rhinestone connector strap between the 
      breasts. available with a thong or rio tie side bottom option. sold out




       



  




      sizzling crochet topless 
      women's swimsuit
minimal unlined rio bottom * high cut legs 
        * lined front crotch panel * sheer crochet style material
sizzling crochet  topless 
      swimsuit one piece by brigitewear - 
      for the confident, modern women.

available in sizes 2-20 from  
$59.95 




       

  
      


the brigite convertible thong or rio bottom one 
      piece topless swimsuit
with 2 top bottom options and 5 top 
      options, this topless swim suit is exciting and versatile $67.90



 











crochet topless thong 
one piece women's bathing suit. 
extremely flattering suit, the see through high panel, thong swimsuit bottom  
sold out






monte carlo 
      one piece thong topless bathing 
      suits
plunging front and back on this topless 
      thong swimwear leaves little to the imagination $59.95 



keep checking
      shop-brigite.com for new product release dates 
      or sign up for our monthly 
      newsletter

sampling of thong bikinis, 
      thong one piece and topless swimsuits for sale online





buy sexy designer topless thong swimwear, 
      thong topless bathing suits and sheer swim wear from our online catalog.  
      add a sensual element to your wardrobe with high fashion men's and women's 
      thong bikini swimwear or one piece thong swimsuits, g-string bikinis and 
      topless bathing suits as well as sexy cover-ups and sheer t shirts, designed 
      and modeled by brigite for brigitewear. fine, high quality, made in the 
      usa designer men's and women's thong swimwear, thong topless bathing suits 
      and gstring bikinis for the mature, confident woman and man.

 


 
sexy 
      swimwear catalog



customer photos




one piece thong 
      swimwear  
      

cheeky thong bikini swimwear  
      

thong topless bathing suits 


       sheer one piece swimsuits 



       g-string bikini 
      swimsuits  
sheer t shirts 
      
men's thong swimwear  
      
sexy sheer bathing suits  
      



versailles 1 piece thong topless 
      bathing suit


monte carlo topless thong one piece


topless swimsuit customer reviews



topless 
swimsuits in the news


 world's 
top ten topless swimsuit beaches








made in california

       

palm desert,  ca  usa  92211


(800) 757-2550



scan with your smartphone



