






roulette system reviews – credible reviews of roulette strategies




























roulette system reviews
credible reviews of roulette strategies
 

menu
skip to content
home
roulette tips
free systems
cheat roulette
online roulette
roulette system secrets
best system
roulette tips & articles
contact
 






roulette system reviews


which systems work and fail?
all roulette system reviews are from first-hand experience both from myself and others from the largest and most credible roulette forums (vlsroulette.com, rouletteforum.cc and rouletteforum.net). also see the best ad-free gambling forum here. while it may be disappointing to see almost all systems are completely ineffective, it is in fact the truth. this site also provides you with free roulette tips, information regarding how to win at roulette, free roulette systems & strategies, and various free downloads and resources like online roulette casino bonuses for new accounts. you can also add roulette strategy reviews at www.roulettestrategyreviews.com or you can add one here by contacting me.
to download a free roulette system that actually works, see roulettephysics.com
to add a review, contact me via the roulette forum. your help to build the largest database of credible reviews is appreciated.
to sellers who disagree with reviews: this website exists to protect people from scams, not to harm you or anyone. if you receive an unfair review, contact me with details and i’ll gladly publicly apologize and amend material if mistakes have been made. don’t just publish nonsense to attack me. really i’m an honest person and want truth to be told. unfortunately attacking me is the typical response, because scammers know they can’t substantiate claims and just want “revenge”. my systems are legitimate “advantage play” even acknowledged by casinos as effective. if you just prefer to attack me anyway, at least try to present honest information. and if you ever need proof my systems are as i claim, contact me and i’ll gladly provide clear proof (including government lab test results, other lab test results, tv documentaries, news articles, scientific journals and more).
star rating guide:
completely ineffective or blatant fraud
very little merit. waste of time.
usable only in very rare conditions, but unrealistic in today’s casinos.
effective in a reasonable amount of circumstances.
effective in common conditions
effective in all circumstances (the holy grail)
reviewed systems:


 andruchi roulette strategy | andruchi.com
articles about winning roulette
 bannedroulettesystem.com
 biggest roulette system | biggestroulettesystem.com
 brawn roulette systems | brawnroulette.com
 don young infallible roulette system | roulettewinner.com
 dr neubauer casino buster | winning-at-roulette.com
 forester's (miro zirdum) iqe6 ffa unlimited roulette computer
 forester's iqe6 ffz roulette computer
 genuine winner roulette system | genuinewinner.com
 gw roulette computer | roulettecomputers.com
 izak mataya systems | letstalkwinning.com
 jafco vb and pred7 roulette computer | rouletteprediction.com
 jerry adams paragon roulette | paragonroulette.com
 john ager gambling systems | jagergamblingsystems.co.uk
 laurence scott visual ballistics | advantageplayer.com
 mark howe predictroulette.com (further information)
 mark howe roulette computer
 michael barnett survtech roulette computer | survtech.com.au
 michael davis system | worldbestroulettesystem.com
 pierre basieux visual ballistics
posts
 professional roulette system | professionalroulettesystem.com
 professor r johansen roulette computers
 richard grace barbi | roulettesystems.com
 richard graham goldmine roulette | gambling-systems.com
 ron parsons cbi casino busters international | casinobusters.com
 roulette guy secret | rouletteguysecret.com
 roulette killer | roulettekiller.com
 roulette sniper | roulettesniper.com
 roulette solution | roulettesolution.com
roulette syetem secrets
 roulettesystems.co
 silverthorn target roulette | targetroulette.com
 suzanne's power roulette | powerroulette.com


free roulette simulator
www.roulettephysics.com/free-roulette-simulator/
best roulette tips
see professional tips for online and real casino roulette here.
roulette systems that really win
very few systems actually beat roulette in the long term. see the list of top roulette strategies that work and why.
best gambling forum
see the recommended friendly & productive gambling forum (gamblersforum.com)


to get the best free roulette systems that really work, see the top 5 proven roulette systems and the video series below.  it's the best 100% free information for winning roulette you'll find. it's written by professionals who are really earning a living from roulette.


 




15 comments





 scott 


					march 21, 2013 at 3:39 am					


fantastic site, saved me from being scammed. i would love to contribute some reviews to keep it going. i have been scammed so many times.









 steve 


					march 24, 2013 at 11:38 pm					


thanks. it has upset a lot of scammers who have gone to great lengths to discredit me and the reviews. as perhaps i should have expected it. there are many rubbish reviews about me that are made from competitors, so perhaps its not wise to listen to competitors about each other. so everyone can decide for themselves what they believe. anyone can just buy a system in question and find out for themselves. you cant really rely on independently reviews alone as it is extremely common that competitors attack each other, usually using fake names on various sites.
think for yourself and you’ll find the truth about anything. believe the first thing you read, then you will be misled for sure.









 cliff 


					july 28, 2013 at 1:46 am					


very interesting, and i look forward to studying your theories.  out of curiousity, is there any system for online roulette?











 abs 


					march 25, 2013 at 11:35 am					


i think some of these scams have moved on because some just seem to promote online casinos now.









 admin 


					july 31, 2013 at 5:04 am					


yes a lot of them do that.











 dr888 


					march 26, 2013 at 10:20 am					


how can i know that you are giving honest reviews? you have reviewed your competitors right?









 admin 


					july 31, 2013 at 5:04 am					


buy any one of the systems and find out for yourself. that’s the only way you’ll know for sure if the reviews are accurate.











 admin 


					july 31, 2013 at 5:03 am					


i run the forums vlsroulette.com and rouletteforum.cc









 ivan 


					september 22, 2013 at 1:57 pm					


hi,
how about mike caro’s roulette system? is it a scam? i think its pretty good.. tell me what you think?
thanks.









 russell 


					october 4, 2013 at 7:55 pm					


first  of all i would like to thank you for your web site. you save me money on the roulette guy secret scam.  next i would like to know if you know anything about the system called the holy grail. i see that alout on the internet. i like to know what you think of it. hope to here from you soon.thank you russell









 manny 


					october 28, 2013 at 1:42 am					


ivan, mike caro doesn’t know what he’s talking about. his roulette system is a load of rubbish i’m sorry to tell you.









 nathanael 


					november 5, 2013 at 2:33 am					


dear readers,  i have spent many years studying roulette and have tested all the systems covered on this site except the biased wheel systems and the computers.  none of the systems i have tested will win long term when played mechanically.  having said that, i do think it is better to use a system rather than just throwing chips on the table.  although, mathematically it probably doesn’t make that much difference.  i feel better about my chances when i have a system that i’ve tested and i know what to expect.  and that always includes the reality that i will lose on some of my trips.  try to limit your losses and capitalize on your wins.  easier said than done, i know.  maybe even impossible.  never bet more than you can afford to lose and have fun.
if you can find a biased wheel it can obviously be exploited with enough time and effort.
visual ballistics seems beyond most people’s physical abilities.  a computer may be able to capitalize on this if anything can.  i don’t gamble enough to justify the expense of mechanical devices so  i can’t affirm their effectiveness nor can i speak against them either.
i feel that admin is an honorable person with as much knowledge about roulette as anyone on the planet.  if you dismiss his critiques of these systems, it may prove to be an expensive lesson.
nathanael









 admin 


					november 7, 2013 at 5:48 am					


visual ballistics is actually quite easy. you’d think it would be difficult, but really its not. see http://www.genuinewinner.com/free-trial/ which has free tutorial videos for visual ballistics.











 alan 


					may 13, 2014 at 9:43 pm					


hi, how about silverthorne publication, they seem to have different name system of games a few month  all the time.  for example, they come out with a system called checkmate roullett, iron roulette,  attack baccarat, power baccarat, etc. i am on their email list and i got this all the time but i don’t know if they are just selling the system or is their system really work?
i end out purachaed their baccarat system and lose money so quick, but on their testimoie page, people seem to make easy money so fast and easy.   
thank you, 
alan









 pete 


					february 4, 2015 at 8:24 pm					


hi,
i’ll completely understand if you choose to ignore this, but then again, what have i got to loose.
there are plenty of other directions i can and probably will write to, but i thought i’d start with you.
in a nutshell.
i have a roulette system, and can prove it.
in 3 ways.
by email.
via skype
by phone.
using any of the above options someone can let me have roulette spins, [real casino spins ] one by one, and after receiving each one i’ll state where and how much i’m betting.
and we can play for as long as the other party wishes.
it’ll take about 35 spins to start looking convincing, and about 150 spins for the other person to start sweating in disbelief.
that’s basically it.
why am i doing this ?
before i take it further, i thought the best way to start must be there where everyone knows that a real, 100% winning system does not exist … as you are convinced that it doesn’t.
by 100% i mean that after 5 or 50 spins you can always leave the table a winner. every time.
thanking you in advance,
pete






comments are closed.






search systems 
search



genuine winner
gw roulette computer
andruchi
banned system
biggest roulette
brawn roulette
don young
neubauer casino buster
ffa roulette computer
ffz roulette computer
izak mataya
jafco vb and pred7
paragon roulette
john ager
laurence scott
predict roulette
predict roulette 2
michael barnett survtech
michael davis
pierre basieux
professional roulette
johansen computers
richard grace barbi
richard graham
casino busters international
roulette guy secret
roulette killer
roulette sniper
roulette solution
roulette systems.co
target roulette
power roulette
online roulette advice
which is the best roulette system?
how to cheat at roulette
free roulette systems
roulette syetem secrets
posts
articles about winning roulette


roulettephysics.com articles


your guide to choosing online casino free money offers


top 6 biggest casinos in the world


what does the future hold for roulette games?


how to avoid going on tilt when it comes to roulette


watch out for fake roulette systems


discovering the variants of online roulette


reinventing the roulette wheel: the case for online variants


the different kinds of roulette that you can play


expert roulette strategy revealed


3 most popular games at casinos


should you gamble at online cryptocurrency casinos?


safe ways to play roulette online


the best atlantic city roulette strategy – what works?


roulette strategy tips and tricks – winning secrets


the best roulette wheel strategy explained


the roulette odds explained in detail


the way to cheat at roulette


archives

october 2021
april 2020
january 2020
december 2019
august 2019
july 2019
june 2019
november 2018
october 2018
february 2018
november 2015
april 2014

 




© 2013 roulette system reviews 












