





charles county public library – engage, discover & learn













































 









 
 


skip to content






 









search for:search type:the catalogthe site

 my account
 accessibility tools
 









homeread, watch, listenreadsearch the catalogbeanstackccpl @ home bloghooplalibbylibrivoxmarinaoverdrivethe wall street journalthe washington postwatchsearch the catalogbookflixhooplakanopykanopy kidsthe shelfthe shelf kidslistensearch the catalogfreegalhooplalibbylibrivoxoverdrivedigital contentdigital contentlearn & explorechildren500 by 5ccpl story trailimagination librarysongs 4 totsstemstory time programsteensbeyond high schoolteen centralonline resourcescisco networking academydigitallearn.orghomework helplanguage learninglinkedin learningmarina (statewide catalog)maryland deaf culture digital librarypeterson’s test & career prepresearch & databasesmore to exploreanti-bullying resourcesbook matchccpl @ home blogccps cardsskillmillsouthern maryland equity in history coalitionstudent resourceseventsby agesbabies & pre-kchildren & tweensteensadultsall agesfeatured programs & seriesbehind the story: virtual author speaker seriesenglish conversation clubhow 2 programsthink like a lawyerevent calendarfull calendar of eventsmobile libraryconnectcontact ccplccpl outreachcontact usprogram surveysuggest a purchasesupporting ccpllearn how to support ccpldonatetell us why you donatedsupporterscitizens for the charles county public library, inc.stay connectedccpl appsign up for our newsletterfacebookx (formerly twitter)instagramyoutubeabout ccpllibrary info2024-2029 strategic planannual reportsboard of trusteescareers @ ccplccpl updatesholidays & closureslibrary administrationlocations & hoursmission & visionour historynews & press releasesplans & statisticslibrary policiesaccessibility & diversity statementsccpl stands against racismcollection development policycustomer code of conductlibrary program policyprivacy policypublic computer/internet policyreconsideration of library materials policysocial media policywe are fine free!library servicesthe 24-hour library kioskccpl outreachcharles county detention center librarychromebookscomputers, wifi, printing, faxcurbside pickupdrop the mic studio @ pd brownemployment resource centermeeting room reservationsmobile hotspotslibrary servicesmobile printingnotary servicesone-on-one library assistancepassport servicesrecpassremote printingsign up for a library cardsmall business centersoar innovation space @ waldorf westwowbraryfacebookx (formerly twitter)instagramyoutube



 









homedcwd2025-02-06t14:46:05-05:00 
remote printing
search the catalog
ccpl updates
ccpl @ home blog
library card sign-up
meeting rooms
the imagination library of charles county provides free books every month to children under five living in the county. each month, carefully selected, age appropriate books are mailed directly to the child’s home. there is no cost or obligation to the participating families. find out if your child is eligible by clicking “learn more” for full program details.
learn more
calendar & events
upcoming events
view all eventsmake sure you are the first to know about all the awesome events happening at ccpl by signing up for our enewsletter!
newslettervisit the mobile library
request the mobile librarythe mobile library has a full schedule of stops each month. to find out when we’ll be in your neighborhood, click on “find a mobile library stop” to search our schedule.
want to request the mobile library? fill out the form by clicking “request the mobile library.”
find a mobile library stop near youccpl outreach
the charles county public library doesn’t only provide services and resources inside of our branch locations, we are also actively involved in our community too! the library regularly visits county schools, community centers, local events and more. would you like to have the library participate in your community event or visit your school? click the button below to learn more.
request the library for your outreach eventwe want to hear from you!
tell us about the programs you’ve participated in by taking our program survey, or propose your own ideas in our proposal form. your feedback is important to us.
ccpl presenter proposal ccpl program survey support charles county public library
your support makes a difference!

please consider making a gift to the charles county public library. your support to the library helps to ensure that the community continues to benefit from ongoing and special projects, including summer and winter reading challenges, free tax preparation, nonprofit and small business programming, special events, and more! support from our community also helps us grow the library’s collections, both digitally and in print, that enables us to continue to be a reliable and trustworthy source of information for charles county.


tax-deductible gifts and contributions of any size are deeply appreciated and help the library fulfill its mission of creating opportunities for the community to engage, discover and learn by providing free and equal access to information and technology and delivering programs that connect everyone to endless possibilities.

thank you for supporting ccpl!
donate now!



 
 





library hours monday – thursday: 9 a.m. – 8 p.m.
friday: 1 p.m. – 5 p.m.
saturday: 9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
sunday: closed
holidays and closings



 

locations la plata branch
2 garrett avenue
la plata, md 20646
301/934-9001
p.d. brown memorial branch
50 village street
waldorf, md 20602
301/645-2864
potomac branch
3225 ruth b. swann drive
indian head, md 20640
301/375-7375

 

 waldorf west branch
10405 o’donnell place
waldorf, md 20603
301/645-1395
mobile library branch
2 garrett avenue
la plata, md 20646
301/456-4333

 

contact us


have a question regarding your library account or do you just want to offer a suggestion -- e-mail us!
e-mail us

sign up for our newsletter!
newsletter 

 
 
 





		©2024 charles county public library. all rights reserved.	


facebooktwitterinstagramyoutube
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link

















































































go to top



