














	kelly hawkins physical therapy | physical therapy in nevada




















































unlock your potential: explore our fulfilling roles in physical therapy!


skip to main content

physical rehabilitation network

















careers
our culture
professional growth
residency & fellowship
clinical pathways
student experiences


job openings


partnerships
hospital joint ventures
msa solutions
senior living care
worksite health
aco solutions
workers' comp
private practice
urgent care


brands
locations
about
who we are
leadership
diversity
news & updates
blog


contact









search

search site







kelly hawkins physical therapy


browse our care solutions



                                      overview
                                  



                                      schedule an appointment
                                  



                                      locations
                                  



                                      services
                                  



                                      careers
                                  








    kelly hawkins physical therapy - nevada's pt experts
proudly serving the henderson, las vegas community

    our skilled physical therapists at kelly hawkins physical therapy use advanced treatment techniques to help you get back to your life as quickly as possible. everything we do is carefully designed to help you feel great again.

call us at (725) 210-6880 to schedule an appointment at one of our convenient locations










                    how can we help?
                        
physical therapy can help treat a variety of individual needs from injury recovery, to increasing mobility, functionality and more. 

learn the benefits











                    what to expect
                        
our goal is to make sure patients know what to expect at their first evaluation and/or physical therapy appointment? 

find out more








     





                schedule an appointment
            our clinics are open and treating both new and existing patients in a social distancing-friendly environment.  

get started!


















                find a location
            

we invite you to visit one of our convenient clinic locations for an appointment or evaluation by one of our expert physical therapists. they will help develop a treatment program specific to your needs so you can begin achieving your optimal health, wellness and recovery goals. we look forward to working with you!

view locations












                    accepted insurance
                
we proudly accept health plans from most insurance carriers. prior to your first visit, our coverage verification process will ensure everything is taken care of for you. 

                     
                






                    billing
                

we’re committed to ensuring the billing process is as pain-free as possible. our team will work with you to ensure your care is affordable so you can return to doing the things you love.
                

                     
                






        "if you don't like or have reservations about physical therapy, this is where you need to go. from the moment you walk in, there isn't a single person who isn't committed to your wellness or maintenance... they work to bring out the best in you, but never push you beyond your limits. therapy is tough by nature, but if you're going to do it, do it well and do it right. go to kelly hawkins"

p.



blog










the importance of geriatric physical therapy


                  geriatric physical therapy is meant to cover aging. it’s specifically targeted to assist with mobility restoration, increased fitness and exercise levels, pain reduction, and other additional benefits in the elderly and aging. 
                

read more about the importance of geriatric physical therapy











view all posts





kelly hawkins physical therapy social feed
 










copyright © 2025, prn. all rights reserved
privacy policy / terms of use / media inquiries / cigna mrf / do not sell my personal info




















































































schedule


find a location


8009294776




















