








home - the overbrook foundation































    skip to content



 













75 years of advancing human rights and conserving the natural environment



learn more


























about us
the overbrook foundation partners with innovative and impactful organizations to address some of the world’s most pressing challenges in the areas of the environment and human rights. from playing a pivotal role in securing marriage equality in the united states to helping organize the first people's climate march, the foundation has pursued its mission with a blend of passion, pragmatism, humility, and hope since our founding in 1948.



learn about our mission













grantee voices
asociación de comunidades forestales de petén (acofop) employs a community forestry model to manage more than 500,000 hectares of forest in the largest protected natural area in guatemala and the largest forest reserve in mesoamerica.




meet our grantees






why is acofop so successful in engaging local communities to help manage tropical forests and fight deforestation?

acofop’s success lies in empowering local communities and supporting them to generate resources to manage forests in a sustainable way. community-managed forests have proven to be the best way to avoid deforestation and be a natural solution to climate change.








                  sergion guzman 
                

project manager, acofop










programs
through our environment and human rights programs, the foundation provides funding, coordination, and other support to leaders at the forefront of addressing the climate crisis, conserving our coastal areas and forests, protecting democracy, advancing reproductive health, rights, and justice, and promoting human rights in latin america.









                  environment
                




















                  human rights
                
























a leader in family philanthropy since 1948
the foundation's grant-making has spanned across education, the arts, media, health care, jewish causes, human rights, the environment, and other areas of focus since its inception.




2,000+
individual non-profit organizations funded



$240 million+
total grants made to support the environment, human rights, and other issues



75 years
of grant-making, advocacy, and other support to address some of the world’s greatest challenges






















                        news
                      

                        why trust-based philanthropy still needs metrics
                      

learn more


















                        grantee story
                      

                        perpetual use: replacing everyday disposable foodware once and for all
                      

learn more


















                        news
                      

                        dobbs v. jackson women's health organization: reckoning with its impact & charting a path forward
                      

learn more


















                        grantee story
                      

                        amazon conservation: peru, colombia, and a technology-meets-policy approach to deforestation
                      

learn more



































 






          want to stay informed? 
        

          join our mailing list
        







  your email address  sign up 

























the overbrook foundation
one grand central place60 east 42nd st., suite 565new york, ny 10165
(212) 603-9996





about us




programs




grantee partners




news & insights






© 2025 the overbrook foundation


terms & conditions
privacy policy

                                                                                                created by 
                                                                                                                                constructive






 



























