     chevrolet dealership in rochester ny | serving rochester and fairport | bob johnson chevrolet rochester                                                                      bob johnson chevrolet rochester             sales 866-915-9664    service 866-475-7209         1271 w rdige rdrochester, ny 14615                                     service        map        contact                         bob johnson chevrolet rochester                  call 866-915-9664   directions                      test drive chevy ev   search vehicles   buy online   new vehicles   pre-owned vehicles   value your trade   quick quote   model research   chevy accessibility   chevrolet special offers     same day oil change   service   schedule service   certified service   order parts & accessories   tire finder   order parts online   chevrolet accessories     specials   new specials   request financing   weekly ad   lease return info   my chevrolet rewards     about   welcome   contact us   hours & directions   meet our staff     apply for financing   careers   careers   career technicians                      home   test drive chevy ev   search vehicles   buy online   new vehicles   pre-owned vehicles   value your trade   quick quote   model research   chevy accessibility   chevrolet special offers     same day oil change   service   schedule service   certified service   order parts & accessories   tire finder   order parts online   chevrolet accessories     specials   new specials   request financing   weekly ad   lease return info   my chevrolet rewards     about   welcome   contact us   hours & directions   meet our staff     apply for financing   careers   careers   career technicians               


                                                                                                                           important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                          





   inventory search  vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock       any year  any make  any model  any trim new used certified   search       new usedcertified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search       new used      search       





      search new inventory     search used inventory        

your fairport, penfield, and pittsford gm vehicle source
bob johnson chevrolet in rochester
for years, bob johnson chevrolet rochester has been a great choice for rochester drivers. whether you are looking to purchase a new or used car, or just maintenance, our dealership will fulfil all your automotive needs. we are proud to offer an extensive selection of new and used vehicles for penfield chevrolet customers. drop by our showroom today! we also serve pittsford, fairport, and penfield, which is a great dealer alternative for the nearby chevrolet shoppers in rochester, ny. you can schedule an appointment with our staff by calling us at (585) 663-4040. fairport and other drivers make the move to our store to make the most of the incredible financing options that we are offering for chevrolet vehicle buyers in rochester near penfield! 
more about us










get
financing









schedule
service









special
offers






         explore the chevrolet lineup  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      malibu      camaro      corvette      trax      equinox      trailblazer      blazer      traverse      tahoe      suburban      colorado      silverado 1500      silverado 2500hd      silverado 3500hd      express     explore all new inventory   
     

find your chevrolet in rochester, ny
located in rochester, ny, bob johnson chevrolet rochester also serves the fairport and penfield areas of ny with a stress-free sales experience and a finance department that can find financial solutions to save you money and fit within any budget or credit situation.





get behind the wheel
the bob johnson chevrolet rochester sales team is focused on ensuring your experience with our dealership exceeds your highest expectations, and that you find the right car to suit your lifestyle.
schedule test drive





get the best appraisal
receive the best value for your trade-in vehicle with bob johnson chevrolet rochester. then find the latest new car, truck, suv, rebates, and special offers available only at bob johnson chevrolet rochester.
value my trade



      






chevy trucks
featuring high-strength steel, fully boxed frames and innovative cargo beds, they're the family of the most-dependable, longest-lasting full-size pickups on the road. choose the truck that best meets your needs.


new trucks


used trucks




       


sales hours     monday 9:00am - 7:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 7:00pm     wednesday 9:00am - 7:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 7:00pm    friday 9:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed    

               


serving fairport and pittsford buyers

our friendly staff is waiting to serve you. use our hours and directions to visit our rochester store! our dealership has everything that you are looking for. stop by today at bob johnson chevrolet rochester in rochester to explore an amazing selection of cars, trucks, and suvs. we have a well-equipped showroom and experienced staff. give us a try! penfield and fairport chevrolet shoppers can contact us for more details.





new and used chevrolet vehicle inventory in rochester near penfield

if you are looking for chevrolet vehicles at a reasonable price, customers from irondequoit, fairport, pittsford, greece, ny and penfield can feel free to stop by dealership also serving the surrounding area drivers. we have a large selection of new and used vehicles. they undergo many point checks before going on sale. plus, our used vehicles come with a warranty and an auto-check certified history. if the chevrolet dealerships in your neighborhood do not have the model you are looking for, head to our auto service and repair center in rochester near pittsford, greece, ny and irondequoit now!

$15k or less
$15k - $25k
$25k and over


chevy trucks and suvs in rochester

if you're looking for the best selection of new chevy trucks in rochester, fairport, penfield, or pittsford, stop by bob johnson chevrolet. we have hundreds for you to choose from, including compact colorado. looking for a work-ready truck? check out our selection of silverado models. no matter the need, we have a truck to fill it. come by today and take a test drive. fairport chevrolet drivers can find a wide selection of vehicles to choose from. at our dealership we have an incredible selection of new cars, trucks and suvs at our stores with great deals happening every day. there are a lot of chevrolet car dealerships in rochester, but no one can match up to our customer service. be sure to search our selection of new vehicles to explore the best chevrolet cars, trucks or suvs around. looking for something pre-owned? we also have a great inventory of certified used cars in rochester for you to choose from. we will go that extra mile to make sure that they leave satisfied. fairport and other customers visit our new and used chevrolet car and truck dealership in rochester, ny or call us to schedule a test drive now!





financing options at our rochester chevrolet dealership near fairport, penfield, and pittsford

looking for clear explanations when choosing a financing or leasing option through the dealer? bob johnson chevrolet near pittsford is the place for you. we have well-versed auto service and repair experts to give you some of the best financing and leasing rates on your purchase. we offer a competitive program to help you get the car you love. please fill out the online application form and get started.

get pre-qualified in seconds


auto service and repair and parts department for rochester, brighton & pittsford chevrolet drivers

we offer a part, auto service, and repair department at bob johnson chevrolet near brighton for your convenience. our gm-certified technicians provide superior facilities for your vehicles and stand by their work. keeping your vehicle running well shouldn't be complicated. therefore, our auto service and repair store in rochester is a perfect option for those looking for the best in vehicle maintenance. we are glad to serve you. to learn more, visit our rochester chevrolet store today. our staff is more than happy to help you. penfield and rochester chevrolet customers can schedule an appointment today.

schedule service



                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | bob johnson chevrolet rochester | 1271 w rdige rd, rochester, ny 14615 | sales: 866-915-9664              















         
        