





intellectual property owners association


















































 














facebooklinkedinx 




















joinlog in 










  


search for:








about ipoabout ipoimpact reportmember organizationsipo in the mediaboard of directorsfoundationstaffmemberswhy joinjoin ipomember directoryipo connect profilemy accountrecruiting challengecommitteescommittee resourcesfind a committeejoin a committeeresource groupseventscalendarsubmit an eventspring summitwebinarspast meetingssubmit a speakerresourcesbrowse resourcesboard resolutionsd&i advocacyip service provider directoryipo daily news™ipo federal circuit summaries™ipowners quarterly™international advocacylaw journaltestimony and commentsthe ip language curmudgeon archivesipo connectmy profilemember directoryopen forummy communitiesmy email settings 













home


home 








homeipoadmin2025-02-06t15:48:47-05:00









a trade association
serving the ip communitywhy join ?enterserving the global intellectual property community


ipo is the voice of ip owners.  as the premier association for ip professionals, ipo advocates on behalf of its members for effective and affordable ip rights. members also receive networking, professional, and business development opportunities along with continuing legal education and other educational resources.










learn more about joining ipo!


trending resources





ipo daily news™


join an ipo standing committee today ipo has 31 active […]
learn more








webinars


february 27 – grit and business development in ip law
march 13 – allyship, mentorship, & sponsorship practical guide – part 1 of 2 – demystifying the three key professional relationships
learn more








read the 2024 ipo impact report


click to read the accomplishments of ipo over the past year!
learn more!


additional resourcesevents











your voice matters—join today!


as a worldwide trade association, ipo’s members include intellectual property owners in all industries and all fields of technology. our goal is to serve the needs of corporate ip departments. where else can you share ideas and best practices year-round with corporate in-house counsel on the most important issues in ip law and practice? plus, ipo advocates for reforms that provide cost-effective and reliable ip protection.

hundreds of corporations and law firms are members of ipo
our network is ten thousand people strong
membership applies to all employees worldwide

already a member? click here to get involved today!


apply today
 


 
 






		intellectual property owners association 1501 m st. n.w. · suite 1150 · washington, d.c. 20005
tel:  (202) 507-4500 · fax: (202) 507-4501 · email: info@ipo.org · terms of use| privacy policy 


facebooklinkedinx
 
 
 
 
 

 





we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.


accept

 






















































































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save settings

 










 

