






mighty mite portable sawmills






mighty mite industries, inc.









mighty mite - the choice ofprofessionals since 1966!


      telephone 503 266 3387
      email: 
				mytmite@pacifier.com






bandsaws




contact us

order genuine mighty mite parts


circular mills







thank you for your interest in our products. mighty mite is the world's foremost manufacturer of portable sawmilling equipment. for over half a century, mighty mite sawmills have been reliably producing lumber throughout the united states and in over 70 countries around the world.
mighty mite sawmills have earned a worldwide reputation for quality, performance and value.
all mighty mite products are manufactured to the highest standards and utilize only the finest components. this along with uncompromising design excellence has earned mighty mite a worldwide reputation for quality, performance and value. all mighty mite sawmills are fully assembled and thoroughly tested prior to delivery.
mighty mite manufactures a full range of narrow-kerf bandsaw mills and high production, multi-bladed circular sawmills. this enables you, the customer, to choose the mighty mite sawmill which will provide the optimum results for your application. all mighty mite sawmills are built to the same high standards and designed to provide decades of reliable service, with minimum maintenance. mighty mite incorporates the latest technology to produce sawmills that are productive, reliable, and easy to operate and maintain.
the state governments of alaska, washington, oregon, california, nebraska, illinois, georgia, pennsylvania, west virginia, and north carolina have all chosen mighty mite for their sawmilling requirements. mighty mites are also in service with the united nations, numerous branches of the united states government including the national park service and the department of defense as well as various governments around the world.
mighty mite sawmills are producing lumber for small and large corporations in africa, south america, central america, north america, asia, europe, australia, new zealand and the pacific rim.
we invite you to join the thousands of satisfied customers who have chosen the high quality, reliable performer: mighty mite.




mighty mite = quality+performance+value





 



bandsaws




order genuine mighty mite parts




circular mills


 



photo	album



contact	us
 


© mighty mite industries, inc. 2022




