 center of non duality | advaita vedanta | shanti sadan              
    
skip to content


menu
theorypracticewatch and listenjournalbookstoremeetingscontactaboutdonatelog insearch


menu
theorypracticewatch and listenjournalbookstoremeetingscontactaboutdonatelog insearch
centre of non-duality, advaita vedanta
non duality, advaita, is about the highest goal of life—knowledge of our self as the reality in all. adhyatma yoga is a practical path to this realisation.

theory of non duality


non duality in practice
non duality is both a philosophy about ourselves and the world, and a practical way to live well and to fulfil our highest potentials.the theory of non-duality is often called the philosophy of advaita vedanta, and the practice is called adhyatma yoga, the way of self-knowledge.latest articles in self-knowledge journal:the absolute as the lord of maya  giordano bruno, friend of truthaccording to the non-dual understanding, our own deeper self, when fully known, is not different from the self, the reality, in all beings.true self-knowledge brings us lasting peace, inner freedom, fearlessness and fulfilment.what is non duality?non duality is a philosophy, an experience and an ethic. the philosophy says that ultimate reality is not divided: divisions are phenomenal, not absolutely real. the experience is of that reality as self, sometimes called enlightenment. the ethic is to live in a way that leads to discovery of the non dual self as the reality in all.what is advaita?advaita is the sanskrit word for ‘non dual’. according to advaita, divisions only appear when reality is viewed from a particular perspective. a direct experience of reality is what is called enlightenment or self-realization.in the light of non duality, all the variety of the world exists within an all-encompassing unity. to know the nature of this unity, is to know the source of everything.so the practice starts with developing inner skills and qualities like concentration, relaxation, constructive thinking, compassion.then the way continues with the uncovering of what lies beyond the surface of the mind. this is the level of pure consciousness, wholeness and security.physical exercises and postures are not part of adhyatma yoga, the way of self-knowledge.to learn more, read about the teachings in theory and practice.as a centre of traditional non duality, at shanti sadan the teachings are given and practised in their pure, original form, free of charge.time and energy spent applying the true teachings is never wasted, and leads progressively towards the supreme goal of self-discovery.is non duality a religion?non duality holds that there is a non dual reality which can be known in direct experience. to do so requires help and guidance, which must ultimately have its source in that reality. non duality is based on a rational philosophy, and is not limited to any one religion in particular.would you like updates about meditation and non-duality?let us know if you would like to receive occasional updates by email about new resources and events on meditation and non-duality.name


first
email*
do you have any questions just now?your details will not be shared with anyone else. you may opt out at any time.captchanamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.  



















mail@shantisadan.org+44 (0)20 7727 7846 homeprivacy policycookie policy (uk)sitemaplog in




facebook





youtube

© 2025 shanti sadan. all rights reserved. uk registered charity no. 284076  manage cookie consent
to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behaviour or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.



functional



functional

always active							





the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.



preferences


preferences






the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.



statistics


statistics






the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.




marketing


marketing






the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.

manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes
accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences
{title}
{title}
{title}manage consent
scroll to top   



