






 

home - park city outfitters




































































 























home
fly fishing

provo river
green river
weber river
secret waters


pheasant hunting
rates
lodging
about
contact
gift cards
(435) 647-0677














 
















park city outfitters

your fly fishing experts in park city, utah. providing quality experiences for over 20 years. certified by the international federation of fly fishers and endorsed by trout unlimited.

make a reservation







fly fishing

book now



lodging

reserve now





guide rates

view rates



fishing license

get license





















why park city outfitters?

since 1989, brandon bertagnole, the proprietor of park city outfitters, has been leading guided fly fishing excursions in park city. his family has been rooted in park city, utah, for four generations.
park city outfitters specializes in guided fly fishing trips in park city, utah, navigating the renowned provo river, weber river, and the scenic green river below flaming gorge dam. additionally, we organize guided fly fishing outings on private ponds, small rivers, and streams in close proximity to park city.
as a certified fly casting instructor recognized by the international federation of fly fishers and endorsed by trout unlimited and orvis, brandon brings expertise to every outing. notably, he hosted bill gorman and tim rajeff on the oln channel’s ll bean outdoors opening show in 2005.

📞 (435) 647-0677







see what they’re saying!

 rating5.0




based on 10 reviewswrite a review





 

 








     july 26, 2024 

mark was a great guide, i learned good techniques for mending and we released some nice fish!!
 






 

 








     july 14, 2024 

great guides, fun trip and learned a lot.  the process could not have been easier, and the skill and professionalism could not have been better.
 






 

 








     april 26, 2024 

brandon and his team are the best to work with, i highly recommend them for a quality fly-fishing trip! they know their local spots!
 






 

 








     august 13, 2023 

we had a great day on the weber with angelo! 5 fish including 2 on a dry fly that angelo matched perfectly to an intermittent caddis hatch. my son and i also enjoyed learning about the ecology of the river, which angelo was an expert on.
 






 

 








     july 8, 2019 

i went with jeremy to fish on the weber river and had a great time.  i always look forward to guided trips to learn more from the guides.  jeremy was better that most i have fished with around the country.  i will definetly book another trip with park city outfitters when i come back to the area.
 






 

 








     december 11, 2018 

was a great place to go and see.
 
load more







let’s get social












                            @parkcityoutfitters                        



566 
                        posts                    

794
                        followers                    






                    follow on instagram                













winter is here, but the fish still need to eat





















i got a trip in before the snow. #guidesdayoff




















my personal fishing days get more important every year. #guidesdayoff




















fall colors on the mountain and in the river




















sunshine and rainbows! fall is in the air, and the colors are coming.




















tiger tamer







































get your children outside!






























        load more
    








condo rental

if you’re in search of accommodation, our renovated park city condominium is situated at the crossroads of park avenue and deer valley drive, offering convenient proximity to park city ski resort, restaurants, shopping, and a mere 1-mile distance to deer valley ski resort via the complimentary bus system. snow country condos’ prime location makes it ideal for easy access to sundance film events, skiing adventures, shopping, golfing, or arranging an exciting fly fishing excursion along the breathtaking provo river.

make reservations







 






















reserve your park city getaway now






view rates







newsletter

join our mailing list for exclusive offers






thank you for joining!



email





subscribe
















park city outfitters





fly fishing

fly fishing
provo river
green river
weber river
secret waters



quick links

gift cards
lodging
rates



company

contact
about



get in touch

(435) 647-0677

followfollowfollow



featured on











designed in salt lake city





copyright © 2023 park city outfitters all rights reserved.

privacy policy





copyright © 2023 - park city outfitters

privacy policy



 

































