

emerald isle, nc - oceanfront vacation rental property for sale







 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close












1201 ocean dr. emerald isle, nc 28594



     
at 
anchor is an oceanfront vacation home located in emerald isle, north carolina.
situated right in the heart of the crystal coast, the area is known for it's 
relaxed family atmosphere.  i am offering at anchor 
for sale by owner.  this rewarding investment is priced 
to sell in the mid $300,000's!  whether you're looking for the perfect 
vacation, some extra income, a second home, or a quiet place to retire, 
you came to the right place!  contact me today!


     
my goal is to make the web site just like 
emerald isle itself- so great you'll never want to leave!  ok 
that's stretching it a little, but i hope you find emerald isle
as pleasant and delightful as i do.  read the testimonials section 
below to find out for yourself.  
i invite you to spend 
a minute or two exploring at anchor and the rest of 
the crystal coast.  use the links to the right and at the bottom of 
each page to find your way around.  


-the webmaster



details and pictures.
why is this such a good value?
why buy in emerald isle?
where is emerald isle?
is at anchor available to rent?
faq.
helpful links.
what's new?
webrings.
awards
sign guestbook
view guestbook





email:
emeraldislenc@hotmail.com
call:
(740) 342-4206




what's new?



5/28/02

interest in the area is growing rapidly!  now's your chance to snag
a deal before the market goes up!


5/27/02

if you just want to relax then fall rentals are an affordable chance to catch summer-like
weather without the summer traffic.  call me to rent at anchor
this fall now!


3/7/02

joined the fsbo top 100.  
click here 
to vote for this site! 








 take my poll at:
at anchor poll: htmlgear.com






at anchor testimonials

     
now, we really did enjoy our
stay at at anchor.  i really loved the master bedroom concept in
which my room had its own personal bathroom.  we enjoyed two of 
our dinners out there (on the oceanside porch) and a few took their plates 
out there other evenings.  now...
it was unanimous that we spend another year at emerald isle... and 
more specifically, everyone wants to go back to "at anchor".


-john and vera bright from suffolk, va 8/4/01

     
get your testimonial published here!  
email us 
your comments on
at anchor, emerald isle, or the web site along with your name and 
location. 








     
this 
web site has been honored with many awards like the one above.  
go to the awards page to see the entire list.


recommend this site to a friend!











 hits since 7/01/00.
copyright © 2000-2002 with exceptions
the information contained is reliable, but not guaranteed.
contact: emeraldislenc@hotmail.com
(740) 342-4206
url: http://oceanfront.htmlplanet.com
updated: may 28, 2002
best viewed: internet explorer at least 600x800 pixels




 

























