






sun-mar – the world leader in composting technology



































































 

 





 



skip to content



 
 


search for:
 

go!

 







facebook
twitter
 








 

contact us1 888 341 0782  shopping cart 




toilets

our patented design
self-contained toilets

excel
excel ne
compact
spacesaver


central composting toilets

centrex 1000
centrex 1000 ne
centrex 2000
centrex 2000 ne
centrex 3000
centrex 3000 ne
low-flush toilets
af elongated waterless toilets

elongated waterless toilet
af waterless toilet kits




urine diverting toilets
toilet accessories
toilet add-ons
compost vs convention
request a catalog


garden composters

garden composter 200
garden composter 400
garden composter information
garden composter accessories


why sun-mar?

certifications

nsf green living fact sheet


profiles
how composting works
protecting the environment
testimonials


customer care

contact us

customer service form
ordering parts


warranty information

online warranty registration


customer support
frequently asked questions

installation
safety drain installation
vent installation
what’s in the box?


use and maintenance

use and maintenance resources


composting toilet q&a


where to buy

dealer locator
international dealers
order parts, accessories
brochures
upcoming events
our showroom
sales inquiry form






search for:
 

go!

 












home page 










 a world leader in composting toilet technology 




















































 










click here to leave a review about your sun-mar toilet
















 




















products

 12 volt dc fan kit

$50.00



 excel

$2,040.00



 excel ne

$1,825.00



 compact

$1,975.00

 







our open box sale is a great way to get the comfort and convenience of a sun-marfor more information, call 1.888.341.0782 ext 1032 offer available while supplies last, cannot be combined with other offers. 


























protecting the environment for over 35 yearsat sun-mar, we are proud of our history and the role our products play in protecting the environment. our toilets provide an economical, environmentally friendly and stylish alternative to traditional toilets and costly septic installations. 


























see the sun-mar difference 











no septic or sewage connection requiredno water requiredchemical free 







 







aerobic processenvironmentally friendly alternativepollutant free  


























explore the leader in innovation 












 









 









 












click here to visit out video gallery 


























trusted by companies around the world 
























								sun-mar is proud to support researchers at the smithsonian’s caribbean coral reef ecosystems (ccre) program by providing comfortable, easy-to-use toilets to help them protect and study vulnerable ocean habitats.							

























								sun-mar toilets help kids attending tim horton children's foundation camps learn about environmental sustainability and recycling back to nature. 							

























								the hawaii space exploration analog and simulation (“hi-seas”) is a nasa-funded mission simulation. the purpose of this simulation is to gather data that will ultimately benefit future manned missions to mars.							





























								nestled in the heart of torres del paine national park in chile, ecocamp patagonia offers the region’s first truly ecologically-sustainable accommodation. since 2000 ecocamp has been hosting guests in upscale geodesic domes and providing guided trekking excursions through the park’s wilderness.							

























								
sunnyside farms has been breeding fjords destined to help less privileged youth who are faced with special needs. primarily, they strive to assist those suffering from educational hurdles, traumatic experiences and social challenges.							

























								the margaret and luke pettit environmental preserve and sun-mar help foster a new generation of conservationists by educating students using practical environmental concepts. 							
















click to visit our profiles to see interesting examples of how others have installed sun-mar toilets around the world 


























giving peace of mind to customers for 35 years and counting 












since the cabin is without plumbing, the excel was and is ideal. it looks good and everyone can use it without a problem. it has serviced a large group (12) on a given day and is odorless. we are so glad we found this system, otherwise we would not have purchased our “get-a-way”.



 

barbara c.
excel













this one is newly installed after we finally retired our (sun-mar) bowli x-l after 15 years of full-time residential use (family of 4). needless to say, we were pleased with the product. yeah, we had to “learn” the ropes of good composting, but i wonder how many times a plumber would be called to a flush toilet disaster in fifteen years!

had we had a dissatisfactory experience with the product, i can assure you, i would not have bought another!! we look forward to 15 more years of happy composting with our ecologically sound excel toilet system.



 

nancy s.
excel













we’ve been using the outhouse for over 60 years at our cabin in the adirondack mountains of northern ny & still do not have running water. we really appreciate the sun-mar excel, especially on cold early spring mornings and late fall mornings. installation on the second floor was easy with no expense for septic system or water system. has worked well with 10-12 people in the cabin for 2 week stays in the summer.



 

everett g.
excel
















click to visit our testimonials from satisfied sun-mar customers 



























 



























sun-mar toilets are the gold standard in composting toilet solutions worldwide 












 








there is only one performance standard for composting toilets in north america. this is national sanitation foundation nsf/ansi standard #41. sun-mar is certified by the nsf under this stringent standard. testing is conducted for 6 months at a nsf recognized, independent testing laboratory under a strict test protocol. to be certified, the unit must operate odor-free at maximum capacity (including overload conditions) and produce clean, safe compost. what you need to know about composting toiletsas additional verification, nsf obtains and tests additional compost samples from randomly selected field operations, and conducts interviews with the users of these units. for verification, please check the nsf website. nsf international is a not for profit, non-governmental organization. it is the world leader in standards development, product certification, education and risk management for public health and safety, and for 75 years has been committed to public health, safety, and protection of the environment. the importance of nsf certification 













 


















about sun-mar
contact us
privacy policy
address 5370 south service road, burlington, on, l7l 5l1  600 main street, tonawanda, ny 14150 

 phone
 1.888.341.0782  1.905.332.1314

 e-mail
 compost@sun-mar.com facebook
twitter
 




 
































