


one day it'll all make sense...



















    
	one day it'll all make sense...
	
  
a chronicle of love, life and growth...
in word, spirit and truth





thursday, july 20, 2006



	 
	 ---- drive-by ----
	 
    


long time no blog, huh… *ctfu*. so many changes, and i’ve been tryna stay focused. i finally made it out of ohio, yayyyyyyyyyy baltimore, baby!!!! really, really digging it here, too. right now i’m staying with a friend, but trust that the goal is to be in my own place by oct. or nov. 1st. the kiddies are in ohio for this coming school year, and i’m kinna exhaling a lil bit, lol. i miss ‘em tho, fa sure. can’t wait to take ‘em to the harbor… they can explore the lil naval ships and have a blast with the paddle boats. they’ll love the national aquarium, too.started a part-time gig with ashley stewarts this week, and it’s cool. go team chunk!!!!! yesterday this cat came in just to pester folks, i guess. my co-worker told me he’s a regular, comes in to bug the associates and buy women’s sunglasses for himself. he came in right behind a female customer, so i offered assistance because i thought he was with her. ugh!!!! dude had an unlit, fat stankin-ass cigar in his hand and kept talking to my breasts until i was mad creeped out and ready to cuss a muhfukka outttttt, okay??? quickly found something else to occupy myself, but dude kept watchin me the whole time he was there. of course, he didn’t even come in to buy anything…. nothin, nada… what a perv. on some real shit… dude creeped me out so bad my stomach was fukked up by the time he left. sheit… i’ve ministered in prison and lived in an area where there were many registered sex offenders, and they never fazed me. dude creeped me da fuck out, ya heard??? i will nottttttt be dealin with this fukka, fuck some damn customer service, he had me revulsed… perv, perv, perv. trust… dudes stare @ da twinz all the time, but this cat’s whole spirit set my alarms off real bad, nothing i can really articulate in a blog, you’d just have to’ve been there. fukka lookin like a dark-skinned ron isley, too… ugh. whateva…yesterday i interviewed with an electronic payments processing company, and it was gravy. i want this job, badly...!!!! international company with mad opportunities for advancement, crazy benefits, nice pay, and i’d be on a computer all day with noooooooo phone contact. can somebody say, “heaven for me”??? i’ll most likely find out tomorrow if i got it, but it seemed mad promising. the interviewer was asking me at the end if i can start immediately, which i can… they’re understaffed right now and throwin out some overtime. she was speaking to how well my previous positions have ensured that i have every skill set they need for the job, and said she was going to get right back to the temp agency recruiter, and that i’d hear something very quickly. keep me in ya prayers for this door to open, and thankssssss in advance…there’s a huge art festival downtown this weekend, and i’mma have to check it out. i’ve barely been outta the house since i’ve been here, coz i’m not tryna go wastin up gas until i have a fulltime gig. this weekend, that’ll change. i need to get out, mad stir-crazy. i did however, go to a “white” party with my neighbor for some chick’s 40th birthday. not sure what some folks didn’t understand bout white attire expected, but whateva… the soul train line was funny as hayle. the birthday girl gave out bottles of champagne with her pic and birthday on ‘em, *lol*. finally had an apple martini, and damnnnnnnnnnnn if those fukkaz aren’t the truth!!!! i don’t even like apples, but been fiendin for more ever since, lol…lemme take a quick minute to shout out some folks who’ve kept in touch while i’ve been absent. georgiapeach, dee-dee, holiday, trent, and zed… thanks. zed... i'mma really need to be ya bohemian munkee again, man... i feel like i'm on punishment!!! smoke one, fewl!!! ;-)



posted by ~ eclectic soul ~ at 3:52 pm
2 comments






thursday, march 16, 2006



	 
	 musta been hella bored!!!
	 
    


all quizzes by myyearbook.com -- the world's biggest yearbook! take the quiz:what perfume are you?chance by chanelyou're a cute , fun, romantic girl.  you likerelaxing and hanging out, but you have a seductive side.take the quiz:what designer are you?juicy couture!!you are a fun, girly girl, but you have a naughty side to you.you love to enjoy life and live it to the fullest!take the quiz:what kind of eyes do you have? (with pictures)eden you have eden eyes. eden is the color of water.  your eyes symbolize your great flexibility.  you are a creative person.  you can think of many good ways to get your point across to people as you have very good communication abilities.   when someone feels down or is hurt, you have the remarkable ability to help them and heal them.   if you have too little going on in your life, you may be withdrawn and depressed, timid, manipulative, unreliable, stubborn, or suspicious.   some words to describe you: peaceful, sincere, affectionate, tranquil, intuitive, trustworthy, pure, loyal, healing, and stable. take the quiz:what is your paranormal gift?telepathy reading minds... what am i thinking? hehe, just kidding. but you always know what others are thinking, if you want. you can be a smart alec at times but you don't care, because you probably know everybodies secrets and have a smug little smirk on your face. oh well, just don't abuse it. o.otake the quiz:which egyptian god or goddess do you represent?ma'at, goddess of order, harmony, and truthma'at was the goddess of physical and moral law in egypt, of order and truth. she was not much of a goddess, but more of a concept. she was what was right; she was the way things should be. you lead a very well-ordered life. you are just and keep things in balance. you know just how to react to things, and people like you for that. take the quiz:which daughter of the universe are you?rheayou are the daughter of the easy going part of the universe.  you are a beautiful, stunning star. all of the other stars admire your beauty.  comets and other stars pass through and stare, but you just ignore.  you're confident, outgoing and very attractive, yet you don't really know it (meaning you don't show off).  you are very laid back and take things one step at a time.  you don't plan anything, you just do it when you feel like it. you have lots of friends, and they admire you're sarcasm, beauty and maturity.  being able to control the weather is a secret from everyone... hopefully there will soon be a special someone for you to share it with.  



posted by ~ eclectic soul ~ at 11:32 pm
5 comments






saturday, december 17, 2005



	 
	 tagged!!!
	 
    


ok... so munkeelicious, king of all munkees is the first to ever tag me. (i'll mail the tag cherry for your trophy case for christmas... okay, daddy??)the rules:1. go into your archive2. find your 23rd post3. find the fifth sentence (or closest to it)4. post the text of the sentence in your blog with these instructions.5. tag five other people to do the same.the fifth sentence in my 23rd post is:how does that happen? 



posted by ~ eclectic soul ~ at 10:22 pm
6 comments






sunday, december 04, 2005



	 
	 burning bridges
	 
    


whewwwwwwwww-wheeeeeeeee, i've been busy... and tired!!! last week i walked up on a seasonal gig with the limited, in their distribution center thru december. started this week, and it's whoopin my tail!!! i like it tho. a physical job is good for the soul erry once in awhile. all nite i unload trucks and throw boxes on conveyers. tomorrow nite i'll be back on the grind. it's crazy how my biceps are already startin to pop a bit and it's only been 5 days. zennie told me i'mma come out lookin like a pro wrestler, lmaooooooooo!!! i stay throwin stuff the whole time i'm there coz i wanna burn calories... and most of our freight is mad heavy. no softlines comin thru at all. the thing i like about it is the smell... we ship for the white barn candle co., vicky's secret, and bath & body works... so yanno it smells like heaven up in there. *lol* anyhoo, i still have to find a permanent job, coz this one has no possibility for hire upon completion.ok... so the significant ex just sends me an email tellin me off, talkin bout i'm too judgemental and some other shit, pissed off coz i said his son's name is ghetto. yeah, i said it... and i'm stickin to it. his name is zaki... his 2nd son's name is zaki. the first son's name is kadeem. the 3rd son is tah'bre (ultra ghetto). now... this cat left for 2 yrs, came back to another son, whom the mama named, "zakiim". so last nite, i'm visiting his mama, who's in the hospital. she's a beautiful person. anyhoo, he gets there, we're chillin, all is gravy. his kids came up in the convo, and i asked the new one's name. he told me and i shook my head, laffin. said that's a damn shame, that's ghetto. now... this chick is a mad weedhead and super, ultra-ghetto. he told me himself, he had nothing to do with any of his sons' names. (i'mma keep it all the way real... his born name is crispin williams, but he changed it when he researched his own father's name, and found out his dad came from a royal line in africa, so he took on his dad's fam name and added zaki coz it means, "truth & light") his moms had just told me right before he got there that ole girl would brag in front of her at her house bout how she was neva gonna stop bein a weedhead, and called her the bottom of the barrel as far as the babymama coalition. who da fugg would brag bout some shit like that to their child's grandmother??? only a chickenhead. truth is truth. the other stuff i know bout anita is mostly what zaki has told me from his own mouth 2 summers ago, before she was pregnant. trusttttttt, this bish is ghetto. aint nuffin new under the sun bout that coz zaki is captain chickenhawk, fa realz. that's the major reason we never worked out in all these years. me being the reflective sista that i am, always wondered why we always came back in each other's face coz we're always on some different ish than than the other one.anyhoo, he kinna snapped when i said that, but nothin major. we ended up changin the subject. so a lil while ago, he emails me, tellin me off. said he was mad pissed last nite coz of what i said, and that he lied to me bout having somewhere to go instead of hangin with me. like i give a shit??? i guess that was supposed to hurt my feelings or some shit. trust, i came home and still went out with someone else anyway. *lol* i been known to keep 'em on deck, feel me? so this email says he feels that i was makin fun of his name, and told me off bout callin that some ghetto shit. oh well... it isssss ghetto. not the name itself as much as how & why the name was arrived at. and ion give a fugggggggg what he doesn't like. long as he's known me shouldn't nuffin i say surprise him. he said enuff foul shit bout my husband before things went crazy, i'm totally justified, trust. anyhoo, i was sayin that combining 2 of his son's names, including his, is some ghetto george foreman shit. and it is. so after 14 years, he told me to step da fugg off, take him off my contact list, lose his email, and not to visit his mama. lmaoooooooooooooo!!!! i can dig it. i'mma still stop by the hospital to tell his moms to take care and that i prolly won't see her again. i gotta drive ri past there on the way to work tomorrow nite, anyway. difference between me stoppin by and the coalition is that i visited coz she's a sweet lady that i've known for a long time, and the others try to stay close coz they think she's gonna persuade him to settle down with them. like he's some kinna prize? lmaooo... ok. my response to the email:yanno what... i can dig it.what i said still stands... naming a child after a man who has not put a ring on ya finger is retarded... i was sayin it was ghetto coz she mixed up your & kadeem's name, which isn't clever, it's stupid. i can surely step da fukk off and i will... as for what i said bout anita, fuck her ghetto, weedhead, chicken-headed ass and your chicken-hawkin ass too. i really don't care if you dog out my kids' names... i don't care if you neva wanna speak to me again, that's on you... not like it's the first time i ever offended you... and it's not like it's the first time you ever spun me off to go somewhere else. if you were just pissed last nite, you shoulda had the mannish balls to tell me to my face instead of sendin me a punk-ass email.grow the fukk up and marry one of ya babymamas, i'm sure you'll be happy wif your decision. you don't have to worry bout me tryna contact you, i respect your feelings bout that. and trust... as much shit as you said to me about my husband, regardless what you thought i knew or not... i'm entitled to say any damn thing i want about your baby mamas. maybe one day you'll quit lyin to me about stayin with em... oops, no need to now.peace.it's all good... he doesn't have to worry bout me hittin him up at all. i stay in my lane, regardless. he's really probably thinkin he dealin with the same shon he had back in the day, the one that actually cared bout his feelings. i'd already told him i handle men totally different since my marriage fell apart, and he's really bout to peep it. things in the game done changed, feel me?? i honestly don't care. all he did was remove any last reservation i had about moving to philly come summer anyway, so i'm kinna relieved, honestly. so while he's tellin me to step da fukk off... i hope that means he's gonna delete me from his contact list, delete my email addy, stay outta my yahoo 360 blog, stay off my black planet page, stay outta here, and quit doin searches online for me erry time we lose contact, wif his hackin ass. that shit gotta go both ways and i hope he sticks with it. this shit is ironic coz i swear i'd just returned from the health food market, where i bought one of those detoxifying internal cleaning systems to take this week. fourteen yrs of his residue bout to be flushin out, too... some bridges need to be burnt!!! ha! *straightening my dress, sittin pretty, and goes back to catchin up the blogs i've missed reading*



posted by ~ eclectic soul ~ at 6:52 pm
6 comments






monday, november 14, 2005



	 
	 still waters still run deep
	 
    


every birthday brings time of reflection and thanks for me. this year, altho my stuff is pretty janky financially right now, i still have a lot to be thankful for. i'm no longer married, and no longer mired in a sea of depression with suicidal thoughts plaguing every sleeping & waking moment. two years ago, my marriage was over in a matter of weeks after i'd invested 3 years, and all my future plans had blown up in my face. i finally felt normal again by my 35th birthday, and it's been a year now that i've had my swagger back. everything comes full-circle in time. i've had a lotta fun over the past year, despite the struggles. went to dc, hung out with about 60 of my chatroom buddies, turned da hayle outtttttt, and visited nc, too. had a blast hangin out here with kahnma all summer, cut a lotta dead weight, lost weight, finally had a break from parenting for some time to myself, read a few of my pieces @ the open mic, and got myself a bit closer to god again. two years ago... before i got married, my spiritual walk was tight. his favor blessed me to live in his privilege and not on a level the world thought i should according to the money any job provided. i've been blessed for a long time, and maturity has brought growth and wisdom. i'm silly as hell a lotta the time, but a sista takes time out to give god some thanks and praise, and yes, i do it publicly. if you're not a person who believes in god or the concept that he has an enemy who is out to kill, steal, and destroy, you might as well stop reading now coz you're really not gonna be able to appreciate the rest of this post. peep this:have you ever seriously reflected on your life and recognized that there was a plan in place from birth to kill you by any means necessary? i reflected back one day this year and the plan of my soul's enemy was so clear in my life that it just blew me away. from birth, i was extremely asthmatic. asthmatic to the point that my mother didn't graduate college until i was in 9th grade coz she kept having to drop out of school to care for me 24/7. from 5-8 years of age, we spent 5 of every 7 nited in the emergency room, sometimes more than one trip per nite. my asthma was uncontrollable. i spent holidays in the hospital and was hospitalized for extended periods 6 times by age 14. it's really a miracle to me that i made it to adulthood, but i'm here by his mercy. this was the first layer of the attack on my life. notice i said "layer", not phase, because some of this junk was simultaneous.my parents divorced when i was 3, and dad moved to another state. at 5, my mother met and got involved with someone she thought was a nice guy, but he turned out to be psychotic as fugg and a substance-abusing lunatic. she was trapped before she knew it. in time he showed his cards, and for the next 11 years our lives were hell. he was controlling, insanely jealous, and a stalker. there were times of peace but moreso, times of fear and violence. much of this i witnessed with my own eyes. the police were always involved, but this was before the stalking laws and he had wealthy parents who paid his way out of everything. my mother was trapped. he once chased us the wrong way down a one-way city street, 4 miles back to the emergency room after one of my nightly visits, ramming our car with his and chasing us right back into the hospital before their security beat him down and arrested him. the staff had only seconds to hide us, but somehow they did. he used to kick our door in, in the middle of the night and came in windows on her. he once dragged her into the ohio river and tried to drown her in front of me. she still has neck flare-ups to this day. when i was 9, he raped her with a deer rifle to her head in front of me, setting an alarm clock and telling her he was going to blow her head off when the alarm went off. i managed to call the police and gave them his name, told them what was happening, but those stupid fukks called back to talk to her coz they thought i was lying. they finally came and that incident ended w/o further injury. another time he kicked her into some kitchen cabinets, breaking her nose. he then held her there and stitched it up himself, coz he knew a hospital visit would be jail. his boy held me upstairs and wouldn't even try to step in, coz he was a big-azz punk. in time she was able to have plastic surgery to correct the hump in her nose.she was trapped, no matter what we did. three times, she packed everything we could fit in her car and ran across the country. went as far as california, but he had hired a private investigator who tracked us by her credit card usage, and he was able to get back at her. i think we returned after he threatened her parents' lives or something. my grandfather had pulled a pistol on him before, when he came beating on the sides of their home goin crazy coz he knew we were there. we found out that my grandfather had consultations with an attorney and was compiling a file of evidence of the history of violence with him in case he had to kill him in self- or our defense. finally, some other chick told him that she was pregnant with his child, and he came over tellin my mom he was getting married. moms saw this as the chance she'd been waiting for to run again, coz she knew he'd be distracted. we came to columbus, and been here ever since. a few times she came home to messages on her machine from him, but he's never shown up. if he did i might shoot him on sight, so i thank god for letting us live in peace. this was the second layer of the attack... and it was multi-dimensional.the third layer came thru my relationships with men as a young adult on her own for the first time. my 2 high school relationships were with great guys, and we've communicated and caught up on each other's lives a few times over the years. i hope they're living happy lives and all is well, wish them the best if we never bump into one another again. in college, things changed. i got caught up with one buster after another over the years, even tho i took time to analyze and decompress between each relationship. every time i finally got back out on the dating scene and met someone new, he ended up being a decepticon, also. they'd flip on me, jump on me, or end up stalkin me. one worked at the phone company, and went so far as to make emergency calls to my school, having them pull me out of tests, just to look at the message and the phone # left was to his work department. he ended up losing his job over that mess too, good riddance. over the years i didn't have many relationships and i was never the one for casual sex, but several involvements left me with a black eye. i'd always told myself if they hit you once, they'll do it again and i didn't want any replays of the childhood, so i always made the first time the last. by the time i was 30, i had been raped more than once, and had a 5-yo child by a man who had thrown me down a flight of stairs when i was 5 months pregnant. i had an 18 month-old by someone i found out was a functional substance abuser, and we'd split before i found out i was pregnant. i was with the person i eventually married by 32 and he was a blessing from the start. we talked thru problems, took them to god and let him lead us, and settled things in that manner. everything was gravy. he asked our pastor for my hand and we went thru months of premarital counseling. it was like a dream. the vows were finally taken, and within a week, dude flipped the script 180°. the dream became a nightmare when he began to verbally abuse me, and told me he'd made a mistake marrying me, that i should have gone back to my ex who'd never abused me in all of our 13 yrs, on and off. the prior summer, i'd reunited my husband with his teenage children that he hadn't seen in years, and the thanks i got was for him to leave me for their mother less than a month into our marriage. he didn't want me and moved directly from our home to theirs, yet would call me up telling me what i was wearing earlier that day and what i'd been carrying in my hand. i never understood why he would stalk me when he didn't want me, honestly. all that poppin up stopped 2 months later when we had a confrontation here that ended with me kickin all the windows outta her car and him breaking my nose. i shouldna kicked those windows but he did bring her shit to my house and put his hands on me first, and i did warn him that i was bout to start kickin if he didn't get his hands off me. he said he was filing for divorce the next day (before he ran after punching me, that is...), but of course he wasn't man enough to pay for cleaning up his own mistakes. it took awhile, but eventually i got it taken care of, even though my jobs were sporadic. rest assured, i also sought out some counseling and found out that i have adult a.d.d., also... and that knowledge brought understanding as well. surprisingly, i managed to come outta all that mess with a very nonchalant attitude towards men since i started dating again earlier this year. there was one dingbat, stupidass, but he was the anomaly. the others were cool, but i enjoy my own company so much now that i can kinna take 'em or leave 'em. i thank god for being healthy and well-adjusted at that.backtracking for a moment, i have to ad that for 5 years, i was celibate... from the ages 28-32. during that time, my relationship with christ became intimate and so real. he lifted my chin, restored my confidence, and taught me that my worth as a woman is above rubies. i am fearfully and wonderfully made, i open my mouth with wisdom now, and on my tongue is the law of kindness. i am truly his daughter, and with all the drama i've made it through, i recognize that my life is his and i accept the mantle that he's bestowed. i realize that the original plan of the enemy was to take me out with the asthma, but when that wasn't working he sent my mom's crazy ex into the picture. it's like he said to himself: "why not kill her off with the asthma, but just in case that doesn't work... i'll send this demon to kill her mother, and if either of them live to tell it, this relationship will plant seeds to attract crazies to shon when she's an adult??? i'll design it in layers... eventually, she's gonna physically die or at the very least, she'll be emotionally dead or trickin in the streets, or smoked out and livin like this over top of her kids to sow those same seeds into the next generation!!! she'll never believe in a god she can't see!!! that oughta do it!!!" ha!!! he was so wrong...i look back and wonder how things may've been different if i'd known him my whole life. it may've been easier and the pitfalls avoided, but who would i be? would i have the same compassion for people who need a shoulder, people who've made mistakes and lived with shame & guilt, people who've been oppressed & depressed? would i be as soulful if i didn't know his power and tangibly feel his touch, his voice in my spirit? would i still know the power of his healing?? i seriously doubt it. what i've shared tonite is just the skeleton of the book i've promised to write about my life experiences, and how god has kept and lifted me throughout. sometimes it's not where you're at that makes you, but where you've been and the experiences that have built your character. we've all fallen short at one time or another. all of you know that i'm quick with a cuss word at times, and that i do silly stuff like find and watch that superhead video. imma mess!!! *lol* in spite of myself, i am still his child and i'll always be quick with a word to encourage my kindred circle, anyone he brings past me. i've known his commission on my life and my purpose for a few years now, time i got back on that path. you never know... sometimes i might just be preaching to myself in the midst... i'm just grateful to still be here.



posted by ~ eclectic soul ~ at 4:38 am
6 comments






saturday, november 12, 2005



	 
	 it's the weekend!!
	 
    


a resemblance i'd noticed a long time ago:  e. lynn harris & jonathan plummerseparated at birth???blah... that's a mess. i found a pic of e. lynn with jon & terry on e.lynn's site in the gallery when the separation was first made public, but it's been removed. guess i was in dumbass mode when i saw it, coz i coulda sworn i saved that mug to blog on sometime. don't they all live in atl??? couldn't stop wondering if e. lynn may've been one of the players in jonathan's "awakening", coz they all looked real cozy. nothing would surprise me with all that craziness hanging out together, sheeeeeeeit... anyway: yeahhhhhhhhh, the bday is finally here. i'm chillin at home, not doin shit but got a few bday e-cards and a buncha well-wishes sittin in my yahoo this afternoon when i got up so it's been lovely, honestly. thanks and love to my homie simply_asia for sendin the new floetry joint, that's mad hot. yall needa check em out if you haven't heard it already. best of all, my neighbor's friend got my car fixed, so a sista has wheels!!! sheeeeeit, nothin more i really coulda asked for. today i've been doin some fall cleaning round the house but tomorrow it's gonna be me and monster.com, feel me? i'm so happy... *smile*. i'mma hit up this orientation/pre-screening for southwest airlines on the 22nd, too... sheeeeeitttttt, lemme get a chance to fly all the time... i always need a getaway from the boys anyway. i love flyin, too.i'mma be catchin up the blogs, too. dee-dee, hells yeah i read errybody's ish, you have no idea, *lol*. i'm too embarassed to say how many blogs i have saved and read on the daily... i'mma mess with that. i actually stayed up on a few tho, including yours, robyn, trent, holiday, crunk & disorderly, chubby, & zed's. i always mention zed's crazy ass coz his tales & musings make me laff somethin fierce. worse, to be quite honest, his attitude about women and how he handles em reminds me so much of myself wif the fellaz, it's like reading bout a kindred spirit. unfortunately, i only go there on gettin some azz bout once or twice a year tho... if i let my azz run my brain i'd be a hot mess throwin up sparks, ya heard??? but lemme make this lil point ri quick in case anyone is wondering, no... zed is not my crush, ok? his font just keeps me tickled, i've never talked to him at all. he's mad coo peeps tho, maybe we'll shit-chat sometime. who knows? i love yall, *lol*.anyhoo, i'm ova the crush. that's quick, huh? he'll figure it out tho, coz he reads this. he's mad coo and i love his steez, but words aren't shit w/o action, and i'm not the one to just be blabberin wif somebody bout how much we diggin each other when he not callin or even hittin me up on yahoo here and there. i don't even like talkin on the phone, but actions always outweigh words, so there ya have it. hopefully i'll stay his boonopilis (the nickname he gave me), coz he's still my crush, but i can't be chasin folks. i'm shon, dammit... that's not even within me right now. *ugh* @ chasin, *lol* hahahhahahhaaaaa... i love me some me. why are lil kids so damn grimy??? i spent 3.5 hrs goin thru my sons’ clothes, pullin stuff out from under the bunk bed, outta the closets… they even hid stuff behind dressers and shelves. not only did they mix dirty clothes in with the clean stuff they hid, but i also came across chicken bones, dishware, utensils, cups, and half-eaten hungry man dinners. they shove all that stuff in the toy boxes. i went thru all the clothes and got rid of a 50-gal tub full that my younger one’s outgrown. my car trunk is jam-packed with stuff for the salvation army, and most of the designer stuff i saved for my pregnant girlfriend. bob the builder & transformer sheet sets included. i’m not even done yet, but i just can’t get over how nasty lil boys are if you don’t keep ya foot up their azz constantly. i def have my control freak tendencies at times, but i don’t think things as simple as putting trash in the trash should be so damn difficult. who wants to have to stay crackin the whip up in their own house? this crap has got to get better… they have some serious work to do when they get home, believe that!!!



posted by ~ eclectic soul ~ at 8:29 pm
5 comments






wednesday, november 09, 2005



	 
	 *grab bag*
	 
    


tomorrow night my car should be fixed! monster.com, here i comeeeeeee, baby!! bout time!!!as for those lipsssssssssssss… lemme clear up any confusion. they belong to some cat i saw on a website, but iono who he is. his face was posted too, and he’s not a celebrity. real cute lil dude tho. i stole the pic (yeah, i said it!! *debil horns*) coz i gotta thanggggggg bout lips. sessy lips will have me in a daze, transfixed and mesmerized like a snake to the charmer. one of these days imma write an ode to ‘em. shaddup in advance, zed!!in other news…“he says he’s really digging mei don’t know what to sayi can’t imagine why i feelso weak…” ~erykah badu~i have a confession… i’m in super crush mode. iono what it is bout dude, but he makes me smile with the most simple word. then i end up blushin up some shit and feelin like i’m 12 yrs old or something. wtf??? *ughhhhhh* that’s not cute. guess my inner nerd is takin over. speakin of nerd, i ordered some new glasses yesterday so i guess i’mma stay in full-effect-nerd mode for awhile longer. that’s coo tho, gotta dig the incognegra effect, yanno???anyhoo, i have a lotta thoughts swirlin tonite, so i’mma go ahead and blast this gat…why did i already type this post once and word lost it?why lightning hit my building and the thunder felt like a bomb blast?why i jerk da hayle outta my neck when it happened and the electric was out?why my neck keep hurtin more and more with every minute?why… only in the land of the nerds?why do certain “conscious” types always feel like they’re in a position to attack or debate someone else’s spirituality base?why, when no one is even bringing it up?why they try to force a discussion or debate?why they accuse you of being scared of their truth if you refuse to acquiesce to their manipulations?who gives a fugggggggg?since when does god need my defense?and why mofos wanna holla bout cave-dwellers, but they still be tryna holla at me?if you can’t respect that i’m the product of my bloodline, why you still wanna converse with me?why would you even care what i think about anything?why you ask to get up on my yahoo?why you care if we cool or not?why, seriously???and why, if white folks are just some dumb malicious cave-dwellers… are they still in power and we stillllll can’t get our shit together?why you struggling for erry scrap so hard if you’re god?why you tryna educate me as if i have no knowledge?why was i an african studies major for 2 years?why is that still my minor?why is my cave-dwellin mama into the same metaphysical shit you into?how bout… i think yall silly as fukk for that?how bout… i tangibly feel the holy spirit and that’s good for me?how bout… been there, done that… and moved on???how bout… your soapbox was 15-13 years ago for me?how bout… i don’t care if you know that i live or wish that i died, i’ve got other oceans to swim and many fish to fry?how bout… that’s that realness ri there!!why did i find that video of superhead vs. mr. marcus?why that heffa just fugg up the game for a lotta chicks?why some chicks i know say they saw that and gotta step up their game now???why???why they think they can keep a man with sexual tricks?why they make themselves the biggest trick in the equation thinking like that?why not put his azz on probation and make him earn the benefits after a training period?how bout… yeah, i said it!!!why was i on yahoo with one of my girls while we were both watchin the vid, laffin our azzes off @ superhead’s gangsta azz?how bout she had marcus looking like a ponk???how bout my sides hurt from laffin so hard???how bout i’on care that you know i downloaded that—i’m nosy!!!how bout sue me if you’on like it???!!why are some of my closet female friends chicks i know from bp chat?why have they shown themselves to be real friends, tho?how bout i’on care that they don’t live here… not like i hang out here, anyway...why do you always hear bout the crazy mofos on bp, but rarely any of the mad cool ones?why we turn out in the chat room so bad?why do i already have some jose cuervo margaritas, and some mango likka just waitin for my bday sat nite?why will i prolly stay ri here and go straight clown in chat with my buddies?why do we all tend to do that when we drinkin?why they laff @ me so hard when i’m drunk???why do i just get that much sillier… and hyper???why did i run into an old co-worker, 27 yrs old, and preg with her 4th baby… 4th daddy?why that ish just hurt my heart so bad?why do i see her days of diapers and daycare never coming to an end?why she tell me the baby’s father just caught a $2.5 mil bond a week ago??why this cat kill somebody, bag up the body, and try to burn it up in a dumpster?why she has 2 baby fathers with life sentences???why if you met her, you’d probably think she’s a sweetheart, tho?and why as long as i’ve known her, has she always really been exactly that?why don’t we learn from our mis-steps & mistakes?am i preaching to the choir?why my ex show up here the other day?why was i expecting that eventually coz i knew he was moving back to town?why he tell me he sat outside my apt for 2 hrs scared to knock?why, after 13 yrs off/on again… mostly off?why did we go to high school together even before that?why is his mother in her last stages of cancer ri now?why that hurt my heart too?why did she used to be assigned to take care of my grandmother in a nursing home years ago?why did my grandmother just pass away the end of may?why both of them in such a short time?why do i really wanna visit his moms before she’s gone?why is he my homie for life?why is there no goin backwards tho?how bout coz i know in my gut that god has yet better for me… if i remain patient?why he run into my ex-husband across town already?why betta him than me?why my ex-huz couldn’t figure out who he was or why he was eye-fuggin him?why i think he wanna whoop dat trick for putting his hands on me 2 yrs ago?why in 13 yrs off/on, my ex never raised his hand to me?why i kick him in the mouth once with some doc martens the day after he had a root canal?why he chase me all the way back to our apartment?why did the fact that he didn’t strike back make me respect him in a way i hadn’t before?why da hell i flip out like that?why am i talking bout all the way back in ’92?why we laff about that shit now?why he says he deserved that ish at the time?why he the only person i ever lived with?why i still wish him the best tho?why he nickname me, “the prototype”?why am i flattered bout that, but aint nothing changed?why can’t i ever get my daggone audio files to play on here?why erykah, jill, n’dambi, and jean grae, and fred hammond been in heavy rotation?why is jean grae one of the tightest mcs in the game, male or female, ever???why she make me wanna swing blades???why am i several days behind on all yall’s blogs?why will i catch em up most this weekend at the latest?why one of my other chat buddies get sent to pakistan for earthquake relief, from japan?why i feel like callin in a favor behind that?why… “dubya, is that you??? it’s shon…” *whew*aiight… if ya made it through all that mess, you deserve a good laff. so here it is, check out ya boy. this is the funniest mess i’ve seen in a longggggggggg time…he's dead serious, too 



posted by ~ eclectic soul ~ at 5:12 am
9 comments











about me

name:  ~ eclectic soul ~ 
location:  columbus, ohio, united states 
substantive... with about 6 personalities, *lol*.  most find me to be analytical, introspective, discerning, silly as hell, and compassionate, with just enough ghetto to keep it interesting. 

djarum clove menthols are my shyznnnnnit, baby!!!
view my complete profile

email a sista...
lookin' back...

---- drive-by ----
musta been hella bored!!!
tagged!!!
burning bridges
still waters still run deep
it's the weekend!!
*grab bag*
q^qn...
a font full…
*lol*

archives

november 2004
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
march 2006
july 2006

voices

msinstyle
my brudda trent
the heiress diaries
hollywood blogazine
half & half, tit & tat
dee-dee's spot
chubby chocolate
clay cane
like butta, baby
 so fresh!!! 
 zed’s lair 
 shawnqt 
 valentino 
 evilpsy 
 georgia peach 
 jamal’s spot 
 inciting a riot! 
robyn’s jazzy self 
 no4real4real 
 pammie’s counting down 
 the curious 1 
 professor gq 
 the mad real world 
 the realest… 
 reese 


blogs by black women




site feed













