





central chemical, opticolor, magic film, innovative marketing products, charlotte nc























































working hours monday - friday 09:00-6:00
toll free (800) 644-6784































home
roland

flatbed printers
roll to roll printers
gts print sheets
v-bond inks
gts bundle
gts tip sheet


opticolor

imaging system
adhesive transfers
imaging supplies
ink jet products
metalproof foil products
photo emulsions
proofing substrates
rub off transfer
sealers & lacquers
solvent ink products
solvent developers
thermochromic products


magic film

magic film dr
magic film dr sample pack
magic film xp
magic film xp sample pack
(dr) (xp) variety pack
use and application
frequently asked questions
printers, ink sets, layering instructions
laminator reference
buy now


buy now
resources

credit application
credit card auth
sitemap







contact us















demo center now open!

central chemical and service has opened a dedicated roland gts demo center. come visit and see how roland dga’s graphic transfer system can help grow your promotional business.

read more















the opticolor imaging system
produce high impact packaging, unique graphic appliques, and enhanced point of purchase displays. 
options such as dry, rub-on transfers in a variety of effects
including foils, fluorescents, and metallics are important
supplements that can add onto or go beyond a wide variety of
other color presentation systems

read more













innovative products to bring your awesome design to life

uv decal transfer film (uv dtf)
*magic film is intended to be used exclusively on/with the following printers. mimaki, logojet, epson, mutouh, compress.
let’s discuss.
you asked for it, we’ve got it!
“dishwasher resistant” magic film.
  central chemical & service strives to be your trusted source for uv dtf (decal transfer film).

read more









opticolor
the recognized color proofing system for creating, high impact packaging, unique graphic appliques, and enhanced point of purchase displays. offering options such as, dry rub-on transfers, and di (direct imaging) methods.


magic film
available exclusively from central chemical and service, 2801 hutchison mcdonald rd suite f, charlotte, nc 28269. call today for more information (704) 598-5990 or email ed@magicfilmusa.com. 







a note about central chemical
  






based in charlotte, nc, central chemical and service corp is your source for products and resources for opticolor imaging, magic film, and laser marking group.
the opticolor imaging system is widely used to produce specialty signage and high impact, point of purchase display graphics. options such as dry, rub-off transfers in a variety of effects including foils, fluorescents, and metallics are important supplements that can add onto or go beyond a wide variety of color presentations such as digital output or analog capabilities. most often used to create mock-ups, models and prototypes of packaging and label designs, opticolor products provide the ability to visualize exact color and graphics that are vital to printers and designers today. the opticolor imaging system can be an important part in the proofing and design process.
laser marking group specializes in permanent, high-contrast laser marking ink for metals and plastics.







get free consultation.


request now











contact us


2801 hutchison mcdonald rd suite f, charlotte, nc 28269
phone:(800) 644-6784
email:eweller@centchem.com
web:http://centchem.com





our services

home
opticolor
magic film
sitemap
contact










halstead design | 
website design | 
seo





































