






knox county auditor - knox county auditor's office



































            sarah thorne
        


knox county auditor 
 | 
knox county, ohio






























home


real estate

real estate search
agricultural district
board of revision
cama download
cauv/cauv soil rates
homestead exemption
local government
manufactured homes
owner occupancy reduction
real property appraisal
sheriff sales
tax rates & county values



gis/tax map


licensing

cigarette dealer's license
dog license
vendor's license



search

real estate search
manufactured homes search



finance

apportionment sheets
auditor's accountability
budget commission
financial reports
unclaimed funds
local government/mvgt distribution



forms


weights & measures


questions & answers













welcome to the new knox county auditor's real estate search site!
our real estate web portal has been upgraded to provide you with a more modern and robust user experience across all devices! check out the new platform by clicking on the "search" link from the main menu.
 





ohio’s auditors are here to help
property owners across ohio are feeling the pain with record high property tax bills and are looking for help to ease their burden. ohio’s county auditors are often blamed for higher property taxes from increased property values and voter approved levies. in the journey for tax relief, county auditors are actually the property owners’ best friend and are here to help the ohio legislature pass meaningful policy reform.
a county auditor’s duties are specifically outlined in ohio statute – meaning we can only perform the duties the ohio legislature has given us the ability and permission to perform. three-year property value update cycles, less and less meaningful homestead and owner occupancy savings for seniors and property owners, cauv values, and inside millage with school 20 mill floor revenue guarantees are all changes to state law that have had a direct impact on taxpayers.  
the county auditor does not set tax rates; instead our role is to fairly and equitably value property. we apply the exemptions, credits, abatements, and tax rates that are approved by the ohio legislature and the voters. county auditors have been warning legislators for years that funding decisions being made at the state level are increasing the local property tax burden which pay for essential services that impact the day to day life of our citizens.
ohio local governments were previously supported by a wide variety of tax dollars through state revenue. the tangible personal property tax was abolished without filling those dollars at the local level meaning levies made up the difference. the local government fund, which was a portion of the state general fund used heavily by townships and others, has been reduced in excess of 50% meaning levies make up the difference.
the list could go on and on, however the point is simple. ohio property owners now have a much higher portion of the financial burden to pave our roads, fund our police, teach our kids, and provide the services you need. voters have approved levy after levy to keep services going, and now, with a record-breaking real estate market, the consequences of these actions have created a perfect storm for taxpayers. this is not to mention the growing number of exemptions, abatements, and state approved discounts for property taxpayers which lead to higher rates for other properties.
county auditors have ideas and policy reforms to help address the strong need for changes to the property tax system in ohio. we now have been given a seat at the table and are grateful for the opportunity to work with state leaders to make a big difference for our property owners. 
sarah thorneknox county auditor



delinquent tax list for manufactured homes and real estate is available for download here:
2024 delinquent real estate tax list 
2024 delinquent manufactured home tax list 
 if you have any questions on the delinquent tax list call the treasurer’s office at (740) 393-6735



property tax definitions  is available for download here: property tax definitions 



watch video below for more information on the triennial update.
the who? how? why? of the triennial revaluation of real property



 
 




tentative property values for the 2023 triennial update
knox county auditor sarah thorne has announced that tentative property values for the 2023 triennial update have been approved by the state department of taxation, tax equalization division and are now available for review.
ohio law requires that the auditor review and update the values of every parcel in the county at least once every six years, this is referred to as a reappraisal.  ohio law also requires, at the mid-point (3rd year) of the six year cycle, that the auditor conduct an analysis of sales of similar properties that have occurred in the county. this analysis of sales at the midpoint of the reappraisal is referred to as a triennial update, which our county is undergoing for tax year 2023, with taxes payable on those values in 2024.
leveraging expert tools and analysis, the auditor is able to get a clear picture of the impact the housing market is having on current home values. the analysis of all valid real estate sales is the lynchpin to the process and a large contributing factor to the overall value placed on each property.  the ohio revised code, the ohio administrative code, as well as mandates from the state tax commissioner, provide direction for this process. for valuation purposes, the state recommends a target increase that is reflective of the valid real estate sales that took place in the county over the last three years. 
valid home sales drive market value. with the lower interest rates from a few years ago and now limited inventory due to people not wanting to leave these low rates, we have hit another wave of high sales prices.  this boom has fueled a “seller’s” market, resulting in many cases, of homes that are being purchased for more than their established market value. the old saying “a rising tide lifts all boats” could be applied here. as real estate sales exceed the listed market value, all other similar properties will be adjusted to reflect what the market is dictating.
the informal review process is over, but if you believe the new property valuation is still too high, you may file a dte 1 and those can be submitted january 1, 2024 through april 1, 2024.  if there are any data discrepancies on your property record card, please fill out a property data correction form and submit to knoxrealestate@co.knox.oh.us.
 



2023 property value update
 every three years, the county auditor is required by the state of ohio to reappraise all property in the county.
our office completed a full reappraisal of property values in 2020 and is scheduled to complete a triennial update in 2023.  these new values will impact the property taxes that you pay starting in 2024.
the window to file a formal property value appeal with the board of revision opens on january 1, 2024 and lasts until april 1, 2024.



changes to homestead program
the first set of changes in over a decade will increase the ohio homestead exemption based on inflation (read more). 
 
friday, august 18, 2023 county auditors support homestead exemption change as seen in the morningjournal.com, page 3.





contact us 






knox county auditor117 east high streetsuite 120mount vernon, oh 43050









real estate740-393-6748









real estate exemption740-393-6748









farm program740-393-6748









main number 740-393-6750









 
manufactured homes & homestead exemption 740-393-6745
 









dog license & vendors license 740-393-6805
 









fax 740-393-6806









mon-fri, 8:00am-4:00pm









auditor@knoxcounty.oh.gov












                        links to surrounding counties
                    


holmes county
morrow county
muskingum county
ashland county
coshocton county
delaware county
licking county
richland county







                        tax estimator
                    

try our tax estimator!






                        announcements
                    

real estate taxes due:

first half real estate: february 21, 2025
second half real estate: july 11, 2025

manufactured home taxes due:

first half manufactured homes:  march 7, 2025
second half manufactured homes: august 1, 2025

to pay your taxes, please use the following link to access knox county treasurer site: pay your taxes with this link


the conveyance fee in knox county is currently $3.00 per thousand dollars of the sale price.















contact information





address:
knox county auditor117 east high street, suite 120mount vernon, oh 43050


real estate:
740-393-6747


farm program:
740-393-6748


exemption:
740-393-6749


main telephone:
740-393-6750


fax:
740-393-6806


hours:
mon-fri, 8:00am-4:00pm


email:
auditor@knoxcounty.oh.gov


 





knox county auditor
population 62,721parcels 43,463 


knox county, ohio










        © 2025 copyright:  schneider geospatial, llc
|
 terms of service















