







wnyc | new york public radio, podcasts, live streaming radio, news
























































        

it looks like there's an issue with javascript in your browser. for a better experience, we recommend that you enable javascript. go to https://www.whatismybrowser.com/guides/how-to-enable-javascript/ to learn more.
      

















      

top stories
    


edit bucket





 
 




            the a.c.l.u. v. trump 2.0
          


the new yorker radio hour


      anthony romero, the head of the a.c.l.u., says that the united states is on the brink of a constitutional crisis. “we’re at the rubicon. whether we’ve crossed it remains to be seen.”
    















edit bucket





 
 




            nyc schools crack down on student omny card abuse
          


      privacy advocates raise concerns about the mta's student omny cards, and a baby is born on a subway train. that and more in this week's on the way roundup of nyc transit news. 
    


















 
 




            manhattan u.s. attorney quits over doj's request to drop adams charges
          


the brian lehrer show


      why exactly did the manhattan u.s. attorney step down?
    

























sponsored







      

latest from wnyc
    
edit bucket





 
 




            the most fun restaurants in new york city
          


      what makes a restaurant fun? for some, it might be a giant singing mechanical rodent and a roomful of video games. for others, it could be a quiet space as far removed from video scre...
    


















 
 




            this week in politics: how the doj memo resets the mayor's race
          


      the justice department filed a motion friday - asking a judge to dismiss federal corruption charges against new york city mayor eric adams. the request caps off a week of legal drama ...
    


















 
 




            celebrating 100 years: jia tolentino and roz chast pick favorites from the archive
          


the new yorker radio hour


      the staff writer and the cartoonist share their picks from the archive—an essay by joan didion, and a caveman cartoon by george booth—to celebrate the new yorker’s centennial.
    


















 
 




            haiti on the line
          


      haiti on the line: a live call-in radio special about the crisis in haiti on wnyc in new york, gbh in boston, and wlrn in miami. (monday, feb. 24 at 7 p.m. eastern time)
    












 
 




            canada it’s not. how a queens hockey fanatic built a rink in his tiny backyard
          


      new yorkers can be innovative when it comes to making use of their tiny backyards. some install swimming pools, raise chickens, build tree houses and even tend manhattan’s only wine v...
    



















      

go deeper with wnyc
    

edit bucket




 
 




            nyc now
          


nyc now delivers local news from wnyc and gothamist every morning, midday and evening. from breaking news to deep investigations, we cover new york for all new yorkers. 
transcripts are posted to individual episode pages as they become available.













 
 




            sign up for wnyc's weekly newsletter
          


a weekly, behind-the-scenes update from the people behind your favorite shows.













 
 




            let’s talk democracy at the laundromat! 
          


      soap gets laundry done. conversation gets democracy going. this election year, wnyc is turning some laundromats in the new york metro area into hubs of civic dialogue.
    

















edit bucket




 
 




            ask governor murphy
          


new jersey governor phil murphy takes questions from wnyc’s nancy solomon, other guest journalists and listeners for an hour every month during this live show, a co-production with wbgo and whyy. ask governor murphy airs the second wednesday of most months at 7 p.m., dependent on schedule availability. 













from the wnyc archives

edit bucket





 
 




            one of the country's earliest african-american radio programs on wnyc 1929-1930
          


      the naacp scores a regular wednesday slot for talks on a broad spectrum of issues.
    












 
 




            breaking the glass ceiling: lilian supove blake
          


      when most women in radio were doing home-ec shows, she was wnyc's news and special events director.
    












 
 




            take a dive into the wnyc archives
          


      as part of wnyc's centennial celebration, each week we'll share key moments from the from the vast wnyc and nyc municipal archives.
    















      

culture
    
edit bucket





 
 




            mikey madison is 'anora'
          


all of it


      actor mikey madison discusses her oscar-nominated performance in the sean baker film "anora." she plays the titular character, a stripper who believes she's beginning a new life when ...
    


















 
 




            sportscaster dave sims previews the upcoming yankees season
          


      after losing to the los angeles dodgers in the 2024 world series and losing slugger juan soto to the new york mets, the yankees are hoping to bounce back this season.dave sims is the ...
    


















 
 




            how a subway killing divided america
          


specials


      a new series, “theater of war productions live from wnyc,” co-presented by theater of war productions and wnyc, with special thanks to the new yorker.
    


















 
 




            “no other land”: the collective behind the oscar-nominated documentary
          


the new yorker radio hour


      two of the filmmakers, basel adra and yuval abraham, discuss the challenges and the threat of violence they faced making a film about israel’s occupation of the west bank.
    


















 
 




            vertigogo
          


radiolab


      there’s a strange and disorienting world tucked inside your brain. best hope it doesn’t sneak out.
    
















popular stories


most viewed
most listened
most commented






 
 



                  100 years of 100 things: presidential power; meet the mayoral candidates: michael blake; oscar docs: porcelain war; snl & politics
                












 
 



                  manhattan us attorney resigns over doj's request; rep. dan goldman; ask governor murphy: february recap; oscar docs: sugarcane; st. valentine's day traditions
                












 
 



                  the most fun restaurants in new york city
                


















 
 



                  new york and new jersey governors want to ban cellphones in schools
                


















 
 



                  the white house & the constitution; meet scott stringer; 100 years of white resistance to federal authority; oscar docs: ’soundtrack to a coup d’etat' 
                
















 
 



                  100 years of 100 things: presidential power; meet the mayoral candidates: michael blake; oscar docs: porcelain war; snl & politics
                












 
 



                  manhattan us attorney resigns over doj's request; rep. dan goldman; ask governor murphy: february recap; oscar docs: sugarcane; st. valentine's day traditions
                












 
 



                  an exploration of single life, need a 'hot date' for valentine's day?, what's the best snl sketch of all time?, composing for 'the brutalist' (the big picture) 
                












 
 



                  meet some of the academy award best picture nominees
                












 
 



                  #4728, faten kanaan live at national sawdust
                






















 
 



                  today at 1 pm: strauss's ariadne auf naxos
                












 
 



                  new york and new jersey governors want to ban cellphones in schools
                


















 
 



                  how a subway killing divided america
                


















 
 



                  tonight at 8 pm: a musical biography of pianist hazel scott
                


















 
 



                  listen on-demand: pianist igor levit 
                














      

events and information
    

edit bucket




 
 




            all of it: listening party live with the war and treaty
          


at 7 p.m. on thursday, feb. 20, join all of it host alison stewart in the greene space in conversation with grammy-nominated husband-and-wife duo, the war and treaty, and hear them perform. get info and tickets here.













 
 




            radiolab at on air fest
          


join radiolab at on air fest at the wythe hotel in brooklyn on friday, feb. 21. radiolab’s senior producer, simon adler, will be performing an original live show at the festival. get more info and tickets here.













 
 




            get lit february book club: imani perry's 'black in blues: how a color tells the story of my people'
          


at 6 p.m. on wednesday, feb. 26, at the new york public library, join wnyc’s alison stewart and author imani perry for a live conversation about her newest book, "black in blues: how a color tells the story of my people." get more info and rsvp for free here.













 
 




            the moth and wnyc present: only in new york
          


at 7:30 p.m. on friday, march 14, the moth presents a special mainstage show at nyu's skirball center in honor of wnyc's centennial. the theme is only in new york, and will feature stories from each of the five boroughs. tying it all together is first-time moth host, wnyc's alison stewart. expect special musical surprise moments and treats that can happen — only in new york. get tickets here.
































