





        possibility place | native plant nursery    


































































































 









skip to content







  

  

  










search

 







login / register














                                                0                                            



no products in the cart.
 
item added to the cart








0




x



					no products in the list				



 

 
 







  




shop plants

online store
full catalog
retail shop information


resources

ordering info & faqs
native plant grants
native plant insights
events


get to know us

about
our story
services
employment opportunities


 contact us


  

  

  










native plant nursery planting habitat and building  biodiversity
grow native trees, shrubs and perennials to support the health and vitality of your local ecosystem, from your own back yard to vast landscapes. now accepting pre-orders for spring!


online store
view full catalog





locally sourced  ecotypes



roots grown for superior viability



ecosystem defining keystone species








groundbreaking native plant nursery since 1983
delivering high-quality plant material with non-traditional growing methods.
get the dirt on us















watch our video
1:00









restore nature one native plant at a time
discover possibility place’s diversity of native plants






 
treesview category  




 
shrubsview category  




 
forbsview category  




 
grasses and grass-likesview category  













view all plants 





 


a native plant for every purpose





increase environmental services 
reduce heat island effect, increase carbon sequestration and replace invasives while improving water quality and alleviate the risk of flood.





combat pollinator decline
provide vital shelter, food, pollen and nectar resources for the most sensitive pollinators. 





showcase the beauty of native plants
from the spring bloomers to winter berries and everything in between, native plants brings four seasons of inspiration to your home landscapes.










our favorites for birds & pollinators



shop our store




amorpha canescenslead plant$7.00 pintadd to bagsambucus nigra var. canadensiselderberry$30.00 1 gallonadd to bageryngium yuccifoliumrattlesnake masterview optionsfagus grandifoliaamerican beech$32.00 1 gallonadd to baghydrangea arborescenssmooth hydrangea$30.00 1 gallonadd to baggift cardgift certificateadd to bag 














learn how to plant with environmental purpose
watch our how-to videos to learn more about planting and growing natives




 
tree tips with connor shaw: to prune or not to prune!
connor shaw founder of possibility place nursery speaks on the importance of allowing young saplings to keep their bottom branches. 






watch video
3.23




 
15 gallon tree planting and bag removal
how to plant a 15 gallon bag from our roottrapper® grounder containers.






watch video
4:39




 
don’t sweat the cosmetics! tristan challenges our 1-gallon oak!
ever wondered how much stress your plants can endure? we put a "cosmetically" damaged 1-gallon white oak tree to the ultimate test!






watch video
5:04





our story- full video
we do things a little differently around here. this is our story.






watch video
10:00




 
how to process small seed
take a behind-the-scenes look at how we separate the small seeds of shrubby st. john's wort (hypericum prolificum)! 






watch video
:26



















our services
we provide a range of services for all client types and project sizes!
services



 services









we are here to assist you

whether you're looking to enhance your backyard space or just need some advice on what kind of plants are best for your area, we are here to assist you.
reach out to us









native plant insights from possibility place nursery
visit our learning hub to find out more about our plants


explore all insights






 early spring garden prep tips
dig this weather right? no wait, go dig in this weather, right? the current weather has really thrown the plant...
 read full article 




 sustaining winter wildlife through native plants
  as we eagerly anticipate the transformation of our landscape into a winter wonderland with snow-covered fields and frost-kissed trees,...
 read full article 




 customer spotlight: kimberly smolen
by: julia hammerlund kim smolen is an educator with a ton of passion for native plants and an ambitious goal. ...
 read full article 




 don’t forget to plant late bloomers for pollinators!
monarch butterfly on new england asters, symphyotrichum novae-angliae august 16, 2023 think of your  bloom times as the fall season...
 read full article 




 native alternatives to exotic trees, shrubs and vines
illinois rose (rosa setigera) in bloom january 17, 2023 “we have allowed alien plants to replace natives all over the...
 read full article 

















stay in the loop
be the first to hear about plant availability, plant-care tips, announcements and more!

 


























  

  

  

get to know us
resources
privacy policy






                    call us at 708-534-3988





                    find us at 7548 w monee-manhattan rd. monee, il 60449







©2025 possibility place. all rights reserved
web design by digital silk








you've added 

0/18

 pints to your cart.
        
add more to complete your purchase. every plant makes a difference!






0/18

pints in pack

 

























































































