






aci – the appraiser's choice



































































 






























request a demo – call today!  800-234-8727















products

appraiser solutions

aci collection suite
cral collection suite 
membership plans
add-on services


enterprise solutions

aci sky™ report
aci sky™ delivery & review
aci sky™ bpo
aci insights




resources

self-service center
release notes
promotions


news
contact
shopping_cart
login
membership plans












 











our delivery service issues have been fully resolved, and all services are now operating normally. thank you for your patience and support.












step into the future of modern appraisingfor over 40 years, aci has evolved and crafted innovative solutions to ensure our customers remain at the forefront of appraisal modernization. join the thousands of appraisers who trust aci to provide them with intuitive tools to run their business.
schedule a demo today











share the love with aciinvite a friend to join and they’ll receive $50 off their new aci membership! you’ll receive $50 off your membership with every eligible referral! learn more about our referral program and start saving today!











discover the value of your aci membershipaci memberships include unlimited access to first american’s industry-leading data sets, covering 100% of u.s. housing stock. with our exclusive tool, aci sky™ data, effortlessly collect and import subject property and comparable sales information without leaving your report.
save valuable time and money and maximize your reporting potential today!
view aci membership plans











the road to appraisal modernizationin this webinar hosted by appraisal buzz, aci program director, kimberly angellone, guides you through the journey to appraisal modernization. discover how aci’s latest product updates and technological advances boost your capabilities, helping you stay competitive in this ever-evolving market.
 












aci collection suite
aci is the complete real estate appraisal software solution with all the tools to run your business including aci one’s launchpad, advanced forms management, the weighted value calculator, express mismo® xml delivery, and more! 




aci sky™ platform
the best-in-class quality control suite leverages aci’s proprietary par® logic rules engine to assess compliance, quality, and completeness while reducing exceptions via real-time alerts during file submission and review, expediting the appraisal review process.




surestep® mobile
aci’s latest innovative mobile inspection application eliminates many manual tasks in the appraisal process. surestep mobile is included with an aci membership, reflecting our commitment to keep aci customers at the forefront of the industry’s digital transformation.




cral collection suite
cral is the complete real estate appraisal software solution for canadian appraisers, featuring comprehensive tools to enhance your business operations. this includes report pro, track pro, research pro, and the appraisal institute of canada’s new 2024 forms







streamline every step of the appraisal process










“if consistency could be replicated, it would be called aci customer service. it is always fast, professional, courteous and a good experience. who does that anymore? aci does!!!”



james m. curzi jr
owner, jmc appraisals llc








sign up for our newsletter
get the latest news on aci products, updates, special promotions, and more.





success!



name



email





subscribe



we value your privacy. learn why we collect this information and how we use it.
















surestep® mobile

reduce inspection times with surestep mobile, aci’s latest mobile inspection application.  conduct full inspections in the field, manage orders, seamlessly import data into aci report, and more. surestep mobile is included with your aci membership. 

ios

android







 














first american data tree llc and first american mortgage solutions, llc, (the operating entities that may provide products and services as first american data & analytics) make no express or implied warranty regarding the information presented and assume no responsibility for errors or omissions. aci, aci sky, first american and the eagle logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of first american financial corporation and/or its affiliates.

©2025 first american financial corporation and/or its affiliates. all rights reserved. nyse: faf







privacy policy | terms and conditions | accessibility



follow



 










 



























