






georgetown fireplace and patio – 512-930-5850 | located at 8 sierra way at ih-35 in georgetown, texas



































512-863-8574
sales@georgetownfire-patio.com


about us
style and safety are key
in-house professional design
 












patio style

featured patio
gallery by type
gallery by vendor
new arrivals


outdoor fire

firepits
outdoor fireplaces
tempest torch
firepit components for custom and diy


fireplaces

gas fireplaces
wood burning fireplaces
gas logs
electric fire options
fireplace inserts
fireplace doors


freestanding stoves

wood burning stoves
gas stoves


grills and ranges

stainless grills in gas, charcoal, pellet,or electric
primo ceramic cookers
kitchen ranges
grilling accessories


clearance

clearance – patio
fireplace clearance


contact  
 





select page


  
 



 



 











“clearance event” going on now! 
with up to 70% off msrp on select stock and clearance “furniture ” & “fireplace“










































.
























gas logs














































customer testimonial


i wanted to take moment to thank you for all the excellent service you have shown us thru this selection process and now this back order. your professionalism far exceeds the average retail vendors we encounter. your attention to details and knowing your products along with your understanding of the construction site world are qualities that build long lasting client relations. you can be assured georgetown fireplace will be seeing a lot of pgc.


 









customer testimonial


your installer tech, christian, deserves  recognition.  he was polite, industrious, and totally knowledgeable of  his job and product.  he proceeded rapidly to remove  the existing unit,  clean out the area, then install the new unit. after  cleaning again, removing all leftovers and tools, he patiently  showed  us the the process of usage and insured that we were pleased with the  new fireplace – and we were and are!!! 
thanks for the fine service & product


 









customer testimonial

“it was so great that you took time out of your busy day to come to our home with notebooks filled with pictures and specifications for all kinds of fireplace doors from which to choose.  thank you for guiding me with suggestions and for allowing me to find exactly what i wanted.  honestly, i have had some designers who pushed me to buy something i wasn’t exactly sure about.  you were just the opposite!  i was comfortable with your help, and i am completely satisfied with my choices.”
 









customer testimonial

“recently stopped by georgetown fireplace and patio to shop for some outdoor furniture, met betsy who was to become our designer.  above and beyond expectations, she came out to our house and measured the area and once we selected furniture she laid out several possible arrangements (to scale), from her print outs we chose the plan we liked and when the guys delivered our furniture they knew exactly where to place each piece.  she then offered some suggestions on throw pillows that really tied the whole area together.  thank you betsy and patrik for introducing us.”
 









customer testimonial

“we were looking for outdoor furniture for our front porch.  our major concern was not only on style but also on fabric color coordination with the house.  terry at georgetown fireplace and patio was very helpful and knowledgeable about their products.  she came to the house with material samples to ensure we got the color right.  we have been very satisfied with the final recommendation and their service.”
 









customer testimonial

“we’ve been toying with a wood burning stove idea for our house for years and we finally pulled the trigger. we ended up going with a lopi gas stove and i cannot say enough good things about how gt fireplace helped us decide on the right stove but, more important, helped us through the installation and custom configuration of our stove. brad and his crew were always super helpful and weren’t afraid to help us explore alternatives for our particular installation. they were hugely knowledgeable on all things fireplace and they put up with my diy mentality. we eventually got the stove installed and working and could not be happier. thanks again gt fireplace. you guys rock!”
 









customer testimonial

we were looking to build what we thought would be the perfect fire pit for our back yard. we saw photos online of what we wanted but we didn’t know what parts were needed. we gave michelle a call at georgetown fireplace and patio and she was very helpful. not only did she provide us with instructions during an hour long call but she also was kind enough to send me photos to my phone of the exact specs of the various parts and she even took the time to draw us a picture of where the vents and drains should go. i highly recommend this business for all your fire pit needs.
 






 







 

 address:
8 sierra way (at ih-35)
georgetown, texas 78626


store hours: m-f 9:30-6:00
sat 9:30-5:00 closed sun
 **  we’re hiring!  **

 
request service appointment


 




















