

















about astrofish.net





















 























astrofish.net



shop
travel
links
mailing list









horoscopes for 2-18-2025horoscopes for 2-18-2025
“away with him, away with him! he speaks latin.”

jack cade in shakespeare’s 2 henry 6 (iv.vii.15)
horoscopes for 2-18-2025
sun into pisces 2/18
mars un-rx  17° can 2/24/25
pisces
 it is the simplest of gestures that means the world to other people. i can think of handful examples from my own life, but i’m not sure that would work — after all, the point of an anonymous nice gesture is to do so and not tell anyone, right? if i have to brag about how i was kind, sort of ruins it, doesn’t it? however, in one example, in the deepest darkest night of the this winter, i returned a pair sandals to be resoled. payment was included as was shipping, but what i got back was the sandals, resoled, and a straps replaced, all at no cost to me. free. that bought my good will, and i’d mention the brand, but that’s giveaway, as i only wear two brands, three brands of footwear, one kind of cowboy boot, and then sport sandals. i’m pretty simple. fewer choices makes life much easier. i like simple. i liked the sandals — they thought it was a warranty repair — and i’ll accept that. a single, nice gesture. to be sure, though, i was willing to pay full price. just never had to. happy birthday, and remember, the simplest of gestures, and anonymous, if pisces possible.
aries
when a planet is “stationary,” in my terms, anyway, when a planet “stations,” or appears stationary against the fixed stars of the night sky? it seems like that planet isn’t moving. while — technically — mars isn’t stationary, he sure appears that way, and more to the point? he feels that way, right at 17° of cancer. that’s an incompatible cardinal sign for nice aries. mars makes everything no so nice, but just at the moment. this week. next week? motion or lack of motion? think that’s the real problem, lack of motion.


you can cajole, canoodle, coerce, or just canvass, but they — non-aries — aren’t moving any quicker. no one seems to understand the sense of urgency. we can’t make them understand it, either, “but i need this like, yesterday!” i know, i understand, but i also, like the other 11 signs, fail to see why this is so critical for aries right at this very moment. it’s mars, in cancer, essentially motionless, and no one will understand your sense of need, or what kind of dire straits this could lead to, or why “right now” isn’t soon enough. helps if you adjust your pace, your speed, and your expectations for the rest of us, to a much slower, non-aries speed. mars. blame mars in an apparent motionless state.
taurus
buddy of mine held up one of my books, about transits and predictive astrology, and asked how he could use it. i tried to explain in a non-technical way, how the planets didn’t stop moving when he was born, and how the planets make angles to stationary points, usually a birth chart, and how those energies play out, for good or for ill. i got blank start back. i learned, in that moment, that some of my work isn’t for the less informed. for a text like that, a certain kind of education, and to me, because i’ve been doing this for so long, it seems obvious and abundantly clear, but that’s me, and like i’ve said, i’ve been at this for a while now. i use that text, myself, when i’m wrestling with an issue, and i’ll look up what i wrote. what i want is reminder, a hint, a push, and it is usually from something i’ve said, done, or written, before. that’s why looking back is the best way forward. scan those notes, taurus, look over what you put down, so you see where you’re headed next.
kramer wetzel’s little book of transits
gemini
my roots started in old east austin when it was a largely latin neighborhood. where i got my start, many long years ago. big grocery store was the first place i was exposed to botanica-style packaging. candles, herbs, and oils. the oils were what interested me the most, but i never won big with the “attract money now,” and “money magnet” oils and candles. there were even sachets of herbs, sold in the grocery store, just like a regular item. maybe i didn’t use them correctly, or maybe i didn’t understand the purposes, or what i think these days, i didn’t understand the way one should set an intention when using that kind of product. moving further south and closer to the borderlands, i encountered a weird conflation of roman catholicism, santaria, and local lore. interesting to me, and one that i look at as an outsider. i got to where i was blending my own oil, and again, the roots are old austin, but i was making this from a base that started with “keep hate away” and some other oils, what smelled like, to me, a dreamsicle  aroma. kind of orange — blood orange — a little vanilla, and something else. my own blend works for me. this about what works, for gentle gemini, and what smells nice enough to wear on a regular basis. something that works, and might have to be your own concoction.
cancer
the last few weeks have been a pressurized balancing act for the moon children, gentle cancer. the balancing act is almost over, and in one hand, on one crab claw, you’ve got a paper plate with a project, and the other side, the balancing act? that’s got a fine china plate with a similar heap of material that demands attention. in this situation, and given you only have enough emotional bandwidth for one? i’d drop the paper plate. less noise, less of a loss, and less of a mess. most of the paper plates don’t shatter. in fact, frequently, that material will just land, face up, on the floor, with a minor amount of spillage. no broken plates, and the singular balance point that needed your attention gets your attention. instead of trying to maintain it all in the face of adversity? don’t hesitate to set down the one that doesn’t count as much. paper plate, no mess, no fuss, and maybe address that stuff at a later date.
the leo
it’s not going to feel like this, but we’re at a kind of halfway-point for the magnificent leo. the shift in directions, think of it as midterm, midpoint, halfway to the destination kind of energy. halfway. not done. not over, but getting there, and there is visible, forward progress — visible, forward progress you can measure. if you measure it, let’s say you use a yardstick, 36 inches, 3 feet? the halfway point is 18 inches, or a foot and a half. we’re at that position on the yardstick of the leo, at the position where we want to be, and think about it like this, we’re, you’re, at the halfway point, and the rest of us are in the middle of the first two months of the new year. that means you’re way ahead of the rest of us. all depends on how you measure where we’re at. i see it as the halfway point, and that puts you ahead of everyone else, although, you might not see, or feel, it yet. halfway.
kramer wetzel’s little book of transits
virgo
a periodic shuffle and reorganization is always in order for gentle virgo. with the plethora of planets posted in pisces, this is a good time to consider options, and perhaps look at that kind of reorganization of matters for delicate virgo.  sometimes, all it takes is shifting material around. i have a universal type of filing system, a zen-inspired, in/out box. it’s one stack, which is long way from my previous organizational methods which called for a stack for each project. but so much of what i do is organized online? there’s very little paperwork, other than some legacy material, or bits and pieces that i like. however, a periodic reshuffle of my in/out box is what this looks like — to me — for virgo. organizational schemes vary person to person, but it’s matter of taking stock of what is on-hand, what is required, what is desired, and what we might need to do next. planning, plotting, and restocking are the central themes for the week. “man, i need more ink for the printer.” see what i mean? 
libra
shop the deals. i can stretch this out into a longer message, but the simplest way to look at it? shop the deals. one of my favorite places to browse is the remaindered section of the bookstore. it’s a haphazard row of books, typically, last year’s hardback best-sellers, some fancy reprints, and couple of throwaway coffee table books. everything tends to be deeply discounted, but again, shop the deals. some are cheap. some are worth it. i found more than one year-old first-edition that fulfilled a hole in my own library, and better yet, it was super-cheap.
“you borrows of books are frequently crooks!” (pink cake)
it’s a matter — for this week’s libra — of just shopping. shopping smart, being aware, and not falling for the retailers tricks like sneaking a high-price item into the stack of cheap books. “$3.99, 4.95, 18.99… wait!” they do that. shop smart, libra, shop smart.
scorpio
there’s always a single annoyance, and the one that gets me? “i know the owner.” it’s a special kind of expression, when i hear that one, because it takes me back down the long dark hallways of my own experience. in this example? i was standing outside of a business i owned, it was my name on the incorporation papers, and no one else. “kramer wetzel.” since these were legal incorporation papers, hidden in a perfunctory llc (type) of arrangement? wasn’t publicly available. so i’m standing there, one evening, and a couple of “bro” types start hassling me because they know the owner, and i should treat them differently. i did treat them different, as the sole proprietor, i refused them service. “but i know the owner!” i suggest you call that person up and complain about how you were mistreated. since then? i’ve been a solo show, and that helps. i don’t have to answer to anyone except directly to clients. much easier like that. two scorpio take-away points, 1) don’t try and bluff your way forward, and 2), don’t make claims that are patently false.
kramer wetzel’s little book of transits
sagittarius
when i lived on the shores of the colorado river in austin? i used to fish, almost every day. the old adage, “can’t hit a moving target?” after a typical torrential tropical rainstorm, i would be fishing with specific pole and bait combination, less trying to fish and more trying to improve my casting skills. i would target a leaf, or some other flotsam, and try to hit that as it floated by, aiming to land the bait right on top of it. it’s a skill used in tight quarters while fishing, and one i didn’t get to practice too much because there wasn’t an abundance of available targets. having a moving target helped with the idea of this as a training exercise for my close-quarters fishing skills. in a boat, up a creek, in the summer, when the lazy fish aren’t too hungry, but will snap at something that drops right in front of them? perfect skill set and this week presents sagittarius with an array of moving targets that are good for practice and training.
capricorn
for years, maybe even decades now, i’ve encouraged clients to have a list of questions, ready, when i sit down for a session with them. i can wing it, because i’ve done this for a while, and i can intuit certain passages from a chart and the transits of planets against that chart. however, it helps if there is a line of questioning, one wants to pursue. notes. talking points. bullet points. pick a specific topic and drill down, hone in, get granular about that one subject. the position of the planets in pisces suggests granular capricorn action, and that, to me, seems to start with list-making.
“yeah, i’m making a list: list of people i want to avoid, and you’re at the very top.”
see? at least i’m on the list, and near the top, too!
aquarius
the advantage of years, and the rheumy way i can look backwards? i can easily see mistakes, problems, and issues that are simple enough to correct. under a separate cover, i’ve seen the idea floated about using the good china, use the good silver. another one i thought about in this situation, similar, “use the art supplies.” one media post was about “use the good notebooks,” and that hit a nerve with me. i’ve long since used a particular size and brand for an abbreviated daily note with doodles, drawings, random thoughts, quotes, phone numbers, and targets. the targets can be (self) micro-managing bulleted list items, or more generalized, design ideas. but the trick is? use the good notebooks, or, where i was going with this, use the art supplies. bought a bunch of stuff to use on a project, never did it, and now, there’s a pile of material left unused. with the shift and directions from all the pisces flavors? for aquarius? use the art supplies. use the good paper. fill up that old notebook with ideas, rough sketches, and shaky wireframe models for your own future.

in other words, aquarius? “use the good china.”
kramer wetzel’s little book of transits

get these horoscopes delivered via e-mail.

see this week’s scorpiohoroscopes for 2-18-2025the faculty lounge 

use of this site (you are here) is covered by all the terms as defined in the fineprint, reply via e-mail.

© 1993 – 2025 kramer wetzel, for astrofish.net &c. astrofish.net: breaking horoscopes since 1993. it’s simple, and free: subscribe here.







books
contact
hotlinks
privacy policy




































 




