



rvtraining







































































rv-training  








 with
alex de dominicis









revised 2-16-2025

















                click here for rv-7 training                 









i have trained numerous future rvers
63% of the pilots i have trained are professionals; airline and military pilots. they understand the benefit of rv transition training for their safety. one of these pilots stated, “every time i flew a new aircraft i spent many hours of training; this is the most important airplane in my life, my personal airplane, i could not see flying it without proper training.”
i have over 2,900 hours of rv time; began giving flight training in 1991 in the chicago area, and have been a van’s insurance-preferred rv flight trainer since 2001. my first rv was completed in 1998. i did not anticipate that my wonderful flight machines would end up being used as a tool for others’ flying safety.
this is not my full-time job; rather, it is my passion. i am a check airman for the faa and before that, an air traffic controller at the fort worth center for 22 years. i live at eagles nest, a fly in community just 23 miles south of dallas.
here is what one pilot said:
 alex,  i just arrived home from the training we did today.  i really appreciate your approach to instruction.  i intentionally did not tell you today that i am a cfii for two reasons.  the first was that i did not want to influence your evaluation of my flying (being a cfi means that i am suppose to be able to teach not necessarily be an ace pilot!).   the second was that if i did perform poorly i did not want to be doubly embarrassed.  i have taken a lot of flight training and given some too.  in my experience with flight instructors i would put you up at the top.  
i really appreciate the way you look at the safety of the flight.  upon completion of the training i feel perfectly comfortable flying an rv-6 or rv-6a (i am building a 6a as you know).  we both realize that flying is a continuous learning process.  your instruction was an excellent transition from the world of cessna flying to the world of rv flying.  i appreciate the clarity of instruction and the good judgment you displayed. 
i highly recommend your transition training. 
george v. goff
col, usa (ret)
                                        additional testimonials here 








emailalex@rvtraining.com
phone972-775-1896






































































