


















boat registration & renewal | mississippi department of wildlife, fisheries, and parks





      skip to main content
    














online boat registration and renewal are unavailable at this time.



dismiss alert













 











menu








close







main navigation






            licenses and permits
          




go to licenses and permits page









licenses and permits




 purchase a license




boat registration & renewal




hunting & fishing license prices




permits & applications




hunting license requirements




fishing license requirements




mdwfp vendor / agent locator




mdwfp hunting & fishing app










 














            wildlife & hunting
          




go to wildlife & hunting page









hunting resources




season dates




game check




hunting rules & regulations




hunter education & safety




wma draw hunts




feeding times & moon phases








wildlife management & research




chronic wasting disease information




wildlife management areas




private lands




nuisance wildlife




wildlife research




wildlife rehabilitation








species programs




alligator




black bear




white-tailed deer




dove




falconry




furbearing & trapping




quail




rabbit




squirrel




wild turkey




waterfowl




wild hog










 














            fishing & boating
          




go to fishing & boating page









fishing information




public fishing lakes




fishing rules & regulations




boating rules & regulations








angler resources




fish i.d. guide




fishing reports




lake depth maps




state fishing records




ramps, piers, & bait shops




fishing tournament reports




feeding times & moon phases








programs




community fishing assistance




environmental




fish hatcheries




freshwater commercial fishing




pond assistance




public waters








education




boater education




youth fishing rodeos




visitor education center










 














            parks & destinations
          




go to parks & destinations page









plan your visit




find a state park




state park accommodations




park reservations




events








state park activities




camping




fishing




hiking




water parks




water sports




mountain biking




disc golf




golf




more...








information and resources




state park fees & rules




recreational trails




outdoor accessibility




faqs








grants and projects




outdoor recreational grants




park projects










 














            museum of natural science
          




go to museum of natural science page









plan a visit




visitor information




museum events




field trips




group tours




birthday parties








explore




seasonal exhibit: mindbender mansion




exhibits and features




learn with us




science, research, and collections








more information




about the museum




summer camps




volunteer










 














            enforcement & education
          




go to enforcement & education page









law enforcement




report a violation




rules & regulations




regional offices




law enforcement careers




officer courtesies








scholastic programs




archery in mississippi schools




mississippi scholastic shooting program








educational programs




hunting education & safety




boater education




youth programs








shooting facilities




mcivor shooting facility




turcotte shooting facility




mchenry shooting facility









 













            mississippi outdoors media
          




go to mississippi outdoors media page









mississippi outdoors




mississippi outdoors tv




mississippi outdoors magazine




mississippi outdoors podcast




mississippi outdoor digest




social media platforms










 














            news & events
          




go to news & events page









events






news








 











            
            rules & regulations
          




go to rules & regulations page






hunting & wildlife




hunting rules & regulations




wma rules & regulations




trapping regulations








fishing & boating




fishing rules & regulations




boating rules & regulations




freshwater commercial fishing




reciprocal agreements








parks & destinations




mississippi state park fees & rules




shooting range rules & regulations








comprehensive rules & regulations




proposed rules & regulations




rules & regulations on record




administrative code - title 40




ms code
















            
            about us
          




go to about us page






learn more about




the mississippi department of wildlife, fisheries, and parks




commission on wildlife, fisheries, and parks




annual reports




career opportunities




accessibility




support us
















            
            contact us
          




go to contact us page






learn more about




report a violation




commenting on proposed rules




follow us on social media




public information request




bid opportunities






















license, reservation & more














close







buy licenses & permits







            purchase your hunting license
          








            purchase your fishing license
          








            campground reservations
          








            boating registration
          










search






search























breadcrumb


home



licenses and permits



boat registration & renewal







boat registration & renewal

















 

notice: online boat registration and renewal unavailable at this timeonline boat registration services will be unavailable until february 18. during this period, all motorized boat registrations must be completed in person or by mailing a boat registration application along with required documents and payment to mdwfp headquarters (1505 eastover dr., jackson, ms 39211).acceptable payment methods include check, cashier’s check, money order, or cash (if mailed). forms are available at local tax collector’s offices, boat dealers, mdwfp regional offices, and mdwfp headquarters.for assistance, please contact mdwfp boat registration at (601) 432-2055. we appreciate your patience and encourage early submission to avoid delays.






additional resources




general boating rules & regulations






boater education






boat registration application (individual)






boat registration application (business)






boating handbook






boat title application






motor title application






boat inspection form






 

boating registrationmississippi law requires all sailboats and every undocumented vessel equipped with propulsion machinery, whether or not such machinery is the principal source of propulsion, using the territorial and navigable waters of the state of mississippi to be registered and numbered for identification.  no person may operate or give permission for the operation of any boat powered by machinery unless it is registered and numbered in accordance with the law.  the owner of any vessel required to be numbered has ten (10) days from the date for acquisition to register the boat.fees for the award of certificates of number for original, transfer, renewals, livery, dealer and duplicate shall be as follows:less than 16 feet: $10.9916 feet but less than 26 feet:  $25.9926 feet but less than 40 feet: $48.4940 feet and over: $48.49dealer number: $40.99duplicate boat registration: $8.49



 

frequently asked questions


 




how do i register my boat?






for all motorized boats, you have complete a boat registration application, attach any necessary documents, sign and mail the paperwork to mdwfp headquarters (mdwfp boat registration, 1505 eastover dr. jackson, ms 39211). acceptable payment methods are check, cashier’s check, money order, and cash if mail your boat registration into the mdwfp headquarters location. you can get a boat registration application form from:any local tax collector’s officemost places where boats are sold or servicedmdwfp regional officemdwfp headquarters in jacksonif you purchased your boat new / used from dealer, you must:provide a copy of the sales invoiceif the boat was purchased at an out of state dealer, proof of payment of mississippi sales tax must be included. (mississippi sales tax can be paid at your local tax collector’s office)if you purchased your boat from an individual who previously registered/titled the boat in mississippi, you must:submit proof of previous registrationsubmit the original boat/motor title(s) (if the boat was titled in the previous owner’s name)submit a witnessed or notarized bill of saleif you purchased your boat from an individual who previously registered/titled the boat in another state, you must:submit proof of previous registrationsubmit a copy of the boat title (if the boat was titled in the previous owner’s name)submit a witnessed or notarized bill of sale**the boat registration application requires a hull identification numberthis number should contain 12-digits if the boat was manufactured after november, 1972. boat manufactured prior to 1972 will have a serial number. if your boat does not have a 12 digit hull identification number or an incorrect hull identification number, your boat must be inspected by an mdwfp officer. you must complete a mdwfp boat inspection form (click here) and reach out to a regional office nearest you or the jackson office.north regional office, location: 457 cr 36 enid, ms 38927 (mailing address: p.o. box 100 enid, ms 38927 (662-563-6222)central regional office, turcotte lab, 506 hwy 43 s, canton, ms 39046, (601-859-3421)south regional office, 1201 n. clark ave. magnolia, ms 39652, (601-783-2911)mdwfp headquarters, 1505 eastover dr. jackson, ms 39211, (601-432-2055)once we receive and process your boat registration application, required documents, and payment, we will issue you a boat registration card, which states the registration number assigned to your boat, and two decals. the emblem should be displayed within six (6) inches of the number. registration numbers issued by mdwfp are the boat’s permanent identification. the same registration number will be used as identification if the boat is transferred to a new owner. you must keep your boat registration card onboard of the vessel when in operation.






 




how do i renew my boat registration?






once a boat is registered, a notice to renew your boat registration will be mailed to the boat’s owner by mdwfp 60 days before the expiration date. for convenience and faster service, you may renew your boat registration:in-person: wherever hunting and fishing license are soldby phone: call the boat registration office at 601-432-2055by mail: mdwfp boat registration, 1505 eastover dr. jackson, ms 39211you should notify mdwfp's boat registration office of any address changes.






 




how do i get a duplicate boat registration card?






if your boat registration is current and your boat registration card or boat decals are lost, stolen, or you simply need an additional card, you may purchase a duplicate:by phone: call the boat registration office at 601-432-2055.by mail: mdwfp boat registration, 1505 eastover dr. jackson, ms 39211you should notify mdwfp boat registration of any address changes.






 




how long is my boat registration good for?






boat registrations are valid for three consecutive years, beginning the day the boat is registered. the expiration date is printed on your boat registration card. you have 60 days prior to the boat expiration date to renew your boat registration. if you have recently purchased a vessel, you have 10 days from the date of purchase to complete the registration process under the new owner's name.






 




how do i get a boat and/or motor title?






boat and motor titling is available in mississippi. the boat must be registered before being titled. you must complete a boat and/or motor title application, sign, and have the application(s) notarized. you can obtain a boat and/or motor title at the mdwfp headquarters only. you can complete this process via mail or in person at the mdwfp headquarters. mail the title application(s) to mdwfp headquarters (mdwfp title department, 1505 eastover dr. jackson, ms 39211). acceptable payment methods are check, cashier’s check, money order, and cash if mailing your title application(s) into the mdwfp headquarters location. you can pick up a boat and/or motor title application form from: mdwfp regional officemdwfp headquarters in jackson






 




how do i get a duplicate boat and/or motor title?






if requesting a duplicate boat and/or motor title, you must furnish information concerning the original title and the circumstances of its loss, theft, mutilation or destruction. you must complete a boat and/or motor title application, sign, have the application notarized, and attach your statement as to why a duplicate is needed. you can obtain and duplicate boat and/or motor title at the mdwfp headquarters only.mdwfp title department, 1505 eastover dr. jackson, ms 39211you can get a boat and/or motor title application from: mdwfp regional officemdwfp headquarters in jackson






 




where do i get my trailer title?






mississippi department of wildlife, fisheries, and parks do not title boat trailers. your boat trailer can be titled at your local county tax collector’s office.






 




what is my boat registration number?






during the processing of your boat registration at mdwfp headquarters, your boat will be assigned a number to be displayed on your boat. this number consist of both alphabetical and numerical numbers (ex: mi-1234-ab). this number will be on the boat registration card that is mailed to the owner of the boat. when mdwfp issues a registration number, that number is permanently assigned to that boat and remains as identification. the same registration number will be used as identification if the boat is transferred to a new owner. you must keep your boat registration card onboard of the vessel when in operation.your registration number consists of three parts:symbol “mi,” which designates mississippinumerical group, having a maximum of four digitsalphabetical group, having a maximum of two letters.each part shall be separated by hyphens or equivalent.






 




what is the proper display of my registration number?






your registration number shall be painted on or attached to each side of the bow of the vessel for which it was issued. the numbers shall be placed on each side pf the forward half of the vessel in such position as to provide clear legibility for identification. the numbers shall read from left to right and shall be in block characters of good proportion, not less than three inches (3”) in height. the numbers shall be of a color which will contrast with the color of the background and so maintained as to be clearly visible and legible, i.e., dark numbers on a light background, or light numbers on a dark background. no other numbers shall be carried on the bow of such vessel. the decals should be displayed within six (6”) inches of the numbers.






 




what do i do if i sell my boat?






when you sell your boat, you are required to inform mdwfp headquarters by:by phone: call the boat registration office at 601-432-2055you must provide the new owner a copy of the current registration. the new owner must complete a boat registration application and provide the appropriate documents to transfer the registration. the original numbers issued to that boat will be transferred to the new owner.






 




what do i do if my boat was lost, stolen, or abandoned?






if a numbered boat is stolen, lost, or abandoned, the owner should first report it to the local authorities having jurisdiction. then it should be reported to mississippi department of wildlife, fisheries, and parks' boat registration office by contacting 601-432-2055.






 




how do i get a duplicate boating education card?






to obtain a duplicate boating education card, you can purchase online (click here) or you can mail your information along with a check or money order in the amount of $3.00 to mdwfp boating education, 1505 eastover dr. jackson, ms 39211

















 









footer


staff portal


accessibility


contact us


privacy policy





 +16014322400  1505 eastover drive, jackson, ms 39211



copyright 2023-2025 mississippi department of wildlife, fisheries, and parks, all rights reserved.









































