








home - edmonds unitarian universalist congregation














































































skip to content





search for:




search










google map
directions from your current location 
edmonds unitarian universalist congregation8109 224th st sw, edmonds, wa 98026(425) 778-0373 land acknowledgment let us remember that our congregational home,this site on which we gather, is placed on the ancestral lands of the snohomish people, who have inhabited this region of the salish seasince time immemorial, and who continue their livelihoods on these lands today. may we all live and learn -- humbly -- as allies to the snohomish.









edmonds unitarian universalist congregation
gathering together, nurturing the spirit, living our vision of a just and sustainable world 



facebook youtube instagram 
donate
directions
search

sunday service:  10:00 am








toggle navigation
menu 



main navigation
i’m new 

what are you interested in?
membership information and classes
what to expect in sunday services
virtually visiting euuc
visiting as a family
reach out
location and accessibility


 who we are 

about us
our mission and vision
our beliefs
our values
ministers and staff
transitional ministry
our elected leaders
our governance
queer and lgbtq welcoming congregation


 families 

visiting as a family
learning philosophy
religious exploration registration

religious exploration registration form


children, birth through grade 9
youth, grades 9 through 12
child dedications
family ministry playlist


 gathering together 

events calendar
social justice events
euuc room and zoom reservation requests
adult enrichment and covenant group programs

registration for adult enrichment classes & covenant groups


music and choir
seabeck reatreat and august campout
annual auction
safe gathering and precautions 2024-2025
volunteer
instructions for sunday volunteers
small groups


 social justice 

social justice overview
social justice events
community engagement
advocates for women
peace & justice
racial justice
sunday offering
nominate a recipient for the sunday offering


 news 

this week at euuc
events calendar
social justice events
publicity requests form
commuunicator archives


giving 

give to euuc
make a pledge (2024-2025)
the social justice fund


reach out 

reach out
location and accessibility
rental of our building


member resources 

arms around committee
euuc room and zoom reservation requests
room calendar
publicity requests form
safe gathering and precautions 2024-2025

letter about covid protocols for 2023-2024


chalice lighters
fundraising
resources for euuc processes
euuc website login
breeze login


 









  







 

next servicethe light gets insunday february 23 10 am in person and 9:50 am onlinerev. nancy reid-mckeeall of us have faults, cracks and broken places. these can be growth areas that make us stronger, healthier and more beautiful. rev. nancy will talk about this and relate it to her lifetime artistry as a potter.
on-site in chapman hall and live-streamed at www.euuc.org, and the euuc youtube channel
first time visitor?live streamservice archive please visit this week at euuc for more information. check here for our current safe gathering guidelines.
 



who we arewe are brave, curious, and compassionate thinkers and doers. we are diverse in faith, ethnicity, history and spirituality, but aligned in our desire to make a difference for the good. we have a track record of standing on the side of love, justice, and peace.
learn morethis week @euucwe are gathering together and nurturing our spirits throughout the week. join us for sunday services in person or online via our homepage or youtube. check our news page to discover other ways we are gathering throughout this week. we look forward to seeing you!
learn more 

what we dostanding for love, justice and peace since 1957, we gather for worship, programs, events and more.
learn moreour shared valuesunitarian universalism is a living tradition and we've adopted new language to describe who we are. read more about it here.
learn more 

gathering togetherwe bring a passion and desire to see change. be prepared to exercise your mind and open your heart. together we can make the most change.
learn moreput your values into actionat euuc you can make a difference with others who are passionate about social justice issues. learn more about what we're doing below and in our weekly news.
learn more 



recent newsfebruary cause of the month – elevated access  january 27, 2025resources for: a conversation on gender  january 6, 2025the euuc 2025 lobby room opens for justice in washington!  january 6, 2025see older postsevents




euuc men's collective



20 feb 25



edmonds








poetry writing group



23 feb 25



edmonds








euuc welcomes melanie demore the weekend of february 28



28 feb 25



edmonds



all events 

social justice news﻿ 

listen with us – pat humphries, sandy o & melanie demore 


“keep on moving forward/sigamos adelante” ©1984 pat humphries, moving forward music, bmi spanish translation by liliana herrera, amy bank and others

pat humphries ~ vocal & tambourine sandy o ~ vocal & caxixi

melanie demore ~ vocal & hand-clapping

robin burdulis ~ congas, surdo & caxixi

daryn roven ~ audio editing sara st martin lynne ~ video editing

recorded may 2020 during shelter-in-place from woodland ca, oakland ca and brooklyn ny
 








 


edmonds unitarian universalist congregation8109 224th st sw, edmonds, wa 98026(425) 778-0373 land acknowledgment let us remember that our congregational home,this site on which we gather, is placed on the ancestral lands of the snohomish people, who have inhabited this region of the salish seasince time immemorial, and who continue their livelihoods on these lands today. may we all live and learn -- humbly -- as allies to the snohomish.welcome to edmonds unitarian universalist congregation 

to read about our ministerial transition process.
 












				© 2025 edmonds unitarian universalist congregation				


facebook youtube instagram 
privacy policy
reach out
events calendar















