







diminished value claims and appraisals in silver spring, md










































































































              home
            

            services
          

            diminished value 
          

            total loss value
          

            market value reports
          

            pricing
          

            faqs
          

            about
          

            privacy
          

            location
          



        free claim review
      







































































homeservicesdiminished value total loss valuemarket value reportspricingfaqsaboutprivacylocation







auto appraiser - baltimore, washington dc, maryland, northern virginia 




free claim review









scroll






 

has your car been in an accident?its value may have substantially decreased, even after it has been properly repaired. use our expertise to help recover your loss by making a diminished value  {dv} claim.




    [click here] to request a free dv claim review
  



orhas your car been totaled?if your car was declared a total loss, maybe the insurance company did not offer you the fair market value. use our expertise to help recover your loss by making a disputed value claim.

 


    [click here] to request a free disputed value claim review
  











 we are the diminished value claim and auto appraisal experts. we are based in silver spring, md and cover all of the dmv area!reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc an industry leading appraisal service based in silver spring, md, serving the dc metro area and northern virginia. since our founding in 1986, we’ve provided expert vehicle appraisals for diminished value reports, total loss / disputed values and actual cash value / fair market value reporting. we analyze the condition and fair market value of your vehicle prior to a loss, to provide fair and equitable service to all parties involved in the claims process. our experience includes everything from insurance claims to classic cars appraisals, with clients spanning private individuals, local governments, fleet accounts, attorneys and more.



has your vehicle been in an accident? call us for a vehicle appraisal!



is the value of your vehicle in question? it happens all the time—usually when it comes to determining insurance payouts, accident related damage, stated value policies, resale prices or valuation for legal purposes (estates,  divorce, etc) . you know your vehicle is worth more than you’re being told it is, but you’re not sure how to prove it. the first step is to call reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc for a certified vehicle appraisal. we are diminished value experts!  whether your car was declared a total loss or an insurance company isn’t valuating it accordingly for a policy, we’re standing by to help our clients in silver spring, maryland, dc and northern virginia—from private vehicle owners to fleet accounts and beyond. we use our expertise to help you make a disputed value claim and recover any lost value you’re otherwise not being compensated for! our clientele includes:private owners  	private attorneysrental fleet accountslocally-owned private dealershipsself-insured local governments and municipalities



our vehicle appraisers are at the top of the appraisal industry, the best of the best, affiliated with reputable organizations within the automotive industry and proven  expert witnesses in court. whether its classic car appraisals, collector car appraisals, or even vintage and antique car appraisals; the value we give you is the true one: one you can take to the bank. we even work with attorneys and organizations in silver spring, maryland, dc and northern virginia in complex cases, to provide steadfast valuations. several large insurance carriers even pay claims based solely off the calculations contained in our reports. all you may have to do is submit our report!  we have superior training and expertise that makes us the leading 	authority in the area.we’re i-car trained and ase master certified to assess the value of vehicles post-collision condition.we’re a respected member of the naaa and part of the j.d. power advisory board for classic and collectible cars.our experience is proven! we’ve testified in over 90 court cases regarding auto values.we’ve provided vehicle appraisal services for broad clientele since 1986. 



we are the diminished and disputed value experts!has your vehicle been involved in an accident that was not your fault?if you answered yes, and even if your vehicle has been properly repaired, then the chances are that your vehicle has sustained diminished value.has the insurance company made you an unfair offer for your totaled vehicle?if you answered yes, you most likely have the right to fight their offer, even if you were at fault for the loss.your solution? simple, just request a diminished or disputed value report from reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc and submit it to the insurance carrier involved.




    request a free claim review now
  



why choose us?



certified reports – all reporting is done by an ase master certified and i-car platinum pro-level 3 certified collision damage appraiser and technician.  our reports can be given to insurers, attorneys and private buyers with confidence.  	respected and accredited – 	we’re a member of the national automobile auction association (naaa), the j.d. power classic and collectible advisory board (formerly nada) and a candidate member of the american society of appraisers (asa).official sales data – we deliver easy-to-understand reporting, supported by official sales data from all available sources including manheim auction, j.d. power (formerly nada) and other legally recognized vehicle sales data sources as well as independently researched vehicle market surveys.v-car technology – all diminished value reports are supported by our own v-car technology, backed by superior data and decades of experience to ensure the most accurate possible valuation.  	highly individualized approach 	– we take a common-sense approach to vehicle appraisal, calculating value based on extent of actual physical damage, industry accepted vehicle condition ratings and real, independent sales data specific to your vehicle. 



 experienced - we have performed thousands of diminished value claims for private owners, 	private attorneys, local automobile dealerships, state and local governments, several local utility providers, and several locally 	managed national rental fleet accounts.nationally recognized - our reports have been recognized by several of the nation’s largest insurance carriers.legal experience -  we’ve provided expert witness testimony on behalf of plaintiffs and defendants in over 90 trials in both district and circuit courts in maryland and virginia, as well as u.s federal court and at the maryland insurance administration.fair valuations - we are not advocates; we are vehicle appraisers. our only interest is in providing accurate and fair vehicle market valuations to both public and private clients across all industries and situations.  in house appraisals -  all of our appraisals are handled in-house and certified by our appraisers. by choosing to work with our company, you can significantly raise the chance of success with your claim. if you decide on inexperienced or improperly trained appraiser, it can exponentially cost you more in the long run.



 get a real valuation feeling lowballed by your insurance company for your diminished value or total loss claim?need a vehicle market valuation for an estate or divorce? want to make sure your classic car is insured for the right amount? contact reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc to schedule a vehicle appraisal today. 








what customers are saying














“mike was amazing from start to finish. the appraisal was very thorough and accepted by the insurance company without hesitation. they are an established company that is reputable. do not hesitate to do business with them! thanks again mike!”

— kb joe k.














“michael did a very thorough inspection of the car and found some minor repair issues that i hadn’t spotted. he gave me a very detailed report. the diminishment of value appraisal gave me a good bargaining tool and i was able to negotiate a higher amount of money from the insurance company than i would have gotten without it. the insurance company also reimbursed me for the fee that i paid for the appraisal.”

— jesse s.














“michael was helping me with diminished value claim. really liked how he works. very high level of professionalism and he absolutely doesn’t mind  answering lots of extra questions and share his experience with insurance companies/claims/etc. he was genuinely trying to help me and i really appreciate that. hope i’ll never go through dv process again but i highly recommend michael and amy to those people who need help.”

— dmitry p.














“they were extremely professional. they were very up-front about the whole process, how long it would take, what to expect from the car insurance company (which was spot-on), prepared an extremely detailed report, and mike even spent a few minutes on the phone with my insurance company to help explain the methodology of the report and why the car insurance (adjuster) was inexperienced and extremely incorrect in their counter valuation/appraisal.”

— morty g.














“mike is awesome. we met when he came out to do a diminished value claim on my car. he was hired by the company of the person who hit me. i had solicited two other local appraisers before filing my claim.  one of them was okay, the other a total moron. even though mike was not working for me he still impressed me way more than the other two guys. he spent time with me and explained much about the repair process, the claim process and was generally a great guy to talk to. i’ve recommended him to anybody and everybody whose willing to listen and he will be my go to guy in the future.”

— andrew h.














“i used reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc to get a report so i could file a diminished value claim after i was rear ended.  mike is very thorough and after taking a look at my repair bill, made a suggestion that i bring the car in for an in person inspection as that would fit my needs and specific circumstances.  the report was very in depth and the at fault insurance paid out the entire suggested amount with no haggling.  i’m very pleased with the outcome and would highly recommend this company to anyone going through the dv process.”

— jean h.














“at the time of my accident, my car was only 4 months old and had approximately 2000 miles on the odometer (2016 honda accord touring).  i received my diminished value report which i then submitted to (the insurance company) in late december.   mike was easy to contact and gave me great advice regarding the diminished value process.  he advised that  (the insurance company’s) last offer was still below market and so i filed a complaint and took (the insurance company) to small claims court.   (the insurance company) decided to not settle prior to the court date so during the trial i submitted my diminished value report to the judge and was awarded the full amount of the diminished value.if you are seeking a diminished value report, don’t hesitate to contact mike at reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc.  mike is thorough, professional and knowledgeable about the process.”

— chris l.














“great job, mike. i used reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc after my wife had an accident to obtain and use towards a (diminished value) claim. the company was thorough, provided a detailed report, and was easy to work with. definitely recommend using reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc if you are involved in an accident where you were not the at fault party.”

— james w.









 

our clienteleour client base consists primarily of the private sector, including:private owners private attorneysrental fleet accountslocally owned private dealershipsself-insured local governments and municipalitiesand as our reports and methodology have become more popular and respected in the industry for their fairness and accuracy, they have been increasingly requested directly by the nation’s largest insurance carriers as well. several large insurance carriers even pay claims based solely off the calculations contained in our report. all you may have to do is submit our report. learn more about reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc﻿













we do not jeopardize the quality of our product by employing outside appraisers who do not have sufficient expertise in this field, are not ase or i-car certified and are not affiliated with highly respected industry sources such as j.d. power and naaa.






    request a free dv claim review now
  

 


    request a free disputed value claim now
  








home - welcome



home - intro



home - testimonials



home - intro (copy)










we service the following cities, counties and states

cities (not limited to)

silver spring
chevy chase
bethesda
rockville
gaithersburg
germantown
frederick
clarksville
potomac
annapolis
baltimore
glen burnie
reisterstown
waldorf
arlington
alexandria
reston
leesburg
mclean
manassass
dale city
chantilly


counties

montgomery
washington
frederick
carroll
howard
loudoun
fairfax
prince william
stafford
prince george's
charles
st. mary's
calvert
anne arundel


states

maryland
virginia
washington d.c.






reed appraisers
silver spring, md 20906,
united states
(301) 946-6116
admin@reedappraisers.com


hours
mon 9am - 5pm
tue 9am - 5pm
wed 9am - 5pm
thu 9am - 5pm
fri 9am - 5pm
sat closed
sun closed



























































 



































 

homepricingfaqsaboutrequest a reportcontact




copyright 2024 - reed auto appraisers & diminished value experts llc



website by level 7 websites









