


home - northwest quilters, inc.


























skip to main content











member loginmenuhome about us calendarguild activities comforting quilts community outreach new members quilts of valor small quilt groups business member directory join us contact us quilt show 2024






we appreciate your interest in northwest quilters!
feel free to browse our website to learn more about our guild.
 







northwest quilters, inc.
presents
“cozy cabins”
made by members of nwq
machine-quilted by
streamline quilting
log cabin block quilt
size - 49”x 65”  value - $500


drawing on september 27, 2025 3:30pm
festival of quilts
at wingspan event center
attendance not required to win
2,000 tickets printed
tickets - $4 each or 3/$10



 



explore guild activities for a glimpse into the diverse projects and events at northwest quilters.


 guild meetings take place on the second monday of each month, 
except for july when there is no meeting. 
meetings in odd-numbered months begin at 9:30 am, 
while those in even-numbered months start at 7:00 pm.
all meetings take place at 
immanuel lutheran church, 
located at 7810 se 15th ave, portland, oregon.
we look forward to seeing you at our next meeting.



during the winter season, northwest quilters adheres to the weather-related closures of portland public schools.
please verify any closures before heading out to meetings or workdays.
upcoming eventsupcoming eventsgo to fred meyer community rewards and link your card to either northwest quilters, inc. or bs498. 
every time you shop, you receive your fuel points, and a donation is sent to the guild.make an impactsupport northwest quilters, inc with paypal. 100% of the donations go to the guild, no deductions, no fees. 
log into your paypal account, scroll to the bottom of the page, to “set your favorite charity”.  select northwestquilters, inc. 
when you use paypal to purchase, you can click the donate button and $1 will go to the guild or donate any amount you wish.
thank you for your support.








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









