















save a dog, inc. - a holistic minded humane society located in massachusetts


























events




available dogs




available cats




pets coming soon




apply to adopt





donate now










 












follow @saveadoginc















home

apply to adopt


contact info

how to volunteer

about us

holistic dog

info for dog owners

donations

recently adopted

success stories

in memory of


dog friendly places

pet humor

poems & stories

local rescues

local shelters

giving up a dog?

newsletters

events gallery



lost pets

feral cats









          last updated:
2/19/2025
           







                you can make a difference!
                volunteer

                      if you are interested in volunteering, please visit our
                      how to volunteer page.



















get a free pet insurance quote from healthy paws and help a homeless pet today!






































visiting hours:02/19/25 - 02/25/25
wednesday, 02/19/25
                  										store hours are 10-4 weekdays and 10-3 saturdays.  for adoptions, please submit the application online as we're not staffed for drop-in showings.
thursday, 02/20/25
                  										store hours are 10-4 weekdays and 10-3 saturdays.  for adoptions, please submit the application online as we're not staffed for drop-in showings.
friday, 02/21/25
                  										store hours are 10-4 weekdays and 10-3 saturdays.  for adoptions, please submit the application online as we're not staffed for drop-in showings.
saturday, 02/22/25
                  										store hours are 10-4 weekdays and 10-3 saturdays.  for adoptions, please submit the application online as we're not staffed for drop-in showings.
sunday, 02/23/25
                  										closed today
monday, 02/24/25
                                                      store hours are 10-4 weekdays and 10-3 saturdays.  for adoptions, please submit the application online as we're not staffed for drop-in showings.
tuesday, 02/25/25
                                                      store hours are 10-4 weekdays and 10-3 saturdays.  for adoptions, please submit the application online as we're not staffed for drop-in showings.
















































 






















































 pets who need sponsors








jolly
update: jolly is out of the hospital and doing well in her foster home. she came down with aspiration pneumonia, but is doing well now and needs a home. otherwise she is a very healthy puppy and will make someone a wonderful dog! here's her bio: i'm jolly, a six-month-old, 35-pound shepherd mix who came to the shelter with my sister, holly. like her, i'm well behaved and clean in my kennel. i am very playful and love running around the shelter yard, even in the snow! i'm the shyer of the two but am very friendly with all the volunteers. i'm a happy pup. i'm spayed and microchipped and ready to find a loving home. please apply at https://www.saveadog.org/applytoadopt.asp and someone will get right back to you right away.

                                                       









sponsors:


nancy diessner
natasha longo
rebecca tarby


ira montague
craig zuckerman
carl goldstein


susan hom
brenda reznik
polly patterson


adriana larriera
violet forney
heather forney


annette hatton
nancy bombard
marina kaplan


jennifer gasser
beverly hobbs
ellen monahan


lorna cohen
robert forney
elizabeth athan




























paws in the park 2025



may 4th, 2025
10:00am - 3:00pm
                                                (rain or shine)
                                                longfellow's wayside inn72 wayside inn roadsudbury, ma 01776
for more information click here!












tweet














































now available!rescued dogs 2025 calendar



available online and in our retail store for only $15.00!
                                                   click the button below to order yours!
(for quantities of 15 or more, please contact us by email at 
                                                   saveadog@saveadog.org)



























pathways for paws legacy brick walkway!




our latest phase of legacy bricks has been installed. thank you once again to minebrook landscaping llc for doing a beautiful job of creating a new section of walkway! 
you can now order a brick for our next phase, which will happen some time early fall 2025. 
by purchasing a legacy brick, you are not only honoring loved ones but you are inspiring our visitors to see the value of pet adoption and to take a chance on a pet in need.
the message that our guests receive as they stroll up the pathway is both inspiring and powerful.

to order a brick, go to www.bricksrus.com/donorsite/saveadog. a 4x8 brick is just $150 and an 8x8 brick is $300.
	
you can pay via paypal, or mail a check to save a dog, 604 boston post road, sudbury, ma 01776, attn. pathways for paws.

thank you for your continued support of this life-saving work!



























meals-on-wheels for pets



                                                "when the economy is tight and resources are scarce, people sometimes are forced to make
                                                difficult decisions about caring for their pets," says shirley moore, president of save a dog.
                                                "we have seen an increase in the number of local dogs turned in due to financial hardship and
                                                want to help prevent a pet from losing their loving home because their owners are struggling
                                                with finances. therefore, we launched a meals-on-wheels-for-pets program that would benefit
                                                pet owners who are suffering financially due to limited income or job loss."
                                                
                                                our goal is to provide dog and cat food for the pets before their owners reach a situation that would
                                                cause relinquishment of the pet. this program is for those in our community who have lost a
                                                job or means of income. the program will include seniors who are eligible for, or typically
                                                receive, meals-on-wheels and we have reached out to the local councils on aging to offer our help.
                                                many seniors are feeling the pinch of rising health care costs and most are reluctant to ask
                                                for help. these seniors are also prone to feed their own meals-on-wheels to their pets so we
                                                want to offer them a high quality pet food that will ensure their pet is getting a nutritious
                                                meal. many seniors live alone with only their pets to keep them company. they depend upon these
                                                animals for their mental and emotional well-being (as do those who have suffered the loss of a
                                                job). relieving these pet owners of the financial burden of pet food supports a happier,
                                                healthier environment for both the owner and their pet. this program provides a service that
                                                is not currently available in this area.
                                                
                                                if you know of a pet owner in need, please email us
                                                at meals@saveadog.org and if you would like to make a donation to this program, please click
                                                on the link below or mail a check to save a dog with meals-on-wheels in the memo portion of the
                                                check.
                                                




































save a dog, inc. is a massachusetts-based humane society whose focus is abandoned dogs. we take in dogs of all breeds, sizes, and shapes who have become homeless for one reason or another. we work with animal shelters in ma as well as out of state. with millions of pets being abandoned each year, we try to maximize the number of dogs we can save at once, so we work with several rescue organizations in rural parts of the country where there is a pet overpopulation, hence pets in danger of euthanasia due to lack of resources. save a dog incorporated as a 501c3 nonprofit in 1999 and our shelter is located in sudbury, massachusetts. we have used foster homes as well as the shelter to house and show our rescued dogs. we try to make the best match for applicant and dog.

to date we have rescued and adopted over 8,000 dogs. we offer education to our adopters on how to use natural supplements and a good quality food to care for the new dog or pup. we offer on-site puppy kindergarten classes for our adopters during the months when the weather is favorable. we send our rescued dogs home with an adoption contract that ensures the dog will never again end up in a shelter again. our dogs are up to date on vaccinations, and we educate the adopters not to over-vaccinate as we know that this can lead to immune deficiency problems. we use a combination of homeopathy and conventional medical as our veterinary protocol. we advocate positive reinforcement training for dogs and obedience training is a requirement for all dog adopters. 

we are privately funded via donations. we charge an adoption fee, but it is not enough to cover our operating expenses, so we hold several fund raisers per year to stay afloat and keep the dog rescue work going.

our shelter is small and we cannot accommodate drop-in visits at this time. if you would like to meet our rescued dogs, please fill out an application and we will send you the next steps. if you have additional questions, the best way to reach us is via email to adoptions@saveadog.org.





























join our email list
email:  























for email marketing you can trust















 



























  sat feb 22, 2025  10am-noon 



join us for a meet and greet at wag n' wash, 1173 main street, concord on saturday, feb. 22nd from 10am-noon.   we will have several... (more)

































































              do your everyday shopping on the internet and automatically donate a portion of those purchases
              to help save more dogs.
              


              when you shop through these companies, a percentage of your purchase will be donated to save a dog.
              
more companies




















featured reading




homeopathic care for cats and dogs - revised edition


                       by don hamilton, dvm














 





top of page




 

home |
        donations |
        about us |
        volunteering |
        apply to adopt |
        recently adopted |
        success stories |
        rescue stories
 meet the volunteers |
       on line shopping |
        info for dog owners  |
        pet humor  |
        rescues organizations |
        local shelters |
        giving up a dog? 
 newsletters |
        events gallery |

 lost pets |
        in memory of |
       feral cats |
       contacts |
        events |
        available dogs |
        blog


 



save a dog, 604 boston post road, sudbury ma, 01776voice: 508-877-1407 or 978-443-7282
      fax: (877)349-9254
email: adoptions@saveadog.org



 



[ site map ]    [ privacy policy ]
site designed and maintained by pegasus web designs



copyright © 1999-2025 save a dog inc. all rights reserved.



