





glossy car, wet sanding, paint polishing, color sanding, wetsand, show car wetsanding





make your car "jaw dropping"
        glossy! 


corky stanton
professional paint leveling specialist 

the "orange peel" look on your car's paint will be gone forever. it is impossible for it to ever come back! 
wet sanding is a practice that should only be performed by those who have honed their skills. the clear coat on your car is about as thin as a sheet of paper. so you have to be careful. 
  get a museum quality paint finish through a four step polishing process. we take off just the highest points of the paint's finish keeping it still very protected but smooth, super glossy and looks like a mirror. 

 call, email or text me for an appointment: 559-642-7381.    we can work  at your location. mostly california. we love to travel! if we can't come to you, call us and we will find someone nearest to your area that is highly skilled and qualified to work on your car. we know the best people all over the united states!  


look at the finish on your car, if you see "orange peel" in the  finish, 
    and you can not see yourself in it like a mirror, then it needs wet sanding. 


wet sanded on the left below: 

 
click on photos below to see examples
    of amazing shine after wet sanding!


   
 
see more photos and/or discuss this on our facebook page (like us to see more photos!)





i use special lighting in my garage for wet sanding and polishing paint.


paint polishing specialist
    - 30 years experience - wet sand the "orange peel" away from a new or old car and get the
    wettest looking mirror finish. besides looking flat and glossy like glass, it is also smooth to the touch! 
 it is a true art and a time consuming
    process, but you will get a very wet  looking mirror-like shine. minimize "orange peel", repair scratches and defects.  
 wet sanding and polishing prices for most vehicles:
our goal is perfection! we mask off edges and wet sand the paint usually with 1500 grit sand paper to remove "orange peel" on brand new, older cars or freshly painted cars with a good clear coat. also known as color sanding. when we remove "orange peel", most all scratches, swirl marks, water spots and other paint defects are also eliminated. we then use a rotary machine with a cutting compound to remove the 1500 grit sanding marks. after that we machine polish with ultra fine polish for a wet looking mirror finish. we then finish with a long lasting sealer and carnauba wax that is very smooth to the touch. job #1 and 2 makes your car look better than new. it's perfect for increasing the value of your car for resale. let's make your car a masterpiece! prices are discussed in advance and are subject to change based on your vehicle. call, email or text me for an appointment. we love to travel. mostly california. we can work remotely at your location! (travel expenses may occur) 


1. museum quality  $3,500 - remove most all "orange peel" except sensitive, unnoticeable and thin clear coat areas. polish and finish to an extremely shiny, wet, mirror look.
    2. car show quality $1,500 - remove "orange peel" in main visible areas, polish and finish to an extremely shiny, wet, mirror look. 
    3. show room quality $800 - remove most all scratches, swirl marks, water spots and other paint defects. "orange peel" is minimized somewhat. polish and finish to an extremely shiny wet look while still leaving most all of the protective clear coat. 
4. polish angel cosmic installed on your paint $300 - the most durable, glossiest, glass like protected available! easiest to keep clean. not "squeaky" feeling like other ceramic glass coatings, but super smooth to the touch! lasts about two years. 1, 2 or 3 must be performed first to prepare the paint. polish angel cosmic seems to be the most durable, scratch resistant and you can re coat it anytime! it's not cheap, the bottle on your left costs $209, our cost. see scratch test in video below. 

    5. polish angel rain  installed on all of your exterior glass $100 - lasts about two years! it's like rainx on steroids! it provides a clear, thick glass like protective coating over glass to keep windshields cleaner and clearer.  the coating is resistant to wiper blades and outlasts ordinary glass sealants. dirt is less able to stick. insects and ice are easier to remove. no smears caused by wiper blades and allows them to glide noiselessly over the smooth as ice glass. at only 20 mph you will see rain beading away! we machine polish the glass to prepare it for this treatment. hint, for spot free results, never put tap water or store bought windshield fluid in your washer fluid. just put distilled water in it. that way it leaves no water spots when you wash your window with your wipers!!
 some cars we will not wet sand if the clear coat is too thin or the paint is too hard and baked on. some cars, mostly european cars, have super hard baked on paint on the front and lower half of the car to help prevent rock chipping. the hood, doors and other areas can still be wet sanded. 
please watch this must see video: 





        some people say factory finishes do not have enough clear coat to sand and you will not have enough protection if you sand. 
if the lowest point of the clear coat is enough to protect the car then if you sand to that point and no further then you car will look its best and still be protected. 
        the secret is to never sand any more than the lowest point of the clear coat. see illustration below: 


          a car should be wet sanded once and once only! after the "orange peel" is gone it will never come back. if the paint gets "spider web" scratches from incorrect car washing, it can be polished away without ever sanding. plus the clear coat on most cars is not thick enough for more sanding. 
many expensive cars like bentleys,
    lamborghinis, etc. are hand sanded and polished at the factory. gm, ford, chrysler, honda, toyota, etc.  do not wet sand the final
    clear coat because it is too much work. now your new car can have a mirror
    finish also. (your
    average detailer does not have the expertise for wet sanding paint).



it's like getting a new car! 
costs  may change under  the following
conditions are always pre-approved by my clients:


paint over spray, tar, tree sap or excessive
bugs

heavy oxidation

deep scratches
extra large vehicles
repainted 
previous sand or polishing that may need repair 


this lincoln navigator is wet sanded but when you buy one at a dealer is is usually not: 


i get calls all the time about what products i use so, you asked for it! here are some of the products i use in general but not always, it depends on the car.  many are recommended for professionals only. it takes more than just knowing what product to use. it can take years of training. some never get the hang of it or do not have the patience. it is an art. 
i use carpro denim orange peel removing pads. the denim pads have been a game changer for me, they equal 2,000 grit sandpaper.  they remove sanding marks and orange peel.  for tough jobs with the pads i use a flex pe14 rotary polisher with a lake country 4.75 inch rotary backing plate using meguiar's m105 ultra cut compound. for polishing, i use a rupes lhr 21es (or  15es) big foot random orbital polisher using meguiar's m205 mirror glaze ultra finishing polish and finish with meguiar's d30116 da microfiber finishing wax, a good blend of polymers, silicones & carnauba for durability, high gloss and fingerprint resistant smooth feel. 



        3m 05791 hookit 6" disc hand pad

        3m 02088 trizact hookit 6" p1500 grit clear coat sanding disc

  3m 02085 trizact hookit 6" p3000 grit foam disc 

        rupes lhr 21es big foot random orbital polisher

        rupes lhr 75e mini random orbital polisher


other products i use: 



        detailing clay - safely restores a smooth-as-glass feel to your paint by removing bonded contaminants from the surface.

        complete wash system with dolly will save your paint. with grit-guard.

        spotless rinse - water de-ionize. leaves no water spots. 

        air wand. for scratch less drying. 

        rupes swirl finder pen light


see more photos and/or discuss this on our facebook page (like us to see more photos!):

in florida, please visit mike phillips at autogeekonline.net
    see what mike said about me!
link to us with this banner. thanks!




glossycar.com
po box 191 
          bass lake, california 
50 minutes north of fresno, south of yosemite national park 
559-642-7381 e-mail:  
cs&#64corkystanton.com

copyright © 1996 - 2014, glossycar.com all
rights reserved.






