






state college, centre county, penn state area lodging | the keller house bed & breakfast





























































		skip to content











					the keller house
				

 





main menu
 


homebreakfast galleryexplore centre countypenn state football lodgingpa grange fair lodgingcontact & booking 

 
 







 










the keller house








a welcoming b & b located in charming centre hall, pennsylvania





our victorian-style b & b is convenient to penn state university and all state college pa attractions.








click here to book a reservation




















welcome to the keller house





in picturesque centre hall pa, only minutes from penn state university, the keller house is a cozy bed and breakfast noted for its warm hospitality and attention to detail. 
























a delightful 1887 home in the village of centre hall, pennsylvania










in picturesque centre hall, only minutes from the penn state university, the keller house is a cozy bed and breakfast noted for its warm hospitality, delicious breakfasts and down home ambience.
you will be surprised how many inviting sites there are around us. come stop by penn state university in university park, state college, penn’s cave, the local wineries or the various antique stores. come marvel at the fall foliage while driving along the numerous mountainous roads. check out the horse shows and the numerous musical and art festivals throughout the spring, summer and fall. centre hall is especially known for its grange fair the last two weeks in august. each trip to centre hall promises to be a treasured memory.























lodging convenient to state college, pleasant gap and bellefonte, pa










our inn is a lovingly renovated late 1800’s victorian style home, transformed into an enchanting home with 5 themed bedrooms, each with its own bathroom and a central sitting room downstairs. and for those that simply must stay connected, wireless high-speed internet is provided free for our guests.
we are confident that you will have a peaceful, comfortable stay. our back patio pond will mesmerize you with the constant hum of a cascading waterfall, color flashes of gold and koi fish, and a bull frog or two, which will always liven up the soundtrack of your evening. you may never want to leave.





















































abundant dining, shopping and entertainment options are nearby.










for those who are fond of italian food try brothers pizzeria located right next door. they serve not only pizza but a variety of italian foods.
less than a mile away are 2 other restaurants: the overlook grill, featuring a breathtaking view of penn’s valley and the express, which offers new orleans style fare. dollar general is about 1 mile away for all those last minute needs.
another 1/4 mile away south along rt144, are two gas stations, sheetz and snappy’s. each stop also offers prepared food and small meals to order.
we provide muffins and/or cookies along with access to keurig drinks, water or soda upon each guest’s arrival.

















rave reviews...
















tom was the perfect host! we stayed at the b&b for the springsteen concert at bjc after everyone else had tripled their rates. warm and...									



 read more »

      










val p










what a great place to stay!  we were visiting family in eunice, and this property gave us great access to the whole southern region...									



 read more »

      










mario rocha










we stayed in the garden suite. very nice 2 room suite with a full bathroom. the grounds are not very large but there is a...									



 read more »

      










steven golle










tom and his brother were wonderful hosts! they went above and beyond during my stay, and the house is wonderful. i stayed in the charlotte...									



 read more »

      










lyndsey androstic

























b & b room gallery















each of our romantic, victorian rooms are unique and each feature a private bath.






hover over the images for room details. or, contact us to check availability for your dates.







 




 




 




 




 























welcome to the romance suite!relax in our spacious, cozy and inviting room with a queen size bed, 2 queen anne chairs and a 2 person jacuzzi tub and its own private bathroom. this room is situated on our first floor as an added plus for those who rather not walk up/down the stairs. 




book now


 



						the romance suite		
















welcome to the waterfall room!this quiet, private and serene room with its queen size bed is nestled on our first floor tucked away from the community room and the other rooms behind the kitchen and alongside our backyard pond.  this room also includes its own private bathroom. 




book now


 



						the waterfall room		


















welcome to our garden suite!this bright, colorful and energizing room reflects the pleasure of spring and summer. it overlooks the quaint main street of centre hall and provides a spacious queen size bed and a pull out full size sofa bed and its own private bathroom. 




book now


 



						the garden suite		
















welcome to the general's hideaway!currently there is a civil war theme but soon this will be revitalized. this is a perfect fit for 2 travelers who need their own space with 2 twin beds and of course with its own private bathroom. 




book now


 



						the general's hideaway		


















welcome to the charlotte room!awaiting you is a room with its own private bathroom, a queen bed and queen anne chair in the midst of an amish decor; their lifestyle reflected throughout scenes in centre county. this room also overlooks the quaint main street of centre hall.  




book now


 



						the charlotte room		






















close to penn state and all centre county attractions





in picturesque centre hall, only minutes from the penn state university, the keller house is a cozy bed and breakfast noted for its warm hospitality, delicious breakfasts and down home ambience. 










contact us




















breakfast gallery





join us for a home-cooked, hearty breakfast! 






take pleasure in a delicious breakfast in our family style dining room at the common table. we begin with a hot beverage of your choice, juice and fresh fruit. then enjoy one of our hearty entrees such as strawberry stuffed french toast, spinach and feta quiche, egg casserole, and for those penn state football attendees - blue and white pancakes. all entrees are served with two meats such as: turkey sausage, pork sausage, turkey bacon, bacon, scrapple, ham or pork roll. we are happy to oblige to special dietary needs such as gluten free, diabetic, vegetarian or other specialty needs. if an earlier breakfast is needed just let us know. enjoy the company of new-found friends and start your day energized.





















 


omlette with hash browns and sausage









 


penn state pancakes:blueberries with white chocolate









 


coffee & tea is always available









 


breakfast is made fresh and served family style.









 


spinach & feta quichewith sausage and hash browns









 


strawberry stuffed french toast





















inquire today!







have a question about centre county attractions or lodging for a local event? click here to send a message, or call us at 814-364-2225.










contact us now!











book now!





































the keller house












a welcoming, family-friendly b & b located in charming centre hall, pennsylvania, convenient to penn state university, state college, penns cave, pleasant gap and bellefonte, pa






contact us to schedule your reservation!












 




888-554-2588814-364-2225 










 




info@kellerhousebb.com 










 




109 w. church st, centre hall, pa 16828 














 







						copyright © 2024 · the keller house

wordpress website by provirtual solutions llc 

























contact us now!

book direct with us!
experience fall's splendor in centre county!












 









scroll to top























