









premier marina on lower chesapeake bay! best marina virginia | southall landings marina















































home
who we serve
local attractions
contact us
photo gallery
amenities
resource links
 










slip rates
transient fees
services
additional amenities
find us
 




















welcome to southall landings marina, the best value on the chesapeake bay









slip rates
transient fees
services
additional amenities
find us
 

















welcome to southall landings marina, the best value on the chesapeake bay












boat slips available ! call now and enjoy our competitive rates!
no liveaboards or wooden boats.
a marina built for boaters
our convenient location in hampton offers the best, most direct access to the chesapeake bay in the area. be fishing or sailing in just minutes! no long channels, no bridges or tunnels. just round the bend and be in the bay! our classic feel and warm family atmosphere will be a wonderful place for your boat to call home.
sailors
for sailors, southall landings marina provides some of the best day sailing imaginable. as soon as you leave the marina, you’ll be in the chesapeake bay where you can spend all day just sailing.
amenities
boaters can also enjoy many amenities such as tennis, swimming pool, clean showering facilities, free wi-fi, ship’s store and more. check out our amenities page.
social events
we have many social events throughout the year, such as tgif parties on the piers, many southall landings marina yacht club events, fishing tournaments and power and sail cruises.


our marina is in a gated
community. call
757-850-9929 prior to your arrival to get a temporary gate access code!
 
active captain 1st choice marina
southall landings marina is an active captain 1st choice marina.
slips & dingy docks
the marina has over 180 slips and can
accommodate power and sail vessels up to 50 feet
dinghy docks are also available to store your dinghies or kayaks for quick, easy access for cruises through the many creeks with its abundance of wild life or to the nearby sandy beaches.
expertise
the knowledgeable dock master and staff are sail and power boaters themselves with over years of boating experience. they are here to help with everything from finding the best fishing holes, to cruises, to keeping the marina and boats safe, to finding service personnel to work on your boat, and they also keep their boats here.





remember life is better on the water at southall landings marina, the best value on the chesapeake bay






 
our rates



 
some of our amenities


 
location


 
marina events










weather









tides
marine forecasts
noaa
wind direction/speed










forecast
radar
photos 

cameras
news
travel 





southall landings marina333 mainsail dr., hampton, va 23664
ph: (757) 850-9929email: southallmarina@slm.hrcoxmail.com© copyright 2017







web design hampton va visionefx





