







spa central
























































              home
            



                skin care
              



                body care
              



                products
              



                about
              



                contact
              















              home
            



                skin care
              



                body care
              



                products
              



                about
              



                contact
              


















welcome to spa centralspa central offers exceptional spa treatments in a relaxing and quiet environment. professional estheticians offer skin care that is personalized and thorough.  





consistent care of the skin produces visible results just as a healthy diet and exercise do. 

 











skin carefacial treatments are designed to enhance a long-term skin care program. your esthetician will determine the type of facial and products that are specific to your skin needs.see skin care services













productsproducts used at spa central are chosen for their natural and effective ingredients to get your skin feeling and looking radiant and to enhance its regenerative and healing properties.shop products













body careindulge in body treatments to improve circulation, promote a healthy glow, and help eliminate toxins. keep your skin smooth and hair-free with our waxing services. see body care services



booking your appointmentwe are currently booking 6 months in advance,to book an appointment call (530) 758-7400—cancellation policy  spa services are reserved, we require 24-hour advance notice when canceling or rescheduling an appointment. appointments canceled or rescheduled with less than 24-hour notice will be charged 90% of the value of the scheduled service. credit cards may be required to book an appointment. if you have a gift certificate on file, 100% of the service fee will be deducted from the gift card balance. appointments canceled 7 days before will be subject to a 20% charge for the appointment. for appointments changed on the day of, you will be charged for the services scheduled. all professionals at spa central reserve the right to refuse service.                                              new client policyyou are considered a new client if you haven’t been seen within 2 years*. a $50 booking fee is required to book the appointment for services $75 and over, for services under $75, a $25 booking fee is required. the fee is non-refundable if you cancel (see cancellation policy). if you cancel/reschedule before the 24-hour policy this fee will be applied to your rescheduled appointment or returned to you. the booking fee is applied to your service. if you have a gift card and are a new client*, the booking fee will be returned if you cancel before 24 hours, or once your service has been redeemed. booking fee payments should be made through venmo @kelli-fuller 1065, or apple pay 530-902-1065. there are no exceptions. late/ no-showbe on time for your appointment, if late text us at 530-902-1065. if late, your service may be shortened and you will be charged the full amount of the service. 15-minutes late will be considered a no-show and you will be charged 90% of the services scheduled to be paid before scheduling your next appointment. our policies ensure we can provide the full service while respecting the staff and client’s time—your cooperation is appreciated.












 products 





beauty + nature

 

spa central uses is clinical for skincare treatments. these multitasking skincare solutions offer excellent benefits for a wide variety of skin types, ages, and genders. products are available to purchase for at-home use and as gifts. please see our shipping & returns policy

 










 gift cards 





a gift of well-being



gift cards are available for purchase at spa central ($100 minimum). please see availability before purchasing a gift card.gift cards will be honored for the purchased service for one year from the purchase date. if there has been a price increase, you will be responsible for the remaining amount. if purchased for an amount and not a service, there is no expiration and the amount is applicable toward any service. please note: gift cards do not ensure the preferential scheduling of appointments. gift cards must be presented at the time of checkout and a copy sent when scheduling the appointment. spa central will not refund gift cards for any reason and cards can not be transferred from one client to another. coupons can not be used towards a gift card purchase. in the case of missed appointments, gift cards on file will be charged for the service total. please consider spa scheduling and the length of time for an appointment prior to purchasing a gift card—there are no refunds. gift cards purchased at spa central may only be redeemed for services with kelli fuller, no exceptions. please note, i am currently booking 6 months in advance, if you would like to be added to a waitlist please contact me directly at 530-758-7400. purchase a gift card











currently booking 6 months in advancenot accepting new clients for massageto book an appointment call (530) 758-7400—we accept: visa, mastercard, american express, venmo, apple pay, cash, checks






back to top




shipping & return policy




testimonials




terms of service




privacy




spa central, 1111 kennedy place #6, davis, ca, 95616(530) 758-7400spacentraldavis@gmail.com

























subscribe
sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.




email address






stay in touch





we respect your privacy.
thank you!





©spacentraldavis 2020









