








taxtips.ca - the facts on tax for canadians























ads
          keep this website free for you.

  taxtips.ca does
not research or endorse any product or service appearing in
          ads on this site. 
 before making a major financial decision you 
 should consult a qualified professional.
          



welcome to taxtips.ca

taxtips.ca

 canadian tax and
 financial information




taxtips.ca
  home

what's
  new








links
  & resources
site map /
          navigation 

need an
          accounting, tax or financial advisor? look in our 
          directory.  use above search box
    to easily find your topic!   stay connected with
taxtips.ca!


taxtips.ca - canadian tax and
              financial information
if you want to be
              retired at 50, read this!
how can taxtips.ca help you?
our free in
      30! page will provide you with the plan we have used in
      our life to attain financial freedom.  we haven't always followed the plan, but
      we managed to retire at fifty after starting married
      life with nothing.  okay, we're not retired anymore - this website is
      pretty much a full-time job!
see our site map for a list of all the main web pages on our site.  to easily
      find any topic on our site, type your search term into the search box
      under the page title near the top of any page.
the resources on our site include the following
      financial planning and income tax planning information and tools:
canadian income tax calculators
                  (including the detailed
                  canadian income tax calculator, and the super simple basic
                  income tax calculator (enhanced), rrsp & rrif
                  withdrawal calculators, mortgage
          and other calculators to help you determine how
          much tax you will pay,  how long your money
          will last, and how to cut your interest costs.  
 our detailed canadian
                  income tax calculators include employment income, dividend income and
          dividend tax credits, capital gains and other income, as well as most
          tax deductions and personal tax credits.  cpp and ei premiums are
          also calculated by our income tax calculators.
get
                  out of debt now! - this is the most important advice we
                  can give you.
canadian income tax information
          - tax laws and how they apply.
income tax rates 
          (marginal tax rate tables) for every
          province and territory, with tax brackets and tax rates.
non-refundable
          personal tax credit tables for canada, provinces and territories.
  rrsps and rrifs -
          information and rules regarding contributions, holdings and
          withdrawals.
government
                  benefits, programs and services - links to information on services provided by the federal and
      provincial/territorial governments, for seniors, persons with
      disabilities, low-income,
      children, families, students and
      others.
information on investing in
          stocks, bonds etc., including the tax consequences
          of different investments.
real estate information,
          including what happens if you rent out part of
          your home, build a new house for resale, or move
          into a home that you previously held as a rental
          property.
resources for
          seniors
resources for persons
          with disabilities
sales
          tax information, including gst, hst and provincial retail sales
          taxes.  
business page which
          provides links to tax forms, information on
          setting up a business, rules re business expenses
          including automobiles, and automobile taxable
          benefits, corporate income tax rates, and much more.
covid-19 resources,
financial support
 we hope the information on
      our website will make you a better money manager, and
      help you become financially independent.
tax tip:  make
your money work for you instead of you working for it, and get out of
non-tax-deductible debt as quickly as possible.

revised: october 29, 2024

the browser does not support javascript. please access the web page using another browser. 






 
 

copyright © 2002
  boat harbour investments ltd. all rights
  reserved.  see reproduction
  of information from taxtips.ca 

facebook
   | twitter
   |  see what’s new, stay
  connected with taxtips.ca by rss or email
  the information on this site is not intended to be a
  substitute for professional advice.  each person's situation differs, and
  a professional advisor can assist you in using the information on this web
  site to your best advantage. 
  please see our legal
  disclaimer regarding the use of information on our site, and our privacy
policy regarding information that may be collected from visitors to our
site.








