






property appraisal estimator & real estate cma | us home value








































































skip to content





 

home
what’s my house worth?
sample report
order form
rental comps & rent analysis
cartcart 






 

home
what’s my house worth?
sample report
order form
rental comps & rent analysis
cart













u.s. home value reportfast property appraisal emulations for homeowners & real estate investorsget startedsee sample 








    fast receive our standard home value report within 24 hours, any day of the week.    accurate unlike automated valutaion models (avms), our estimated values are determined by experienced “human” valuation processors.    affordable get a comprehensive home value report starting at just $39.95, perfect for buyers, sellers, and investors.    stop guessing! find out the value of a home without spending hundreds on a property appraisal. whether you’re buying your first home, selling a property, or investing in real estate, we provide detailed home value reports, backed by a thorough comparative market analysis, delivered within 24 hours.    how we work        we know real estate the best  comparative market analysis-based appraisal emulation. see why there’s nothing like having a real pair of eyes take a look at what automated valuation models fail to see. see a sample report       how we estimate property values… we take our job very seriously and research each property using a variety of tools and resources depending on the jurisdiction. the key to our success rests in how we analyze the subject and various types of data.          begin with the basics we first gather information from you regarding the subect property. even if you don’t own the property, there may be a few facts you’re aware of that might be helpful as we evaluate data from other properties.          assess the assessor we read the property tax appraiser’s assessment. why? because in addition to corroborating characteristics, there’s sometimes important valuation clues that can be uncovered, especially when reviewing comparable sales.          read the remarks in addition to owner comments, the remarks by agents that are shared publicly are extremely useful. after all, in the absence of detailed photos, its how one would discover the kitchen countertops and cabinets have been updated.          count on the comps we’re very selective in terms of how we use area property listings and sales to perform a comparative market analysis. dozens of properties are often reviewed as we consider local market trends and statistics.     stop guessing! get your report.   get started today       what is a cma? a comparative market analysis (cma) is the process of comparing the building and lot characteristics of area sales against the features of a subject property like:    condition & age the sales price of a comparable property is affected by its condition. building & lot size it’s common to pair one property’s size against another and its cost. location & view having a home next to railroad tracks can affect a property’s value. amenities big discrepancies among area sales make a big difference, like a pool.      automated valuation models why are avms wrong? the problem with popular real estate website estimates is that they rely solely on reported data and statistics. so what happens if the data is insufficient or incorrect? here are just a few examples why avms are unreliable.    condition unknown avms cannot analyze photographs and notes to see there’s a 1979 kitchen. inaccurate data larger building areas are often mistakenly entered for smaller living areas. missing data online listings often fail to report square footage and rooms – look for yourself  location & view avms cannot distinguish between a fairway and the back of a neighbor’s house.     rental comps & rent analysis now offering a  u.s. rental value report for landlords receive five rental comps with a rent analysis to estimate the monthly value of a property. rental value report      








nationwide coverage
us home value blog
tenant screening services
terms of use
about us
contact us
 

always consult with a local licensed real estate professional before relying on any information in our reports. realtor.com® 

ushomevalue.com reports are not to be used as a substitute for an official property appraisal. please read our terms of use. 





ushomevalue.com

©  2025 ushomevalue.com.  






































