







kalkaska rv park and campground








 















































231-258-9863kalkaskarvpark@gmail.comhomeaboutactivitiesprice listgallerymapsamenitiesactivitiesresort mapcamping optionsreservations






homeaboutactivitiesprice listgallerymaps






 













kalkaska campground 
							relaxation, adventure, and escape all combine together at the beautiful kalkaska campgrounds. enjoy our unique outdoor stays with your friends and family.  
							book now


 


incredible rvexperiences 
							gorgeous views, full rv hook-ups, and tons of fun activities that make your rv experience at kalkaska an unforgettable adventure. 
							book now


 


private logcabins 
							leave the hustle and bustle of city life behind and enjoy the perfect log home retreat at one of our quaint camping cabins. (all cabins have both a heater and air conditioning) 
							book now


 







about uskalkaska rv park and campground is a family-owned establishment run by joe and tina cooper along with their daughter jessica. we’ve translated our passion for the outdoors into creating memorable camping experiences for our guests.
kalkaska county is one of the best places in michigan for nature lovers and outdoor enthusiasts. set up a tent or your rv at one of our picturesque locations and enjoy plenty of picnic spots, swimming activities, walking trails, and more. or you can choose to delve into surroundings by visiting local hot spots such as traverse city, torch lake, and the beautiful sleeping bear dunes. whatever you decide, the perfect camping experience awaits you at kalkaska rv park and campground.






campground activities and amenitiescheck out our top-rated amenities and activities to enjoy with your friends and family.





nature trails
campground activities

slip on your hiking shoes and get going!






laundry facilities
campground activities

easy laundry so you can get away with minimal packing.






sleeping cabins
campground activities

fully-furnished sleeping cabins for up to 9 people.  






picnic essentials
campground activities

get bagged ice and wood for bonfires and picnics.






dippin’ dots
campground activities

ice cream with bright colors and futuristic appeal.


book your stay todaywhere to staywhether you’re an rv enthusiast, enjoy spending a night under the stars, or prefer the comfort of your cabin, we’re here to make your experience as pleasurable as possible.

$72-$85per nighthot
cabin rentalsnestled in the woods, we have several cabins that combine the rustic charm of outdoor living with all the modern amenities you need to ensure a comfortable stay.








address:

580 m72 se kalkaska, mi 49646




added:

14.05.18
 
air conditioner guest rooms parking place 



$32-$39per night
tent sitesget up close and personal with all the beauty and wildlife that the midwest has to offer. set up your tent and enjoy the scenic and peaceful outdoors like never before. 








address:

580 m72 se kalkaska, mi 49646




added:

14.05.18
 
bathroom parking place 



$39-$47per night
rv sitesfind affordable and easily accessible rv sites that come with full hook-up and a range of modern amenities designed to make your stay comfortable and relaxing. 








address:

580 m72 se kalkaska, mi 49646




added:

14.05.18
 
bathhouse parking place 


what clients saywe love creating memorable camping experiences for our guests. here’s what our happy campers have to say.


             excellent  based on 209 reviews.                steven ostrowski 2021-07-20     this campground is our favorite! we stayed in the new cabin 5 and we loved it. the owners are so friendly and accommodating. bathrooms are clean and well lit. pool was heated and very clean. thank you for the great stay, we will be back next year!           michael steimle 2021-07-19     beautiful private campground.  pool at main lodge.  lots of hiking trails.  campsite are spacious and equipped with a fire ring for campfires.  utilities are available on many sites, as well as a couple cabins.  our cabin came equipped with dual lofts and also half-size refrigerator, picnic table, air conditioning and heat.

our cabin could potentially sleep 8 people having 6 individual beds and a futon in the main room that could comfortably sleep 2 adults.  note:  the lofts are best left for the kids due to lack of headroom clearance.  futon in main area, refrigerator and picnic tables in main living area, and a semi private master bedroom for the adults.

old growth trees on rolling hills and beautiful scenery. wildlife abound.

this campground exemplifies the best that northern michigan camping has to offer.

i highly recommend kalkaska rv park and campground.
5-stars.           tom fisher 2021-07-17     we found a great camp site           steve cohen 2021-07-16     this camp was fantastic! you can tell that the owners and staff really care about this place and their pride shows. bathrooms were clean, my kids loved the pool and the nature walk was great.           sharon _ kevin covietz 2021-07-14                mike francis 2021-07-14     very nice campground. well maintained and owners are on top of things. nice clean facilities with laundry and pool.           brian i 2021-07-13     cute campground. fits all size rvs. heated pool but closes too soon. really nice getaway spot. the staff are very helpful friendly!           tina rommel 2021-07-10     this was our 1st rv park on our trip around the us. this place is so beautiful and quaint, very woodsy and clean. thank you to joe, tina and jessica for helping us when we arrived and for being wonderful hosts. ❤           kate booth 2021-07-06     excellent campground! the owners are very friendly, sites well maintained, bathrooms very clean! we had a rustic site, and it was a great size! they even deliver firewood to your site! we will definitely be back! oh, awesome pool as well! highly recommend!           christine pion 2021-07-06     love this place! we have stayed twice so far this summer (2021.) clean, heated pool, shady sites, and very kind and helpful owners/staff. (they even gave us free batteries for kids' light-up toys that we bought at their camp store.)          


rules/policieshello campers!we have partnered with a company called sky-web to bring you full-service wi-fi! for a nominal fee ($2 daily, $12 weekly, $30 monthly) you have coverage throughout the entire park up to 4 devices!
*camping rates are based on 2 adults and 3 children under 17 with one camping unit permitted per site (motorhomes, travel trailers, 5th wheels, pop-ups, tents, camper vans, camper trucks etc.). extra guests are charged $5 per person per night.
extra tents on approved campsites are allowed for an additional $15 flat rate fee.
atv's, orv's and/or golf carts are not permitted to be ridden inside the park.
* all rates are subject to change without notice *
pet policies:


pets are welcome with the following restrictions:

no pets are permitted in our cabins.
no pets in the pool area.
do not leave pets unattended at your campsite or in your rv during your absence.
please be a responsible pet owner and cleanup after your pet, bags are available for sale in the office.
nature & walking trails are available for walking your pets. however, pets need to be always kept under human control on a leash.
do not tie your pet to a tree, bush and/or picnic table ever. we care about your pets and would never want them to be injured.
please control barking at all times for the comfort of all guests.
no more than 2 cats will be permitted at any site. any smell or litter problems that is not corrected after a warning is grounds for dismissal.

**aggressive behavior and/or uncontrolled barking will not be tolerated, and you may be asked to leave with no refund if it cannot become so. any owner leaving their pet unattended for hours at a time at their site will be asked to leave with no refund. **
we love your pets so please be a responsible pet owner! local pet laws apply.
thank you for making our campground a nice quiet & clean place for all guests.


check in / check out time:


check-in time:  1pm – 9pm
* late arrivals (after 9pm) please contact the front office for late check-in arrangements before 7pm the day of check in. if you will be unable to arrive during check-in hours, your reservation will be held until noon the following day.

any guest that is a “no call/no show” will be charged minimum for 1 day of their stay.
early check-ins please check with office before entering the park as to avoid traffic issues.
check out time: 12pm for campsites and 11am for cabins.
late check-out: check with office if your site is available. there will be a 1/2-day fee until 5:00 pm after 5:00 pm you will be charged another full night’s fee.
please check with the office before making your final arrangements. thank you.



visitors & overnight guests:


day visitors: must stop at office before entering the park and pay a $2 visitor fee to be assigned a parking permit and obtain a visitor’s day pass. visitors must leave the park by 10pm
overnight guests: must register at the office and pay a $5 fee per person for campsites and obtain an overnight parking pass for the duration of your stay.


payment, refund & cancellation policies:


reservations require a credit card on file to hold. full payment is due upon arrival payable by cash, check or credit card. you may also use your credit card for payment with our online reservation system but note that the entire amount of your stay will be charged at the time of booking.
online cancellation policy:  1 week cancellation notice is required before your arrival date to receive a refund for 1 night + the online reservation fee. all cancellations are met with a nonnegotiable $10 cancellation fee + service charges which are taken out of the refund.
in store cancellation policy: all cancellations will be met with a nonnegotiable $10 cancellation fee up until the day of check in. day of check in cancellations will be charged 1 day minimum of the scheduled stay.
no refunds will be given for holidays/special event weekends, group or monthly reservations.
*refunds due to inclement weather or unused days will not be issued. *






 




kalkaska rv park and campground
a family-owned establishment, kalkaska rv park and campground is dedicated to creating memorable camping experiences for nature lovers and outdoor enthusiasts. we offer tent camping locations, rv sites, and cabins for your stay.


about campabout us
activities
gallery
contacts



contact us
for reservations, call
231-258-9863
email:
kalkaskarvpark@gmail.com
kalkaska rv park & campground
580 m72 se kalkaska, mi 49646


activitiesheated pool
tetherball
a playground for the kids
game room
walking trails
 kalkaska campground © 2025. all rights reserved.









covid-19 regulations



to prevent the spread of covid-19, we are asking that campers follow the following guidelines:

maintain at least 6ft of social distancing and masks are recommended in buildings that are open to the public. (office, bathhouse, laundry facility)
our bathhouse will be open, and we will continue an aggressive cleaning/sanitizing schedule.
the dump station is open for use, and we recommend rv campers remain as self-contained as they possibly can. our honey wagon will continue to run on mondays, wednesdays and fridays for a $10 fee, contact the office to schedule.

happy camping and welcome back!
call (231) 258-9863 for questions/reservations!
 

x






upcoming events
national trout festival (april 24 – april 28)
national cherry fest (june 29 – july 6)
traverse city film festival (july 25 – july 30)
bell’s iceman cometh challenge  (november 2)
halloween weekend october 4-5 (locals welcome!)
free line dancing lessons with vern! (@verngauthier8221) june 15, july 13 & aug 17
*outdoor movies in the park (weather permitting) every saturday night!


			×			













































