











unitypoint health - blank children's hospital






































skip to content























set my location










                            set my location
                        











providing your location allows us to show you nearby providers and locations.



location (city or zip)





set









use my current location







clear














myunitypoint




pay bill




privacy policy








i'm looking for...




site search










submit site search





















find a location




find a service




find a doctor




join our team












get care now










about us




patients & visitors




giving




news & articles















site search










submit site search
















menu
close












unitypoint health - blank children's hospital











                                                                            1200 pleasant streetdes moines,  ia 50309
                                                                        














                                                                            515-241-5437
                                                                        

(main phone)













                                                                            515-241-5127
                                                                        

(fax)











current hours: open 24 hours




























information
number of patients waiting reflects the current number of patients waiting to be seen. this number changes frequently and is not exact.








in this section











unitypoint health - blank children's hospital







in this section


patients and visitors


pediatric inpatient unit


neonatal intensive care unit (nicu)




center for advocacy & outreach


healthy kids program


child assault prevention (cap) program


child passenger safety


technician training and resources




safe kids iowa


fire safety house


hannah geneser learning center & safety store


medical outreach




child life


kid captain


pediatric palliative care









unitypoint health


find a location


unitypoint health - blank children's hospital







                more information about unitypoint health - blank children's hospital
                






patients & families

pediatric inpatient floors

advocacy & outreach

ways to give









about us

blank children's hospital, a service of unitypoint health – des moines, is completely dedicated to meeting the unique health care needs of children. blank children's creates an environment that embraces and encourages families to be a part of their child's healing and recovery. everything from equipment to decor is designed specifically for children.

committed to family-centered healing, caring and teaching

at blank children's hospital, we embrace a family-centered care philosophy where families are recognized as the most important part of a child's healing process and are encouraged to be actively involved in patient care as the constant in children's lives. from spending the night in their child's room to family space and play areas, blank children's hospital is full of amenities to make family involvement easy and comfortable.
our care philosophy has shown that children are less anxious, require less medication and recover faster. 
key features

medical equipment just the right size for kids.
décor that's designed to be soothing to children and families.
private, spacious inpatient rooms, which comfortably accommodate overnight stays by a family member.
variety neonatal intensive care nursery - one of the first level iiib neonatal intensive care units anywhere to offer private rooms, enabling neonatal specialists to maximize each newborn’s growth and development potential while giving families the amenities necessary to stay and bond with their newborn.
pediatric intensive care unit featuring the latest in pediatric critical care technology and treatment.
hematology/oncology unit where children in need of cancer treatment or hematology care are admitted.
private conference rooms where families can meet with staff and make important decisions.








hours & location details




hours of operation



monday: open 24 hours
tuesday: open 24 hours
wednesday: open 24 hours
thursday: open 24 hours
friday: open 24 hours
saturday: open 24 hours
sunday: open 24 hours




view map






unitypoint health - blank children's hospital











services offered




search for a service, condition or treatment at this location

search





featured services & treatments





unitypoint health - blank children's star center







unitypoint health - blank children's star center









unitypoint health - blank children's pediatric therapy - des moines







unitypoint health - blank children's pediatric therapy - des moines









unitypoint health - blank children's orthopaedics







unitypoint health - blank children's orthopaedics









unitypoint health - blank children's neurology







unitypoint health - blank children's neurology









unitypoint health - blank children's cancer and blood disorders







unitypoint health - blank children's cancer and blood disorders









unitypoint health - blank children's psychiatry









unitypoint health - blank children's psychiatry









unitypoint health - blank children's rheumatology









unitypoint health - blank children's rheumatology









unitypoint health - blank children's surgery









unitypoint health - blank children's surgery









unitypoint health - blank children's pulmonology









unitypoint health - blank children's pulmonology









unitypoint health - blank children's psychology









unitypoint health - blank children's psychology










see featured services











no services found!refine your search filters to help find a service. 



search tipscheck your spellinglimit the length of your query











additional services




pediatric palliative care









blank children’s palliative care – shine program (sharing, healing, inspiring, nurturing, enduring) provides perinatal and pediatric palliative care services. the shine program is able to offer care to patients and families in the hospital and at their homes. palliative care recognizes that everyone in the family is affected when one member is ill. this care aims to improve the quality of life in physical, psychological (mental), social, emotional and spiritual ways.
pediatric palliative care - shine team 










related locations







set your location










                                    set your location
                                











providing your location allows us to show you nearby providers and locations



location (city or zip)





set









use my current location







clear















previous





next










going beyond our walls
through our center for advocacy and outreach, we have created several programs to help encourage health and safety among children and parents. our primary initiatives include safety and injury prevention, community health and medical outreach. our medical outreach team travels across the state to provide education for health care professionals and emergency medical services personnel that care for children in the most critical moments. our goal is to ensure that all children in iowa get the highest level of care when they need it most.
        


community commitment




pediatric residency program









we are one of two hospitals in the state training future pediatricians. in doing so, we help ensure children into the future have access to specialized pediatric care.
pediatric residency program 






medical training









our medical training is not limited to our residency program. we offer future nurses, pharmacists, radiology technicians and child life specialists the opportunity to learn and develop their skills. in doing so, we help to ensure iowans have access to the best in pediatric care for years to come. 






center for advocacy & outreach









we believe in caring for all kids - those within our hospital walls and beyond. programs that reach across our state are targeted in the key areas of advocacy, injury prevention, community health and medical outreach.
center for advocacy & outreach 






specialized pediatric care









we are committed to offering children access to specialized pediatric care. we are continually recruiting for new providers to join blank children's hospital in areas of need for patients.                                    






quality care









our health care providers are delivering high-quality care to patients. quality care means patients get better faster and need less hospitalization. we strive to provide the best outcomes for every patient, every time we see them.                                    






financial assistance









no child is ever turned away. we will provide care to any child in need, regardless of ability to pay. we work with many insurance providers, state programs and those without insurance to ensure they get the care they need.                                    



















lgbtq+ healthcare equality leader

                                    creating a welcoming experience and environment is at the core of our mission, vision and values. we believe healthcare equality is paramount in being a leader in our community and beyond. unitypoint health - des moines' central iowa hospitals, including iowa methodist medical center, blank children's hospital, iowa lutheran hospital and methodist west hospital and grinnell regional medical center, have been named leaders in lgbtq+ healthcare equality.
                                
about our healthcare equality designation


















certified safe sleep hospital

                                        blank children's hospital is a designated gold certified safe sleep hospital by cribs for kids®. as a nationally certified safe sleep hospital, we are committed to best practices, patient education and community outreach in supporting safe infant sleep.
                                    
learn more about infant safe sleep












the history of blank children's hospital
blank children's hospital has the distinction of being the only civilian hospital built during world war ii. at that time, iowa had the highest rate of polio among children of any state, but was one of only a few states that did not have a children's hospital to care for them. the a.h. and anna blank family built the original hospital in 1944, in honor of their son raymond who died at a young age, to address the health care needs of iowa's ill and injured children - and that legacy has continued for more than 75 years.



a legacy of giving




the blank family









a legacy of giving
a.h. and anna blank created the raymond blank memorial hospital for children in 1944 in honor of their son, raymond, who died at the young age of 33. raymond blank was the youngest eagle scout in america. he participated in the geneva peace conference as a young reporter and was appointed by president roosevelt to head the state polio foundation. during that time, he helped open a polio ward at iowa methodist hospital. for most of his life he shared a deep love and concern for the well-being of all children. when he died, his family honored his memory by building iowa's first children's hospital in 1944 - the raymond blank memorial hospital for children.

blank children's hospital was the only civilian hospital built during wwii because polio was raging across the state of iowa. today, it remains a treasure for iowa's ill and injured children.

since the beginning, the blanks were a fixture at blank children's hospital. a.h. blank was known for his generous holiday parties for patients. because the blank family was in the movie theater business, they had connections at disney. when the hospital opened, mr. blank made a call to walt disney requesting that some of his artists come to the hospital and paint murals. those murals adorned the play room, where children were able to play and have fun. throughout the years, those murals have been moved and placed behind plexiglas for protection. today, murals greet patients and families in the nicu, play room and in a conference room.

other major supporters at blank children's hospital were myron "mike" and jackie blank, raymond's brother. mike and jackie continued the family tradition of giving with love. they understood the special needs of children's hospitals and why they required community support. mike and jackie were the first two persons to step forward when the governing board of blank children's hospital determined the need for a "new" expanded, family-centered children's hospital in 2001. 
their generosity spear-headed a successful $8.4 million capital campaign, the largest central iowa hospital campaign ever. their generosity continues to live on today and into the future. because myron and jackie were such dedicated supporters, when myron died in 2005 he left blank children's hospital a $5 million estate gift from his will.  that gift helped launch the blank children's hospital wishes endowment campaign.
their generosity is evidenced in every part of our city and state - the zoo, the art center, university programs for talented and gifted, to name a few. but nowhere is their leadership and love for giving more appreciated than at blank children's hospital. the smiles on our young patients' faces each and every day are testimony to how grateful we are. 










legacy of care



1943
construction on blank children's hospital begins. the original hospital with 80 beds included a playroom decorated with disney-character murals designed by walt disney artists.  lee forest hill, md, is instrumental in the development of blank children's hospital.


1944
blank children's hospital is dedicated.


1945
the pediatric residency program begins at blank children's hospital under the direction of lee forest hill, md. blank children's is one of two teaching hospitals in the state training future pediatricians.


1947
raymond blank hospital guild forms to support the services of blank children's hospital. because of the overwhelming number of children hospitalized for polio, blank children's is expanded to add more patient rooms.


1948
when the polio epidemic strikes the midwest, blank children's hospital becomes a statewide center for the care of hundreds of children.


1950
iowa records the highest polio rate in the united states during this year. blank children's hospital staff cared for 252 patients. two years later, 570 children were treated at blank children's and 560 of them survived.


1951
blank children's hospital constructs its first nursery for high-risk infants featuring ultra-violet light banks to eliminate bacteria and viruses.


1956
the first pediatric open-heart surgery outside the mayo clinic is performed successfully on a 6-year-old blank children's hospital patient.


1957
blank children's hospital pediatric residency program hosts the first-ever spring conference addressing important pediatric health and wellness topics for pediatricians and family practice physicians across iowa.the tiniest surviving baby is born at 1 pound, 13 ounces.  his first three months of life are spent in the premie nursery.


1958
the raymond blank memorial hospital guild provides funding for a poison information center. during the first six months of operation, 222 children benefit from its service.


1961
the blank guild purchases two incubators for the care of infants born prematurely.


1964
pediatric carts carrying specialized equipment are introduced in surgical recovery rooms.


1972
blank children's hospital opens the neonatal intensive care unit, the first in central iowa, and one of only three in the state under the direction of dr. charlotte fisk and dr. james hopkins.


1974
the neonatal intensive care unit introduces an x-ray machine specifically designed for infants.


1975
the first variety club telethon to benefit the neonatal intensive care unit is held. a total of $50,000 is raised.


1976
with continuing support from the variety club, blank children's hospital neonatal intensive care unit is renamed and dedicated as the variety club intensive care nursery (nicu).


1979
plans are announced to build a ronald mcdonald house to provide lodging for families of hospitalized children. des moines joins only seven other cities in the united states with ronald mcdonald housing.


1980
blank children's hospital establishes the nicu transport team where specially-trained professionals transport high-risk infants to the variety club intensive care nursery.


1981
the new blank children's hospital building is completed and patients are moved in.


1983
the first festival of trees & lights fundraiser is held to raise money for programs and services at blank children's hospital.


1986
iowa's first children's cancer center opens at blank children's hospital. blank children's is one of two hospitals in the state caring for children with cancer.


1991
variety club pediatric therapy services opens at blank children's hospital to provide a centralized location for children's rehabilitation services including: physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech/language pathology and audiology services.


1992
blank children's establishes the greater des moines safe kids coalition. "project safety," blank children's first bicycle safety program begins.


1993
blank children's hospital establishes a child life department to help children cope and understand their medical situations.karen gerdes, md, pediatric critical care physician, joins blank children's hospital. she is the first pediatric intensivist in iowa.


1994
blank children's hospital introduces its fire safety house to teach children fire prevention and survival skills.iowa's only dedicated pediatric emergency department opens at blank children's hospital.blank children's hospital becomes the lead organization for the greater des moines safe kids coalition, an organization dedicated to preventing childhood injuries.


1995
the first child advocate is hired at blank children's hospital to actively promote health, safety and well-being of children.


1996
blank children's hospital creates iowa's only dedicated pediatric transport team, which transported more than 130 critically-ill and injured children in its first year of service.


1997
blank children's hospital guild celebrates 50 years of supporting programs for children.the family-centered care program is started at blank children's hospital and continues to serve as the overarching philosophy for patient care.the john r. grubb-variety club children's health center opens providing comprehensive medical care for children in one outpatient location.  the variety club intensive care nursery celebrates "25 years of tiny miracles."the world's first surviving septuplets are cared for in the variety club intensive care nursery.


1998
blank becomes the lead organization for the statewide iowa safe kids coalition.blank children's hospital receives approval from the unitypoint health - des moines facilities council to perform pediatric kidney and liver transplants as part of the new central iowa transplant association.the dr. jack spevak visiting professorship begins through an endowment in his memory from family and friends. the first visiting professor is william zinkham, md.


1999
blank children's hospital becomes the lead agent for the iowa safe kids coalition.the family resource library opens at blank children's hospital. the library was made possible through a grant from the fraternal order of eagles.blank children's hospital embarks on a $15.4 million community capital campaign to redesign and renovate the hospital to better meet the needs of children and their families.


2000
the groundbreaking ceremony for the "new" blank children's takes place. myron blank, raymond's brother, is present to assist in the groundbreaking.candidate forums are hosted at blank children's to get local political candidates to voice their stance on children's issues.blank children's hospital, with national association of children's hospitals and related institutions (nachri), completes the first presidential candidate survey with responses included in the des moines register.blank children's hospital receives the first-ever nachri award for advocacy.


2001
blank children's hospital restructures its bicycle safety program and names it "all heads covered."blank children's hospital opens its newly renovated, all private-room facility. the variety club intensive care nursery becomes one of the first in the world level iii private room neonatal intensive care units.


2002
blank children's hospital launches a web page to provide child passenger safety information and assistance to parents and caregivers across iowa.blank children's hospital performs its very first pediatric da vinci surgical system surgery. blank children's is the only hospital in iowa utilizing the da vinci® surgical system in pediatric surgeries.the regional child protection center (rcpc) opens at blank children's hospital. the rcpc is under the medical direction of rizwan shah, md, nationally-recognized child abuse and neglect physician.the advocacy and outreach department at blank children's hospital hosts the first ever child and youth injury prevention conference with keynote speaker christine branche, phd, director of unintentional injury prevention at the centers for disease control.


2003
medical outreach initiated the just for kids care cart to provide neonatal and pediatric equipment and supplies to health care providers across iowa.blank children's hospital operated on the youngest and smallest patient in the world using the da vinci® surgical system.the advocacy and outreach department obtained the robert wood johnson grant to start an injury free coalition for kids in the des moines area.


2004
the smallest baby ever born in iowa and the third smallest male baby to survive in the world was born at iowa methodist medical center (immc) and cared for at blank children's hospital.  john shirley weighed just 325 grams, or 11.5 ounces, and measured only 10.25 inches long.  today, john is a happy, healthy young man.


2005
blank children's hospital purchased a brand new, completely wheelchair-accessible fire safety house. the 38-foot fire safety tool will be utilized by schools and fire departments statewide to teach thousands of children about fire safety.


2006
the wishes endowment is created by the unitypoint health - des moines foundation to provide long-term, sustainable support for programs and services at blank children's hospital.in february, the pga tour's champions tour selected blank children's hospital, a beneficiary of the allianz championship, as its 2005 charity of the year.  the honor included a $30,000 gift to the hospital. the allianz championship, in its six year history, donated more than $187,000 to blank children's hospital.the new adolescent health center is opened as a dedicated clinic for teens and young adults.


2007
pediatric endocrinology began holding outreach clinics in ames once a month.the pediatric therapy department opened a second location in ankeny, located next to the unitypoint health - des moines pediatric clinic. services offered by pediatric therapy in ankeny include physical therapy, speech/language therapy and occupational therapy.blank children's hospital added a new specialty - pediatric nephrology.  ari auron, md, joined staff to help care for children with kidney diseases and illnesses.


2008
the national institutes of health (nih) announced that its comprehensive study to examine the effect of genes and the environment on children's health had entered the next phase of operations. dr. rizwan shah, regional child protection center medical director, was named one of the principal investigators of the study for iowa.blank children's hospital was verified as a level ii trauma center by the committee on trauma of the american college of surgeons.the 25th annual festival of trees & lights is held, raising funds for the child life and advocacy & outreach programs.


2009
helen m. johnson, from webster city, left a generous estate gift, which is the single largest gift ever received at blank children's hospital. more than $5 million was given to the wishes endowment campaign. her substantial gift will establish an endowment in her name and support essential programs for children where reimbursements only cover a fraction of the cost.surpassed the $35 million mark for the wishes endowment campaign - goal is $50 million.launched the mobile simulation program, offered by medical outreach, to provide hands-on education to medical professions in their hospitals and clinics. blank children's hospital was the first in iowa to perform minimally-invasive single incision appendectomy and cholecystectomy on patients using new surgery technology.launched our new neonatal & pediatric critical care ambulance for use by the neonatal and pediatric transport teams. it's the only ambulance of its kind in the region, and offers the ability to transport more than one patient in addition to family members. the ambulance was made possible by a generous gift from variety - the children's charity.center for advocacy and outreach was recognized by the united way of central iowa with the 2009 live united advocate award.


2010
methodist west hospital delivered its first baby on january 4, 2010. to provide the best in care to newborns, 24/7 neonatal coverage is provided by blank children's hospital at methodist west and iowa lutheran hospitals.governor chet culver proclaimed february 18 as critical care transport nurses day - following a letter from unitypoint health - des moines making the request.  the day honored the neonatal transport team and pediatric transport team at blank children's. on april 19 the new bch ambulance was used to transport a pediatric patient to iowa city who was on an oscillating ventilator. it is thought that this was the first time in the u.s. that a baby has been transported by ground with an oscillating ventilator.on april 22, immc and bch delivered its first set of quadruplets. a team of 27 medical professionals helped with the delivery and care of the infants. blank children's hospital played a role in the successful passage of the state of iowa's enhanced seatbelt law. our grassroots advocacy network along with health care professionals and families reached out to legislators to encourage the passage in order to protect and save the lives of children as back-seat passengers. 


2011
blank children's partnered with iowa state athletics for a new kid captain program. nominations were taken over the summer from parents, nominating their child for the program. seven kid captains were selected and were recognized at home isu football games.  one kid captain was recognized per game by going out on the field for the coin toss at home games with the cyclone team captains. an additional 9 patients were given tickets to home games. in total 29 children were nominated for the program.a dream many years in the making, the developmental center opened to help provide diagnosis, early intervention and care for children with developmental related conditions as well as physical limitations. the developmental center was made possible due to tremendous support from the community.  


2012
blank children's hospital was re-verified by the american college of surgeons committee on trauma as a level 2 pediatric trauma center. this is in conjunction with iowa methodist's verification as a level 1 adult trauma center.  blank children's is one of two hospitals in the state of iowa with a pediatric trauma designation by the acs - the other hospital being the university of iowa children's hospital.  the safety store at blank children's hospital opened in august.  the safety store offers a variety of low-cost safety products with one-on-one education and assistance from a safety expert on the proper use of each safety product purchased.the thinkfirst iowa program provided presentations to 147 middle/high schools and 124 elementary schools educating approximately 25,000 students across the state about preventing brain and spinal cord injuries.blank children's hosted a screening of the documentary "finding kind" on may 8 at hoyt sherman. the documentary was created by two young women who traveled across the country to address the issue of bullying among girls.  


2013
the cancer and blood disorders center and blank children's infusion center moved to a newly expanded location that allows for a more family-friendly environment and more clinical space. the project was supported by many donors from the community.implemented the volunteer "superhero sidekick" program on blank 3 & 4 where volunteers spend time with patients in need of extra playtime, attention or companionship.blank children's pediatric clinic participated in the cdc flu surveillance pilot program by submitting specimens and data which was used to formulate the 2013-14 flu vaccine.blank children's infectious disease clinic started three new specialty clinics: travel clinic, refugee clinic and international adoption clinic.the adolescent and young adult (aya) oncology program, in collaboration with john stoddard cancer center, was created to enhance the care and survival of adolescent and young adult patients.safety store had its first full year of service and served more than 200 customers and sold nearly 400 low-cost child safety products.


2014
the family advisory board was established in september. this group of parents serves as partners to blank children's hospital, playing an important role by representing the family voice when providing input.midwife services and the methodist west hospital maternity center each had record numbers of deliveries.the cystic fibrosis center, the only service of its kind in central iowa, was ranked 11th in the nation for its pulmonary function test (pft) scores by the cystic fibrosis foundation registry.the developmental center began offering an autism clinic and behavior clinic, each on a monthly basis. the center had a total of 1,428 patient visits in 2014.


2015
the medical-legal project, a partnership with iowa legal aid, received 141 referrals to provide free legal services to patients and families. the identified legal issues impacting children's health fell into these categories: 34% income or insurance denial, 31% personal safety, 18% legal status, 13% housing and 4% education or employment.blank children's pulmonary clinic was recognized for being one of the top cystic fibrosis centers in the nation for ages 13-17.the number of deliveries in all three maternity centers continued to grow significantly. overall there was a 6.5% increase in deliveries.participation in childbirth education classes grew by 68% from 2014. more than 2,400 expectant mothers and their support people attended the various classes offered.the shining star philanthropy program was established to recognize and support students who fundraise for blank children's. students hosted lemonade stands, planned school dances and sold everything from hair bows to erasers to raise more than $14,000.


2016
the variety pediatric emergency department at blank children's hospital officially opened to the public in december 2016. the new facility matches the outstanding care the patients and families receive every day. a certified child passenger safety technician joined our team of safety experts to focus on serving the needs of families in our hospital and clinics. since beginning the service, more than 40 families have been helped, including many with special needs car seats. through the pediatric emergency department, 35 seats were distributed to families whose children had been in a car crash.blank children's hospital employs nurses in the west des moines school district. these nurses saw approximately 74,000 students and administered approximately 30,000 medications. the nurses see an average of 40-60 children every day in a total of 11 schools. the second annual online day of giving was held in conjunction with mr. blank day on july 27. through individual donations as well as matching gifts received from iowa realty, premier credit union and the blank children's board of directors, the event raised a record-breaking $20,000. 


2017
the pediatric intensive care unit opened a new 12-bed, all private-room facility with leading edge design. through the help of generous sponsors, blank children's hospital unveiled a brand new fire safety house. the trailer travels across the state providing a unique hands-on learning experience for children to prepare for fire or severe weather emergencies.the star center (formerly regional child protection center) launched the foster care clinic, which provides primary care and mental health services for children in foster care. 


2018
the expansion project of variety pediatric therapy services began in 2018 to better serve patients and families. the project will double the amount of space the team has to treat children in need of physical, occupational and speech therapies. nearly 100% of the project was supported through philanthropy – gifts from individuals, organizations and corporations made the expansion possible. the maternity center at methodist west hospital opened six new patient rooms, an expanded nursery and new family waiting area. 


2019
the maternity centers at methodist west hospital and iowa lutheran hospital now have nurseries designated as level 2 (or special care) nurseries. this means the team is able to treat babies with some health problems instead of transferring them to the nicu at blank children's hospital.blank children's hospital purchased a new neonatal and pediatric ambulance. the ambulance was designed with safety in mind and offers plenty of features that are family friendly.


2020
expanded pediatric care to unitypoint health – fort dodge which allows providers to maintain the blank children's experience in quality care and take it to trinity regional medical center.a unique and first-of-its-kind partnership with shriners children's twin cities, providing orthopedic care for children in central iowa at blank children's hospital.the new star & developmental center opened its doors welcoming patients and families when many partners across iowa closed due to the pandemic.







previous





next







historic photos









                                    the blank family: on the left: mike, jackie and (daughter) bev blank. on the right: a.h. and anna blank. a.h. and anna blank built blank children's hospital in honor of their son raymond, who died at age 33.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    the original raymond blank memorial hospital for children - 1944 to 1979.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    the main entrance of blank children's hospital. an artist paints on the glass.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    blank children's hospital was rebuilt and expanded in 1980.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    machine known as the iron lung, which helped treat polio.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    a polio patient with a nurse.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    parents gather outside blank children's hospital during the polio epidemic. parents used ladders to climb up to the windows to visit their kids.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    during the polio epidemic, children were quarantined so parents were unable to visit. because of that, parents got creative and visited their children through the hospital windows.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    parents visiting their child from the outside of blank children's hospital during the polio epidemic.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    patient playing in his hospital bed at blank children's hospital.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    mike blank with santa at the holiday part in the play room at blank children's hospital.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    caption as it appeared in the newspaper: this year as for many years, a.h. blank, retired theater man and philanthropist, gave a christmas party at raymond blank memorial hospital. he distributed individual gifts to the children and gave others for the hospital's play room. in return, mary jackson, 7, daughter of mr. and mrs. cleo jackson of corydon, representing the patients, gave the 86-year old blank a toy drum filled with cookies.
                                
view expanded gallery modal








                                    myron "mike" blank, son of a.h. and anna blank, hands out gifts during a holiday party.
                                
view expanded gallery modal







previous

 of 




next




















stay connected with unitypoint health – blank children's hospital
    

















blank children's hospital


ways to give
volunteer
classes & events
financial information






contact us
join our team
















follow us on social media































 social media guidelines






quick links

find a location
find a service
find a doctor
myunitypoint
join our team
contact us



resources

contact us
myunitypoint
medical records
classes and events
patient rights and responsibilities
billing, insurance & financial information
price transparency



unitypoint health

newsroom
our organization
our hospitals and locations
diversity, equity and inclusion (dei)
medical education and career growth
for employees
for providers








@2024 unitypoint health




non-discrimination accessibility notice
privacy
website use & accessibility










