




robotask: task automation software for windows

















































 



 


emailfacebookrss 








 

 



overview
download
buy now
support

contact us


community
 

















robotic desktop automation software (rda)
automate any series of repetitive tasks on your windows machine
robotask is a task automation software that can easily automate any series of tasks without writing code. the program allows to easily create simple macros, as well as highly complex automations, involving conditional logic, loops, custom variables and other advanced options.


macro recorder and job scheduling system
suitable for home users, power users, and it professionals
runs on personal computers, workstations, and servers
free and fully functional 30-day trial





download free trial


automate everything
robotask comes with about 300 actions available in such categories as:

automation of work with files and folders;
keyboard and mouse macro recorder;
emulation of mouse and keyboard actions;
automated ftp/sftp/ftps file transfer (upload, download, synchronize);
email pop3/imap/smtp automation (checking, sending and retrieving);
sql database automation;
working with excel;
web automation (fill web forms, web actions);
working with images (convert, resize, crop, flip, watermark, etc.)
working with clipboard, system registry, processes, regular expressions, etc.;
built-in http web server with websockets support;
integration with python, javascript, powershell;
and much more!

 

better alternative to windows task scheduler
you can schedule jobs to run at specified times or at regular intervals (every n seconds, minutes, hours, or days). however, robotask is more than just an efficient replacement for windows scheduler. practically any event on your computer can trigger robotask to perform a specific action. for instance:

hotkey or keyboard shortcut;
file monitor (when a particular file is created, deleted, changed, or renamed);
window watcher (when a window is created, activated, closed, and so forth);
changing connected devices;
when a user logs on and off;
process watcher (when a specific process started or exited);
in case of high cpu load or ram usage;
clipboard watcher;
http/websocket server;
and more.

download free 30-day trial


home computer, workstation or server
robotask can operate both as a user-launched application and as a windows service, which allows it to perform the assigned tasks regardless of whether a user is logged in or not.
besides, using the built-in network capabilities, you can make robotask instances running on different computers and servers interact, both in the same local network and on the internet.


flexibility and expandability
in addition to the set of existing capabilities, the functionality of robotask can be easily extended using scripting languages. robotask has built-in support and integration with such popular scripting languages as python, javascript, powershell. and to start using these benefits, you don’t have to install any additional services. the only thing you need is robotask.


availability and ease of use
after such a long list of possibilities, robotask may seem like something very complex and confusing to some people, like a cockpit of a jet plane. but that is not the case, we have carefully designed the user interface and paid special attention to every little detail. and we can say for sure that robotask is equally available both to ordinary users without programming skills and to advanced users and it professionals.


a long and rich history
the first release of robotask appeared more than twenty years ago. and it has gone through an impressive development path during this time, it has turned from a simple assistant for pc users into a powerful system for automating a huge number of tasks. 
various companies and institutions in different industries have found a way for robotask, and use it both on their employees’ workstations and install robotask on their servers to automate processes in 24/7 mode.


stability and reliability
our hard work on robotask over the years has turned it into a super reliable and stable solution for numerous users and companies. their experience and feedbacks allowed us to improve and optimize literally every millimetre of the robotask internal structure. on many corporate servers, it works stably without restarting for literally months, ensuring the regular execution of tens and hundreds of tasks.

just a few minutes with robotask will give you plenty of ideas of how you can increase your productivity.


 video tutorial
 screenshots
 user opinions
 buy now


download free 30-day trial


reviews
clickup
… as windows lacks a macro recorder, robotask is a desktop automation tool designed specifically for windows pc. it has a macro recorder to record mouse and keyboard actions for automating tasks.
read more »»
mark gibbs, network world
… robotask is a great tool at a great price, and the potential for creating powerful automation solutions is fantastic.
read more »»
snapfiles.com
… a powerful tool, that provides one of the highest levels of flexibility in its class.
read more »»
c|net download.com
… robotask’s comprehensive range of tools makes it a good bet for just about any user who wants to stop wasting time manually performing repetitive pc tasks.
read more »»
rocketdownload.com
… take the hassle out of your pc and enjoy the power with robotask!
read more »»






navigationoverview

features
screenshots
testimonials


downloads
buy now
support

discussion forums
video tutorials
online help
examples


contact form
privacy policy
latest news february 06, 2025

robotask 10.3 has been released!
download
version history

neodownloader
bulk image and video downloader




 












overview | download | buy now | support | contact | privacy policy | rss
 








						copyright © 2004-2025, neowise software					








 










we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.ok




