










troubashow.com - the troubador concert series | lexington, ky








































skip to content
















troubashow.com
the troubador concert series | lexington, ky





menu
home
directions
newsletter
sponsors
volunteers
history
contact















featured welcome 
shows 




highbridge spring water presents the troubadour concert series
concerts as refreshing as cool water from a mountain spring!


the troubadour concert series is one of the most successful music showcases in north america. highbridge spring water returns the series to our original home in the historic kentucky theatre as part of lexington’s 250th anniversary celebration. visit often for updates!
be part of the all-volunteer troubadour crew,  click here for information






coming to the kentucky theatre in 2025! 
uncategorized 





billy gibbons of zz top

thursday • feb 6, 2025 • 7:30pm • kentucky theatre, lexington, ky
tickets on sale now click here or call 859-231-6997 after 1pm 
click here
tickets $85.50 gold circle/reserved seats $75.50
highbridge spring water and the volunteers of the troubadour concert series are excited to present zz top guitarist billy gibbons in concert at the historic kentucky theatre thursday february 6.  gibbons is one of the most powerful blues-rock guitarists to ever emerge from texas along with the late stevie ray vaughan. with the release of 1983’s eliminator, zz top and gibbons will be forever associated with long and stringy beards that grew down to their chestsplus of mtv’s most popular video clips of all time like  “give me all your loving,” “sharp dressed man,” and “legs.”
sharp dressed man zz top – sharp dressed man (official music video) [hd remaster]

punch brothers
coming tuesday • june 10, 2025 • 7:30pm • kentucky theatre, lexington, ky
tickets on sale now click here or call 859-231-6997

tickets $65.50
punch brothers are a virtuosic quintet featuring mandolinist christhile, guitarist chris eldridge, bassist paul kowert, banjoist noam pikelny, and violinist brittany haas.
known for pushing the boundaries of acoustic music, the band hasgarnered critical acclaim, including a grammy for best folk album for allashore (2018). the washington post applauded them for taking “bluegrass to its nextevolutionary stage, drawing equal inspiration from the brain and the heart.” over theyears, they’ve become pioneers in modern string music, with albums likeantifogmatic (2010), who’s feeling young now (2012) and the phosphorescent blues (2015) showcasing their genre-defying sound. rolling stone praised their work as“wild virtuosity used for more than just virtuosity,” cementing their reputation astrailblazers in contemporary acoustic music. 
most recently, punch brothers have been focused on their new musical variety show, “the energy curfew music hour,” with season one available on audible and all podcasting platforms
watch punch brothers perform rye whiskey in concert click here
_
tommy emmanuel
coming tuesday • oct 14, 2025 • 7:30pm • kentucky theatre, lexington, ky
tickets on sale soon

tommy emmanuel is a high energy, world-renowned master guitarist celebrated for his unmatched talent, virtuosity, and infectious joy in music. known for playing multiple parts simultaneously with heart and soul, his concerts radiate a rare exuberance that captivates audiences worldwide. tommy’s joy, evident in his radiant smile, makes his music universally resonant and uplifting.
_
look who you missed in 2024! marty stuart • emmylou harris  • lucinda williams• joan osborne • sam bush • riders in the sky • blind boys of alabama






search for:









upcoming shows


coming to the kentucky theatre in 2025!


welcome












          copyright ©  2025 troubashow.com. all rights reserved.                  















