






bathroom partitions & toilet partitions by flushmetal partitions

































































call us at: 631-768-8301



home
history

view our brochure


products

flushite (overhead braced)
flushart (floor anchored)
flushung (ceiling hung)
floor to ceiling
freedom series


spec generator
warranty
leed
contact





the architects choice











about the company
as one of the country’s oldest and most experienced manufacturers of bathroom partitions, showers, urinal screens and dressing rooms, flush metal is unmatched in its technical capabilities. our flexibility to make custom changes quickly to meets the needs of the fast-track building industry is what sets us apart.  we manufacture steel bathroom partitions as well as plastic laminate, phenolic and powder coated finishes.  our state of the art manufacturing facility in melville, new york is the leader in steel partition manufacturing servicing clients across the globe.’
bathroom partitions
most public toilets are located in small buildings with one or more toilets (or urinals) available for use by the general public, or by customers or employees of a business. these toilets are commonly separated into male and female facilities, although some are unisex, however both require bathroom partitions for privacy. increasingly, both public and office toilets are accessible to people with disabilities. public toilets are known by many other names depending on the country. some examples are: “restroom,” “washroom,” “bathroom,” and “ladies’/women’s room” and “gents’/men’s room.”
public toilets with bathroom partitions are also found in schools, offices, factories, and other places of work. similarly, museums, cinemas, bars, restaurants, entertainment venues usually provide multi-user public toilets.  railroad stations, gas stations, rest stops and long distance public transport vehicles such as trains, ferries, and planes usually provide toilets for general use.  in most cases, bathroom partitions will be used to ensure the users privacy.










50 years of leadership
flush metal has been a leader in the bathroom partition industry for over 50 years, manufacturing bathroom partitions, showers, urinal screens, and dressing rooms.
 more


furnished with quality
architects often call on flush metal's years of experience to recommend both product and design for maximum efficiency and durability.
 more


simple installation
flush metal offers downloadable pdfs for the installation of each product.
 more


warranty
flush metal is proud to offer this guarantee representing 50 years of quality and service in the bathroom partition industry.
 more






our products



 


bathroom partitions




 


urinal screens




 


features




 


hardware




 


maintenance




 


installation instructions




 


custom toilet partitions









home
our history
our products
bathroom partition spec generator
warranty
leed information
contact us

© 2025 all rights reserved.   | privacy policy

    












