






stoneyford concrete | readymix | flomix silo | screed


































































































 





homeabout uscompany newsour productsall productsconcretescreedsflomix silosbagged productblocksbrick cutting servicesbrick slipsbrickspavingdecorative stonesstone claddingpolished concretestoney blockhardwareprojectscareers 
















supplying the construction industry                                            


info@stoneyford.com 


028 92 648600 
































 





home
about us
company news
our products

all products
concrete
screeds
flomix silos
bagged product
blocks
brick cutting services
brick slips
bricks
paving
decorative stones
stone cladding
polished concrete
stoney block
hardware


projects
careers




contact us 









 































concrete & screed 

recognised as one of northern irelands leading suppliers of ready-mixed concrete


more information 








concrete










flomix mortar  

flomix is designed to improve efficiency on site and reduce waste giving contractors increased flexibility. 


more information 








flomix










bagged product 

we have invested heavily in upgrading our bagging plant. 


more information 








stoneyford
















servicing the construction industry in northern ireland 









 
commercial





 
self build





 
local builder 





 
materials 





 
residential 



































about us


 



we have over 30 years of experience in construction. 

stoneyford concrete has been supplying ready mix concrete, blocks, bricks and screeds to the construction industry since 1988. family owned and run, we pride ourselves on a high level of customer service, fast turnaround times and competitive prices. stoneyford concrete provides materials for a vast range of projects, from self build to public construction projects. 





















delivery available






across northern ireland 























 
commercial 





 
education





 
hospitality 





 
residential





 
industrial








our portfolio includes projects in commercial  



over the past 30 years we have completed a vast range of projects within this sector. no project is too big or small and we are able to provide materials for offices and commercial buildings. 







our portfolio includes projects in education 



over the past 30 years we have completed a vast range of projects within this sector. no project is too big or small and we are able to provide materials for schools and universities. 







our portfolio includes projects in hospitality  



over the past 30 years we have completed a vast range of projects within this sector. no project is too big or small and we are able to provide materials for hotels, restaurants and sports centres. 







our portfolio includes projects in residential  



over the past 30 years we have completed a vast range of projects within this sector. no project is too big or small and we are able to provide materials for building sites and housing developments. 







our portfolio includes projects in industrial  



over the past 30 years we have completed a vast range of projects within this sector. no project is too big or small and we are able to provide materials for factories and warehouses. 

























olympia sports complex 
leisure 


















asia supermarket
commercial


















blacks road housing development 
residential 


















ballyveigh antrim housing development 
residential 


















wardsborough apparments
residential 




























featured projects  

















government
bangor sewage scheme











housing development
mount eagles











industry build
titanic signature building











commercial project
lidl store, lisburn











building construction
asia supermarket











building construction
olympia











building construction
holy evangelist primary school











building construction
mcaurther hall belfast methodist college

























stoneyford concrete


 



company news 






















stoneyford job – forklift ...



we are looking for a forklift driver for our blocks yard.
more …



read more													                                                    

















stoneyford paving



stoneyford is now stocking a large range of high quality paving …



read more													                                                    

















christmas open & closing ...


christmas open & closing hours
we will close up for christmas on …



read more													                                                    

















flomix 20n concrete


flo-mix 20n concrete is a fine 10mm aggregate mix suitable for …



read more													                                                    
























 









contact us on 028 92 648 600 







 























one of northern irelands leading suppliers of readymixed concrete, floor screeds and more.



quick linksabout us
contact us
blog posts
connect with us facebook 
instagram 
twitter 
youtube 

contact us head office

50 stoneyford rd,
lisburn
co antrim
bt28 3sp

tel: 028 92 648600

e: info@stoneyford.com
 











© stoneyford concrete 2021 | all right reserved                    







this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





necessary							


necessary

always enabled




necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






non-necessary							


non-necessary





any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept







































