 


  


the great white house - accommodation in gansbaai, south africa

































































the great white house discover. protect. educate.




restaurant
accommodation
tours
about
contact



 facebook
 twitter
 trip advisor
 search




 book online














accommodation in gansbaai, south africa
welcome to
the great white house
the great white house is equipped with a fantastic restaurant, bar, coffee shop, gift shop and adjacent chalets for accommodation.
book now











welcome to the great white houseplay video




food, drink and wildlife tours in the home of the marine big 5
only a 2 hour drive from cape town, the great white house offers visitors to gansbaai an incredible range of wildlife tours, luxury accommodation and exceptional, locally sourced food.

 authentic, south african chalets
 licensed restaurant and bar
 shark and whale tour bookings
 regular events

book online 







why choose the great white house?






luxury accommodation
rustic hardwood floors, a fireplace and open-plan living, the great white house chalets offer a relaxed and cosy atmosphere.
our accommodation 







great food and drink
an authentic southern right whale skeleton named ‘suzi’ has been hoisted up and secured on the ceiling of the restaurant.
the restaurant 







wildlife tours
we are home to an incredible range of wildlife tours, featuring great white sharks, whales, dolphins, cape fur seals, the african penguin and more.
sharks and whales 







beautiful surroundings
the great white house is situated in kleinbaai, which is located just outside gansbaai in the western cape of south africa.
about gansbaai 










the home of the marine big 5 - book today!
the great white house offers luxury accommodation, great food and incredible surroundings, all in the very home of south africa's famous marine big 5. contact us today to learn more or to make a booking.
book now or call: +27 (0)28 384 3273
 


					search our website:
				


search for:



 




the great white house:accommodation and restaurantnear cape town, south africa.

 facebook
 twitter
 trip advisor




about us
the great white house in kleinbaai (only 30 min from hermanus, south africa) is famous for it's authentic, exceptional accommodation, suitable for families, couples and travellers of all ages.
the great white house is equipped with a fantastic restaurant, bar, coffee shop, gift shop and adjacent chalets for accommodation. enjoy a delicious meal before embarking on an exciting wildlife excursion.
learn more about us 


what we offer

 home
 restaurant
 accommodation
 tours
 blog
 about
 contact




contact us

 send us a message
 info@greatwhitehouse.co.za
 +27 (0)28 384 3273
 5 geelbek st, van dyks bay, gansbaai, south africa










terms and conditions
sitemap

© 2025 the great white house. all rights reserved.






















