







physical disability australia








































skip to content







primary menu
about us

our team
governance


news

latest news
blog
disability royal commission
submissions


membership

membership application
pda professional
pda youth network


donate
contact
how to get involved
 






search





search for:



 

 




 







welcome physical disability australia (pda) is a national peak disability peoples organisation (dpo) run by people with physical disability for people with physical disability.
pda exists for its members, who fuel our mission to “enable every australian living with a physical disability to realise their full potential”.
through our work, we advocate to government, create equal opportunities, promote diversity and inclusion and ensure that our values within the organisation (and our representation of australians living with physical disability) are reflected, upheld and defended.
established in 1995, pda is one of a very small handful of australian disability organisations that actually has members and board representation in every australian state and territory. with physical disability affecting *76.8% of australia’s disability community, our organisation represents the largest disability category in our country. it is this visible and all-encompassing national footprint that ensures pda truly has its finger on the pulse of disability in our country. this unique representative stance provides us with a strong voice and position to ensure that our organisation and members are heard and part of australia’s disability conversation.
together with the support of our incredible members and the ongoing work of our board, we will continue to shine as an informed, influential, visible, active and connected organisation that puts disability rights at the forefront of all that we do.
*https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/health/disability/disability-ageing-and-carers-australia-summary-findings/latest-release




 

our purpose 
advocating to government, creating equal opportunities
promote diversity and inclusion
reflect our values within the organisation







 

key values 
human rights
integrity
inclusion
self-empowerment
dignity for all
representation







 

objectives 
effective policy
solution-focused
participatory engagement
effective governance
future proofing



 


 












become a member
by joining pda you help us develop a comprehensive and diverse membership base. this means pda can speak authoitatively on behalf of a broad range of lived experience. the more members pda has, the more its submissions and activities will be noticed and respected.
sign up






 









 







how to donate to physical disability australia you can support physical disability australia ltd (pda) in representing the interests and views of people with physical disability across australia by making a donation
pda appreciates all donations, no matter how big or small. these donations will assist in furthering the work or pda and allow us to advocate further for the interests and views of people with physical disability in australia, to be heard by all decision makers at all levels.
all donations to pda are tax deductible in australia as pda has deductable gift recipient (dgr) status.
if you wish to receive a receipt, please let us know by emailing manager@pda.org.au or calling 1800 pda org (1800 732 674)














direct deposit
deposit directly into physical disability australia ltd bank account:
bsb: 633 000 (bendigo bank)
account: 120469325
name: physical disability australia ltd.
if you make a direct deposit, please provide us with details of who you are so that we can acknowledge this, and also issue you with a receipt.
you can check pda deductible gift recipient status online using the abn lookup tool atabr.business.gov.au and entering pda australian business number (abn) which is 79081345164


 

 












contact us phone: 1800 pda org (1800 732 674)
mail: po box 352  kempsey, nsw 2440
email us: manager@pda.org.au




 


																		©						 copyright © 2017 physical disability australia 






facebook
twitter
instagram
 













