


















































	
        
        wnyric















close alert banner







skip to content










network statusservice directory













service desk



























about usabout the wnyricwnyric school districts793 planstaff directoryunauthorized disclosure complaint formcontact usour servicesdata servicesecommunication servicesfacilities servicesfinance and hr servicesinstructional supportstudent information servicestechnology supportwny school jobsdistrict and non-public school jobswnyric employmentresourcescslo portaldataview portallogin to pdp premierservice directoryservice deskstandards listnews and eventsnewsevent calendarwnyric twitter








collaboration, communication and innovation
through taking risks, building strong partnerships and relying on our expert staff we impact lives of teachers and students, and improve education in our region.  total educational environment management
we deliver technical support, resources and solutions for school districts, communities, and other partners. we support enhanced learning
our goal is to maximize the quality of instruction and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of educational institutions through the creation and implementation of our services.





















who we are
the western new york regional information center (wnyric) is an information and learning technology service provider that delivers technical support, resources and solutions for school districts, communities, and various other partners to enhance learning and manage the total educational environment. we serve over 100 school districts covering 7 counties (allegany, cattaraugus, chautauqua, erie, niagara, orleans, and steuben) in the western region of new york state.
learn more about us




our services


instructional supportwe engage teachers through high-quality professional development and help students achieve success through technology integration.  facilities serviceswe aid in creating successful learning environments. our services include visitor, library and custodial management. finance and hr serviceswe support district offices with systems that streamline accounting, payroll and personnel operations. technology supportwe deliver technical support, resources and solutions to enhance learning, manage the educational environment and support staff. data serviceswe prioritize data safety and security while assisting districts in complying with reporting requirements and meeting instructional goals. ecommunication serviceswe leverage technology to increase efficiency and effectiveness of communication between schools, students and guardians.cybersecuritywe work tirelessly to keep information, networks and students safe online through advanced cybersecurity practices. infrastructure and network serviceswe procure, install and maintain technology for educational environments. 














© 2019 wnyric. all rights reserved.
by ghd digital


visit us

    wnyric main office
    355 harlem road
    west seneca, ny 14224



contact us
(716) 821-71711-800-872-0780  email us


links

sitemapwebsite feedbackservice deskprivacy policy



proudly serving

ca bocesgst boceserie 1 boceson bocese2-cc boces







increase contrast










































close browser alert banner


browser compatibility notification
it appears you are trying to access this site using an outdated browser.  as a result, parts of the site may not function properly for you.  we recommend updating your browser to its most recent version at your earliest convenience.







