



yetifan.com




















































yetifan forum









email us! yetifan@yetifan.com








































news
february 17th 2025. 
visit to corebike this coming weekend (23rd feb), look out for new product, some new colours, and i’ll see what else is in the works!
got news? get in touch email us !   yetifan@yetifan.com
team news now over at www.yeticycles.com dh is back on the menu ! big time.

january 1st 2025!
happy new year yeti gang!
working on getting new yeti products over. check back next month for news!
core bike - i’ll try and get some new yeti news if there is any! 
 
september 2024.
enduro world championships kicked off. richie was 3rd with bronze medal behind 2 french racers - alex rudeau & louis jeandel. 
jt fisher was 25th for yeti, and slawomir lukasik was 27th 
in the electric category - ryan gilchrist was 4th, with mick hannah in 18th. (kevin miquel won)
the race was held in a snowy italy- check out some of the practice. (finals video to come)
17 february 2025 
 
richie rude & yeti won the uci enduro series overall, check out the video...
 
 
july 2024
 
 
uci enduro world cup-   next up 6-8th september.
richie rude has been at some world cups- les gets was his last. he failed to make the main.
yeti are sitting at 1 & 2 in the enduro overall
1- richie rude
2 slawomir lukasik
 
 
 
 
lots has happened
ews round 1 was won by richie rude, and fellow yeti racer - ryan gilchrist took the win in the e bike category, yetis first ever ebike victory in the series.
find them on instagram - @ryangilchrist73  @richie_rude1 
also on the team @s_lukasick  & @lacey_mtb
____
 
fort william dh kicked off the downhill season, with yeti fielding a team including mik hannah, sadly none of the team qualified for the race, with mechanicals or mistakes.
____
new as-r launched - click below to get to new bikes on yeticycles.com
new sb165 launched, 29er front, 27.5 rear. find out all the info here. 
 
 
february 2024 -
headed to corebike soon (uk bike trade show) and i’m told there will be something yummy to check out! check out my socials on facebook & instagram for on the day updates as they happen!
late january 2024
rumours of gwin joining rude on the dh team,? could it be true? fingers crossed! i’ll be all over it as soon as any announcement is made!
i might have to sign up to the live feed for dh ! 
new bike! yeti is teasing us with a new bike, when will it be out? i’m hopeful i will get to see it at the next trade show in february. looks very much like a new as-r style set up. fingers crossed this one packs speed, light weight, and gnarr factor of 10. and it comes in turquoise.......

january 2024 !
one of carolyn curly curls vintage yetis has surfaced. 
pic from fb


i am back! i have had server issues, these are now resolved. 
store un affected, i’m shipping daily as per usual! 
more news as and when it comes in! 
what have we missed? email me andrew@yetifan.com and let me know!
 
yetis 2024 race plans. bex is off the team, richie is still posting pics of him on a yeti, rumour is there will be a small world cup dh team for 2024, but i have no insider knowledge on this! awaiting news drop from yeti.
pic- not a yeti dh bike, or anything from recent times!

 
 
 
 
richie will compete in the final 2 dh races of the season on his yeti dh bike.
snowshoe & mont sainte anne.

 
 
 
 
new for 2023
yeti announce dh bike, with richie rude returning to downhill racing!
sadly i have no more pictures sent over! 

check this link to see more!
https://yeticycles.com/technology/special-projects
__
march 2023 - jared graves involved in a car accident while on a training ride with the yeti guys. he’s sustained a mangled knee cap and lots of cuts and other injuries. get well soon gravy! 

march 2023- 
john parker- founder of yeti cycles announces engagement to his parter cee cee.
congratulations!
 
 
sb120- sb140 - sb160 (sb120 pictured)


 find out all you need at yeticycles.com
 
yetifanstore.com
 
 
some sb160e tests-
 
 
 
 
yeti sb160e parts added to the store.

full 2022 range now online at yeticycles.com


 
late august - pinkbike has some interesting info.
 
 
 
ste_dot ( instagram) sent in this custom 2021 arc he has built. i love the colours, and they suit the bike so well. go look him up!



















 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 













pictures from the yetifan vaults.


























yetifan 












































































































