










athletico physical therapy - outpatient physical therapy and rehabilitation


















































 


skip to main content















call













menu



careers
for medical professionals
for employers
pay your bill
877-athletico












 menu



























patient log in
request appointment







patients

free assessment
request an appointment
what hurts?
new patient registration
what to expect
home exercises
online bill payment
patient stories
insurance plans
no prescription needed
medical records request
compliance program
faqs
newsletter signup


services

free assessment
physical therapy
telehealth: virtual visits
covid-19 rehabilitation
hand/upper extremity therapy
work injuries – work4u
athletic training
concussion and vestibular rehabilitation
pelvic health therapy
back pain
home therapy
pediatric therapy
pain therapy
specialized services
specialty techniques


locations
about us

the athletico story
executive team
board of directors
id&e council
outcomes & satisfaction
press room
community involvement
proud partnerships
contact us
research
achievements


health resources
pay your bill
careers
for medical professionals
for employers
patient log in request appointment 









it starts here
did you know that physical therapy can be the solution to living pain free? come see us first, without a prescription in many states, and we can help you recover from different pains, sprains or strains in your joints and muscles. start with athletico today.
request a free assessment









convenient locations close to home or work 

address, city, state, or zip code







find an athletico near you




















we're growing, grow with us!
our team consists of talented physical therapists, occupational therapists, and athletic trainers who deliver superior outcomes and clinical expertise to our patients. view our open positions below.
apply now
delivering high-quality care to our patients means taking care of yourself, too, which is why we prioritize our clinicians' mental, physical, and financial well-being. learn more about our student loan repayment program.













assess your condition virtually 



            schedule a virtual visit and have your condition assessed and treated from the comfort of your own home through a secure online video chat with a licensed healthcare professional.
        
learn more







we treat you, not just your injury



            every patient is different. that’s why our experts listen, set goals and create personalized treatment plans that work best to help you return to your daily activities. just ask our patients: 98% would recommend us.
        
what to expect








our services

            as one of the largest physical and occupational therapy providers in the country, we offer a wide range of services to help you move pain-free and get back to the life you love, fast.
         












              physicaltherapy
            















              occupational/handtherapy
            















              workinjuries
            















              specialized  services
            









see more services








we accept all major insurance plans

          we help you focus on feeling better, not the fees. we offer affordable and flexible payment options, verify insurance coverage and answer healthcare questions to ease any uncertainties before your appointment.
        
find your insurance plan








our patients, their stories

          for more than 30 years, physicians and patients have trusted us to provide an exceptional and effective approach to physical and occupational therapy. see what they have to say.
        










              michelle stewart
            

              meniscus surgery
            

              treated at:
            

              chicago, il
            











              fonsa brody
            

              occupational therapy
            

              treated at:
            

              dallas, tx
            













              matt powers
            

              leg pain
            

              treated at:
            

              chicago, il
            







read their stories


submit your story







proud partnerships

				we are proud to partner with elite organizations of all types. we aim to keep these athletes and their fans healthy and able to do what they do best.
				






















































































more about our partners








physical therapy
          without a prescription

          did you know that physical therapy can be the solution to living pain free? come see us first, without a prescription in many states, and we can help you recover from different pains, sprains or strains in your joints and muscles. start with athletico today.
        




learn more








health resources

                    find out more about your injury and stay up-to-date with the latest health and wellness trends.
                









                            3 fall prevention tips that are winter-proof                        

february 14, 2025










                            surviving the wintertime brrrs: tips on cold weather running                        

february 12, 2025










                            how important are ergonomics? (plus 3 signs you could improve your posture)                        

february 03, 2025










                            what does physical therapy look like after a knee replacement?                        

january 31, 2025







learn more














                    sign up for our newsletter and receive job postings, health resources, and more!
                


sign up now










for patients





what to expect
what hurts?
insurance plans
health resources
patient stories
newsletter signup
 




careers





opportunities
what we offer
clinical education
benefits summary
career development
career faqs
 




about us





the athletico story
executive team
outcomes and satisfaction
press room
community involvement
proud partnerships
 




help





1-877-athletico (284-5384)
email: info@athletico.com
frequently asked questions
language assistance services
 









facebook



x



instagram



linkedin



pinterest



tiktok



youtube




blog





athletico physical therapy complies with applicable federal civil rights laws and does not discriminate on the basis of race, age, religion, sex, national origin, socioeconomic status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, disability, veteran status, or source of payment. you will be treated with dignity, compassion, and respect as an individual.
athletico physical therapy cumple con las leyes federales de derechos civiles aplicables y no discrimina por motivos de raza, edad, religión, sexo, origen nacional, condición socioeconómica, orientación sexual, identidad o expresión de género, discapacidad, condición de veterano o fuente de pago. serás tratado con dignidad, compasión y respeto como individuo. 
						athletico physical therapy ©copyright 2025					


877-athletico (284-5384)

locations
notice of non-discrimination
website terms of use & privacy policy
sitemap

































