




modutech home page







modutech marine inc
         
builders of world class commercial boats
 

 
                   
 






welcome to the modutech marine  web site. take a look 
around at some of the products and services modutech provides. please click on 
the links to the left for more product info.
gsa contract number 
gs-07f-5488p
 

modutech marine is dedicated to providing the highest quality 
repair services and custom built boats, to fit any request.
modutech marine has been owned and operated by the swindahl 
family since 1970. carl and elaine built the business primarily in the fishing 
industry, building fiberglass gillnetters and seiners. after 20 years in the 
pleasure boat industry, carl set out to build quality commercial boats to which 
hundreds have been delivered world wide. today that same great quality is 
available with 3 generations involved.
today modutech still offers boats to the commercial, and 
charter fishing community, only now they are available in fiberglass or 
aluminum. 
in addition to fishing boats modutech offers a complete line 
of work boats, tug boats, dive boats, and many more..............
in addition to a great 
line of work boats, modutech also offers a full service repair facility. from 
bottom paint to complete overhauls, modutech is the only full service marine 
facility in south puget sound. 
modutech 64' work boat for the usmc          

arizona memorial tour boat

 

 
contact information
be sure to give carl, darrin, or brian a call or send us an e-mail with 
any questions or comments.  
modutech's business hours are 7:30 to 4:00 monday thru friday 

telephone 
253-272-9319
fax 
253-272-9337
postal address 
2218 marine view dr. tacoma wa. 98422
electronic mail 

        brian: brian@modutechmarine.com
            
    darrin: darrin@modutechmarine.com
bruce: bruce@modutechmarine.com
            
    elaine: elaine@modutechmarine.com
 


send mail to brian@modutechmarine.com
 with
questions or comments about this web site.



last modified: 
12/22/09 


