



  





home









































































about us

frpo team

board of directors

corporate sponsors

supporting our community

frpo policies

join our team



membership & resources

benefits of joining frpo

forms and leases

become a member

members code of conduct

certified rental building program

annual reports

fe magazine



events

event calendar

frpo mac awards



advocacy

our policy agenda

reports and submissions



members area

my info

dashboard
my profile
company profile
my invoices
member benefits information
downloads
my event registrations

member story submissions



contact us











log in 











the voice of rental housing in ontario





















upcoming events
find out what's happening














                                cmhc rental market survey breakfast 

march  6, 2025

 toronto - parkview manor 














                                rta webinars: april 3rd & april 16th

april  3, 2025

 webinar














                                rta webinars: april 9th & april 16th

april  9, 2025

 webinar












ontario’s leading advocate for strong and stable rental housing



frpo is the largest association in ontario representing those who own, manage, build and finance residential rental properties. come see the benefits of becoming a frpo member.

learn more











benefits of joining frpo
the federation of rental-housing providers of ontario (frpo) is the largest association in ontario representing those who own, manage, build and finance residential rental properties and their industry partners. frpo works on behalf of members to promote a balanced and healthy housing market with a vital rental-housing industry. 
join frpo today










testimonials
what our member's say






                                    this is my first year i have been a member with frpo, and it’s the best thing i ever did! i want others to know about frpo as it has helped me tremendously! i find there have been times when i am working through a certain issue in property management, and the next thing i know, frpo is holding an educational seminar on the same subject. i find frpo keeps up with the current issues involved in property management and passes that knowledge on to their members.
                                
sharon crowe
sunkist homes inc.



                                    we are a proud member of frpo and it’s been a great way to network by attending and sponsoring their events. it is our number one membership that helps us grow our business and allows us to stay in contact with property managers , developers and other suppliers while keeping us in check with the industry and regulations.
                                
anthony taylor
lincoln construction group 



                                    the [frpo appliance replacement program] prices are amazing. i am probably one of frpo smallest members (5 apts plus my own place), but i count over 30 appliances. the savings in the long run will pay for my frpo membership many times over.
                                
ajo
toronto – hamilton landlord



                                    joining frpo gives you the benefits of staying current on all issues that influence the multi-residential housing industry within ontario at large.  the frpo website provides user friendly portal such as free legal information services, templates,  discount programs, rental news updates on real time, key networking opportunities, and frpo provides advocacy on behalf of the members for quality rental housing.  frpo and the membership are proud supporters of community events and sponsorships to give back to those less fortunate.
                                
kris boyce
signet group



                                    i don’t know how any individual landlord survives without belonging to frpo. the information they provide is absolutely essential to running my business.
                                
steve manders, harrowsmith
kingston, on



                                    the federation of rental-housing providers of ontario is the unified voice that we, as an industry, need to represent us.  it goes beyond the most important function of the organization being that of government relations and advocacy. the quality assurance and esg recognition that comes from joining the canadian certified rental building program, along with the education seminars and various other events which are also invaluable components of membership with frpo. it’s an organization that, since its inception in 1985, we have, with pride, been and continue to be a part of.
                                
margaret herd
park property management











meet our corporate sponsors

















see our corporate sponsors











 










© copyright 2022. federation of rental-housing providers of ontario
































