


concentric games :: home


















concentric games



menu







home


bring & buy


location
contact


					mailing list 




					get tickets 







south australia's premier tabletop gaming event

join us in 2024 for south australia's premier tabletop gaming event!
6–8 september 2024
thebarton community centre

convention hours
friday 6 september: 5:00pm – 10:30pm
		saturday 7 september: 9:00am – 10:30pm
		sunday 8 september: 9:00am – 6:00pm








we are back

spread the word
concentric games is a weekend of tabletop gaming in a social, family-friendly environment. first run
				in 2012, it's held once a year in adelaide, south australia. boardgames, rpgs, card games… all are welcome!
run by gamers, for gamers – concentric is your local tabletop convention. are you looking forward to
				catching up with our community of friends for a dedicated weekend of fun? we certainly are, and
				we're keen to meet all of the new folks who found the hobby since the last time.
get your tickets. tell your friends #concentric2024
 mastodon
 facebook
 instagram
 x-birb










bring & buy

yes, we know you've been waiting for it… there will be a bring & buy table at concentric2024!
register as a seller now.

register now










get rolling

rpg player signups are live
the intrepid gms have been at it again! there's a great range of games lined up. we're scheduling in warhorn again this year. you can head there now and sign up for a game or 2… make that 3.

sign up now










game design

game design sessions are a mainstay at concentric. if you have an interest in tabletop game design, we'd love for you to join us.
this year we have special guest martin wallace joining us with pre-release games and latest designs, as well as new australian publisher delta phase games. stay tuned for an update on the panda playtest pavilion!
the tgda have kindly added a #concentric channel to their discord server for our game design track chat.

tgda discord










our sponsors











































become a sponsor






one of us…
the best way to keep up with everything #concentric2024 is to join our mailing list.














 mastodon
 facebook
 instagram
 x-birb


			©2012 - 2024 concentric games
			any trademarks mentioned belong to their respective owners.
privacy













