













home builders – new construction homes for sale – chicago | hartz homes




































































find a home
quick delivery homes
current promotions
homebuyer’s blog
proven success



 view favorites



 



















my dream home has...


careers
contact us

request a brochure



new home communities

chicagoland west suburbs

armitage pointe – addison
bluebell ridge – bolingbrook


chicagoland southwest suburbs

leigh creek – new lenox
leigh creek duplex townhomes – new lenox
shannon estates – new lenox


chicagoland south suburbs

park west – manteno


active adult communities

lago vista – lockport




about hartz

hartz history
proven success
testimonials
request a brochure


home financing

mortgage payment calculator
mortgage affordability calculator
buy or rent calculator
mortgage preferred lender


what to expect

phases of construction
new home warranty
gallery


hartz design center




 










new construction homes for sale in chicagoland
home builders for a lifetime of memories
 


visualize your new home now 
							check out our home gallery
 


beautiful modern design 
							find your new home community
 









active adult communitieschicagoland south suburbschicagoland southwest suburbschicagoland west suburbs




imagine the lifetime of memories you’ll build in your new hartz home – from summertime barbeques to snowball fights, from relaxing bike rides down tree-lined streets to warm mugs of cocoa on crisp autumn afternoons. imagine the delight of living in a community where great neighbors become good friends. the possibilities are endless when you choose hartz homes.
				


since 1963, hartz homes has built new construction homes and townhomes that offer families great quality, great value and great community neighborhoods. we offer a range of chicagoland locations, gorgeous housing styles and easy floorplans to fit your family’s needs. and with the ability to customize nearly every option we offer, you can build a new home that will fit your lifestyle for years to come.
				


hartz understands families, because we’re a family too – a family-owned business that is serious about respect and integrity. from start to finish, we will work with you one-on-one to guide you through the entire process of building your new home. with hartz homes, you’re in great hands every step of the way.
				
















contact us to learn more!


new homes in
addison, aurora, bolingbrook, lockport, lombard, manteno, mokena, montgomery, new lenox, oakbrook terrace and plainfield.
	





prices are subject to change.
hartz's commitment to the highest standard of design and construction quality requires that specifications, equipment, illustrations, dimensions, floor plans, siteplans, and inclusions are subject to change without notice or obligation. floor plans, elevations, and site plans are artist's conceptions.
		








hartz construction co., inc.
9026 heritage parkway
			woodridge, il 60517-4993
			630.228.3800
			sales@hartzhomes.com





©2025 hartz homes - site by paul gregory media





















