



- american indian movement - aim -


















aim
            trademark
            protection


aim on
            ward churchill
            & wannabes

aim-ggc 
            profile
international 
            indian treaty council
national coalition 
            on racism in sports & media
ncaa mascot decision blog

american indian 
            opportunitiesindustrialization center
aim interpretive
            center
leonard 
            peltier
council 
            on security
ministry of 
            informationpress releases
archives
special events 
            calendarstore















click 
            here to connect to aim radio - 
            continuous live 
            coverage of important native issues .








              please help us spread the word -
email or 
              call 5 to 10 friends and tell them about the aim media project. 
              ask them to contact their friends, and let them know that they can 
              enjoy aim radio, aim music and more. this is viewer supported broadcasting. please consider making a purchase from the online store, 
              or a direct contribution. send your donation (by check, money order, or currency) to: 
              aim media project, p.o. box 17238, minneapolis, mn 55417.






thank you and many 
    blessings.
















to high school, college, graduate students: 
 the american indian movement has attempted to provide information on a variety of issues on our website. as we continue to build our site, we hope that the information will assist students in their quest for writing term papers, and other scholarly work. we receive many requests for more information, interviews about a variety of issues. unfortunately, it is not possible to reply to all of these many requests. if you email us, a reply may not be forthcoming. we will reply on a case by case request, and attempt to refer you to other areas of interest.
thank you for visiting us.







declassified fbi/cia/justic dept/white house docs on aim: see council on security & intelligence 
aimggc profile | a brief history | ncrsm
              ncrsm blogger re: ncaa decision  | archives
aim/iitc speakers bureau | peacemaker center | leonard peltier 
ministry for information press releases | council on security and intelligence | aim store 
email: aimggc@att.net 
















