





















home - calu








































skip to content



member loginbecome a membermember loginbecome a member 


search for:








toggle navigationaboutabout calufounding and charter membersboard of directorscalu by-lawscalu volunteersthe calu teamcareerscontact usmembershipmember benefitsjoin nowadvocacypublic policy prioritiesissues and submissionsgrassroots advocacy resourcespartners and collaboratorsevents & learningupcoming eventscorporate-owned life insurance webinar seriescalu connect2025 conference & agmpast eventson-demand logincontinuing educationmentorship programvirtual event registration policypublicationscalu informationcalu tax bytescalu reportscalu special reportsinfoexchangecalu practice notescra roundtablespublications en françaiswhat’s new 


search for:








become a membermember login 


search for:








toggle navigationaboutabout calufounding and charter membersboard of directorscalu by-lawscalu volunteersthe calu teamcareerscontact usmembershipmember benefitsjoin nowadvocacypublic policy prioritiesissues and submissionsgrassroots advocacy resourcespartners and collaboratorsevents & learningupcoming eventscorporate-owned life insurance webinar seriescalu connect2025 conference & agmpast eventson-demand logincontinuing educationmentorship programvirtual event registration policypublicationscalu informationcalu tax bytescalu reportscalu special reportsinfoexchangecalu practice notescra roundtablespublications en françaiswhat’s new 


search for:









 





homemichael@elearnza.com2025-02-11t14:23:28-05:00 
registration for the 2025 conference & agm is now open. check out the program to learn more about the exciting line up!insights & updatesstay informed with the latest news and publications from calu.






 




highlights from 2024 fall economic statementceleste luery2024-12-18t11:10:39-05:00december 16, 2024|advocacy, from government and parliament, publications and reports| read calu’s summary of the 2024 fall economic statement, ...







 




infoexchange 2024 vol. 4 is now available!alison kennedy2024-12-11t15:51:05-05:00december 11, 2024|infoexchange, publications and reports| in our final infoexchange of 2024 you’ll read: message ...







 




amt update: legislation enacted and proposed amendmentsceleste luery2024-11-14t09:17:49-05:00november 14, 2024|calu report, publications and reports| in an update from our september 2023 calu report, ...

view moreget involved. stay informed.turn ideas into action.learn morewhere we lead,
change follows.the conference for advanced life underwriting (calu) is canada’s professional association for leaders in the life insurance and financial advisory industry. we provide our members with a collaborative environment that promotes shared learning, professional development, engagement and advocacy.
learn more about what we do and how we provide a collaborative community to our members – helping them connect, stay informed and turn ideas into action.
membership & communitybecome part of a national community of industry leaders dedicated to strengthening the financial well-being of all canadians.
get involvedevents &
learningaccess high-quality content and learn from industry partners, technical experts and thought leaders from across canada.
enhance your learningknowledge & researchgain exclusive access to the latest research, practices and tools needed to chart your path to success and support the success of your clients.
explore tools & resourcespublic policy & advocacywe are a trusted non-partisan voice on tax and public policy issues for the benefit of individual canadians and the small business community.

advocacy in actionwhere we lead,
change follows.calu is the only professional association for canada’s advanced life insurance and financial advisors. we provide our members with a collaborative environment that promotes shared learning, professional development, engagement, and advocacy.
learn more about what we do and how we provide a collaborative community to our members – helping them connect, stay informed, and turn ideas into action.
membership & communitybecome part of a national community of industry leaders dedicated to strengthening the financial well-being of all canadians.
get involvedevents &
learningaccess high-quality content and learn from industry partners, technical experts, and thought leaders from across canada.
enhance your learningknowledge & researchgain exclusive access to the latest research, practices, and tools needed to chart your path to success, and support the success of your clients.
explore tools & resourcespublic policy & advocacywe advocate on behalf of all canadians to address the complex, inconsistent, and unfair rules that control taxation, retirement planning, succession planning, and healthcare.
take actionbecome a calu member!when you join calu, you become part of a national community of industry leaders dedicated to strengthening the financial well-being of canadians.
become a member



 
 
600-170 laurier ave. west, ottawa, on k1p 5v5
© copyright 2025 conference for advanced life underwriting    |  privacy policy | website built by elearnza
600-170 laurier ave. west, ottawa, on k1p 5v5
get in touch!© copyright 2025 conference for advanced life underwriting |      all rights reserved   |   built by elearnza


 
 
page load link












go to top





