     bob sight ford lee's summit | new ford and used car dealership kansas city                                                                                  bob sight ford inc        sales 816-524-6550    service 816-524-6556  parts 816-524-7122  body shop 816-524-7003   610 nw blue parkwaylees summit, mo 64063                                          service        map        contact                       bob sight ford inc            call 816-524-6550   directions                  home   new   search inventory   new ford courtesy transportation vehicles   new ford offers   model showroom   kbb instant cash offer!   ford protect   aftermarket accessories    shop all models   how express works     ev   ev inventory   electric vehicles   kansas city new f-150 lightning   ford mustang mach-e   ford e-transit   ford home ev charging guide     pre-owned   search inventory   blue certified - pre owned    vehicles under 15k   kbb instant cash offer!   certified pre-owned overview   ford blue advantage money back guarantee     contact us   commercial   finance   finance   credit application   kbb instant cash offer!   calculate your vehicle budget   second chance financing   auto finance basics   vehicle service contracts   ford first responder and military appreciation     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service appointment   schedule mobile service   ford service center   service & parts specials    body shop & collision center in lee's summit, missouri   parts orders     specials   new ford offers   pre-owned specials   military offers   frontline & first responders   kansas city chiefs bonus cash     research   model showroom   2024 ford mustang   2023 ford f-150 models   hybrid vehicles   plug-in hybrid vehicles   2024 ford maverick     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   customer reviews   hours & directions   careers   why buy from bob sight ford   sight family history   bob sight cares   frequency asked questions   news and events   our blog                     home   new   search inventory   new ford courtesy transportation vehicles   new ford offers   model showroom   kbb instant cash offer!   ford protect   aftermarket accessories    shop all models   how express works     ev   ev inventory   electric vehicles   kansas city new f-150 lightning   ford mustang mach-e   ford e-transit   ford home ev charging guide     pre-owned   search inventory   blue certified - pre owned    vehicles under 15k   kbb instant cash offer!   certified pre-owned overview   ford blue advantage money back guarantee     contact us   commercial   finance   finance   credit application   kbb instant cash offer!   calculate your vehicle budget   second chance financing   auto finance basics   vehicle service contracts   ford first responder and military appreciation     service & parts   service & parts   schedule service appointment   schedule mobile service   ford service center   service & parts specials    body shop & collision center in lee's summit, missouri   parts orders     specials   new ford offers   pre-owned specials   military offers   frontline & first responders   kansas city chiefs bonus cash     research   model showroom   2024 ford mustang   2023 ford f-150 models   hybrid vehicles   plug-in hybrid vehicles   2024 ford maverick     about   about   our dealership   meet our staff   customer reviews   hours & directions   careers   why buy from bob sight ford   sight family history   bob sight cares   frequency asked questions   news and events   our blog               





    463 vehicles available   filter your search   basic search advanced search search by stock   basic advanced by stock      all new used certified    any year  any make  any model search     new used certified    any year  any make  any model  any body style  any price search     new used      search       








                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        disclaimer          disclaimer          disclaimer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            












view deals











view details











schedule now












schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory        
     










     a vehicle for every lifestyle  see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.      mustang      mach-e      escape      edge      explorer      expedition      bronco      bronco sport      maverick      ranger      f-150      f-150 lightning      super duty      e-transit      transit      transit connect     explore all new inventory        



follow bob sight ford on social media


                                 


      
trust is our tradition!














a century strong
for generations, customers have chosen bob sight auto group for their vehicles. 

the reason is simple building relationships is our priority, and it has been for more than a century. you'll feel a sense of family and the importance we place on lasting connections.

buy it online


















get pre-approved auto financing
discover hassle-free finance solutions right here in lee's summit
join us on a journey where finding the perfect car is as easy as cruising in it. this isn't your typical dealership; this is the bob sight family, where you're always welcome.
calculate your payment


















auto deals, specials, and monthly offers
exclusive offers available for a limited time.
bob sight ford offers monthly incentives and special offers on new and used cars, trucks, and suvs. bookmark this page or get price drop alerts.
view specials


















reliable car, truck, and suv service
book your next service appointment at bob sight ford.
we provide auto repair for all makes and models. schedule online to book an appointment. shop our latest service and parts specials.
schedule service


















f-series
the best-selling trucks in america for 40 straight years.
it's not luck. and it isn't a coincidence. since 1977, f-150 and super duty have been the best-selling trucks for some very real and hardcore reasons: rock-solid durability.
find yours








       

what bob sight ford customers are saying:


read our reviews




see what our customers are saying


read our reviews

     

welcome to bob sight ford, trust is our tradition!
a dealership should feel like family, not a sales floor.
here, we’re not just a sales team; we’re a crew of car enthusiasts treating you like one of our own. forget pushy sales tactics and the whole “lemme talk to my manager” song and dance. if it doesn't feel good for you, it doesn’t sit right with us. 
honesty should be the norm,not the exception.
at bob sight, transparency isn’t a buzzword; it’s the bedrock of how we do
business. we believe in clear communication, fair deals, and a car-buying experience where every detail is laid out for you to see. 
our goal is getting you in, out, and on the road.
we get it, no one wants to spend all day at a dealership. from online tools to streamline processes, bob sight is the most tech-savvy, hassle-free place to buy or service a car. 

get ready to join us on a journey where finding the perfect car is as easy as cruising in it. this
isn't your typical dealership; this is the bob sight family, and you’re always welcome. 
since 1923, the sight name and the bob sight group have been integral to the automotive landscape in kansas city. at bob sight ford, we continue this legacy proudly, offering a wide selection of new ford inventory and used vehicles, value your trade-in, start a custom order or ask about our financing options. whether you're from overland park, independence, blue springs, or beyond, our dealership is here to cater to your needs. explore our inventory, value your trade-in, or inquire about financing options – we're here to make your car-buying journey seamless and enjoyable. 
looking for guidance on your next vehicle? check out these competitively priced models!seeking adventure? look no further than the ford bronco an ideal choice for those craving off-road excitement in a compact suv. with its effortless navigation through tough terrain and comfortable ride on paved roads, the bronco delivers. powered by an all-turbocharged engine lineup, it offers swift acceleration and impressive towing capabilities. plus, its user-friendly infotainment system, spacious cargo area, and convertible top and door options enhance the driving experience.

excited about a truck that offers advanced features? the ford f-150 boasts a 12-inch digital productivity screen with navigation, intelligent adaptive cruise control, and off-road vehicle orientation. selectable drive modes cater to various driving conditions, and with seating for up to six passengers, it's as practical as it is innovative.
looking for the ultimate exploration vehicle? look no further than the ford explorer offering adjustable interior space and comfort for the whole family with seating for 7. enjoy efficient fuel economy with 20 city / 28 highway mpg, and indulge in a panoramic view of the sky and fresh air with the twin-panel moonroof, bringing the outdoors in. with intelligent 4wd powertrain and braking systems, you're ready for any journey with the traction needed for all conditions. 
learn more





sales hours     monday 8:30am - 6:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 6:00pm    friday 8:30am - 6:00pm    saturday 9:00am - 4:00pm    sunday closed    

              although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. price does not include applicable tax, title, and license charges. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.


although every reasonable effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. this site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. all vehicles are subject to prior sale. ‡vehicles shown at different locations are not currently in our inventory (not in stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week. please call for additional information (816) 524-6550. all rebates to the dealer. all prior sales excluded. in stock units only. 0% offers may be in lieu of factory rebates, and are based on approved tier 1 credit through ford motor credit. we make every attempt to display 100% accurate information, please call ahead to verify any information. please note license fee ($6.00), administrative fee ($550), sales taxes, and finance charges are additional to the advertised price.


             copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | forddirect privacy | privacy | additional disclosures bob sight ford inc | 610 nw blue parkway, lees summit, mo 64063 | sales: 816-524-6550 |          816-323-8750      




















                  