





aashto store: browse transportation publications and online training





















































































faq
answers







contact us
email, phone, fax







my account
sign in or register





sign in
 


×



if you have already registered with the aashto store, please sign in using your aashto account email address and password.



forgot your password?


sign in




 register with aashto


creating an aashto account is easy. you get special discounted prices and simpler online ordering.
register











                                            0
                                        
+

























all current
all publications
all training
historical references
















 
forgot digital password

×









please provide your email address and select the "get password" button to receive your digital password via email.


email address:*








cancel
get password

 
















shop by phone: +1 (800)-231-3475




























publications 





new publications

guidelines for the qualification of structural bolting inspectors, g4.2–2024
guide for reducing the cradle-to-gate embodied carbon emissions of paving concrete, 1st edition, 2025
standard specifications for structural supports for highway signs, luminaires, and traffic signals, 6th edition, 2025 interim revisions



view all new publications





featured publications

aashto lrfd bridge design specifications, 10th edition
guide for the development of bicycle facilities, 5th edition
standard specifications for transportation materials and methods of sampling and testing, and aashto provisional standards, 44th edition, 2024



view all featured publications





mailing list subscribe/unsubscribe












essential library







aashto archives







administration & economics







asset management & planning







bridges & structures







construction & right-of-way







data







design & traffic







environment







highway transport & trucking







maintenance







materials, testing, & pavement







operations







passenger rail & freight







pe collection







reports







safety









                                                            new publications
                                                        




                                                            featured publications
                                                        




                                                            subscribe newsletter
                                                        




                                                            catalog subscribe/unsubscribe
                                                        









technical training 





new training

currently no new training is available.



view all new training courses





featured training

earthwork calculations for highway construction (2.5 pdhs)
passing zone markings and layout (2.5 pdhs)



view all featured training courses




subscribe newsletter


subscribe prepaid training








aashto technical training solutions developed courses






construction







employee development







maintenance







materials







pavement preservation







traffic safety







texas dot courses







aashto winter weather management



other courses






operations







aashtoware







design







aashto performance management







census transportation solutions








                                                            new training
                                                        




                                                            free training
                                                        




                                                            featured training
                                                        




                                                            subscribe newsletter
                                                        




                                                            subscribe prepaid training
                                                        










aashto home
                                




































































featured publications 











aashto publications catalog, 2025 vol. 1














aashto publications catalog, 2025 vol. 1












aashto lrfd bridge design specifications, 10th edition












guide for the development of bicycle facilities, 5th edition












standard specifications for transportation materials and methods of sampling and testing, and aashto provisional standards, 44th edition, 2024












manual on uniform traffic control devices for streets and highways, 11th edition












uniform audit and accounting guide for audits of architectural and engineering (a/e) consulting firms, 2024 edition, single user pdf download












aashto transportation operations manual, 1st edition












guide for pavement friction, 2nd edition












manual on subsurface investigations, 2nd edition












aashto guide for the planning, design, and operation of pedestrian facilities, 2nd edition, single user pdf download












guide specifications for highway construction, 10th edition, with 2022 interim revisions












a policy on geometric design of highways and streets, 7th edition












manual for bridge evaluation, 3rd edition, with 2020 and 2022 interim revisions












aashto lrfd bridge construction specifications, 4th edition, with 2020, 2022, 2023, and 2024 interim revisions












manual for assessing safety hardware, second edition












roadside design guide, 4th edition












highway safety manual, 1st edition, with 2014 supplement












standard specifications for highway bridges, 17th edition

























featured training











aashto technical training solutions subscriptions














aashto technical training solutions subscriptions












earthwork calculations for highway construction (2.5 pdhs)












passing zone markings and layout (2.5 pdhs)












production site safety for the aggregate inspector (3 pdhs)












welding and fabrication (3 pdhs)












aashto designation t 85 (1.5 pdhs)












aashto designation t 27 (1.5 pdhs)












asphalt compaction basics for roller operators (3.5 pdhs)












fundamentals of geomatics applications in highway construction (2 pdhs)












managing by the schedule (3 pdhs)












coating maintenance and specifications (2 pdhs)












coating materials and application (3 pdhs)












coating and corrosion preparation (3 pdhs)












application of unmanned aerial systems (uas) for bridge inspections (2.5 pdhs)












introduction to unmanned aerial systems (uas) for highway transportation (3 pdhs)












cable barrier maintenance and repair (3 pdhs)












public relation skills (2 pdhs)












right of way engineering essentials	(3.5 pdhs)












transportation communication best practices (2 pdhs)












rigid deck overlays (3.5 pdhs)












snow & ice for pedestrian and bicycle facilities (4 pdhs)












basics of constructability (3 pdhs)












state procurement and disposal – concepts for state dot equipment fleets (3 pdhs)












maintenance for rock slopes and rock slope repairs (3 pdhs)












working with law enforcement in work zones (3 pdhs)












inspection of electrical systems (2 pdhs)












temporary traffic control and safety in short-term work zones (3 pdhs)












drainage impacts during highway construction	(3 pdhs)












maintenance and repair of bridge bearings (1 pdhs)












aashto designation t 176 (1.5 pdhs)












strategies for accommodating pedestrians, bicyclists, and motorcyclists in work zones (4 pdhs)












aashto designation t 304 (1.5 pdhs)












fundamentals of traffic operations (4.5 pdhs)












how to meet modal needs (4 pdhs)












hot-dip galvanized steel for highway transportation (4 pdhs)












fundamentals of road safety audits  (5 pdhs)












reinforcing steel for structures  (2.5 pdhs)












fundamentals of digital construction inspection  (3 pdhs)












fundamentals of ultra-high performance concrete for structures (3 pdhs)












hydrodemolition for bridge deck rehabilitation (2.5 pdhs)












fundamentals of bicycle infrastructure (4 pdhs)












performance-based prioritization using multi-objective decision analysis (moda)- (1.5 pdhs)












qa: basic statistical and probability concepts (1 pdh)












qa: calculating statistical values to analyze data (1 pdh)












installation and inspection of precast pavement systems (2.5 pdh)












random sampling of construction materials (1 pdh)












quality assurance concepts (1.5 pdh)












construction safety: hazardous materials  (1 pdh)












construction safety: confined spaces (1 pdhs)












construction safety: working safely in work zones (1 pdhs)












construction safety: concrete and masonry construction (1 pdh)












construction safety: crane safety (0.5 pdhs)












aashto designation: t 355 (0.5 pdh)












aashto designation: t 310 (0.5 pdh)












aashto designation: r 97 (0.5 pdh)












aashto designation: r 66 (0.5 pdh)












construction safety: demolition of structures (1 pdh)












construction safety: material and personnel hoists (1 pdh)












quality and durability issues related to cold weather concreting (1.5 pdh)












introduction to gis mapping (2 pdhs)












qa: frequency tables and histograms (0.5 pdh)












construction safety: fall protection (1 pdh)












construction safety: scaffolding safety (0.5 pdh)












aashto designation: r 100 (0.5 pdh)












aashto designation: t 152 (1 pdh)












basics of concrete (0.5 pdh)












qa: collecting data through sampling (1 pdh)












qa: introduction to variability  (0.5 pdh)












qa: introduction to quality assurance specifications (1 pdh)












qa: introduction to quality assurance programs (1 pdh)












aashto designation: t 119 (0.5 pdhs)












aashto designation: t 309 (0.5 pdhs)












aashto designation: r 60 (0.5 pdhs)












aashto designation: t 121 (1 pdh)












construction safety: personal protective equipment (1 pdh)












removal and replacement of bridge coatings (1 pdh)












construction safety: recognition and avoidance of unsafe conditions  (0.5 pdh)












bridge cleaning (1 pdh)












math basics for construction inspectors (1.5 pdh)












thin-polymer bridge deck overlay systems  (1 pdh)












math basics for maintenance technicians (1.5 pdhs)












establishing core equipment complements and the optimal sizing of state equipment fleets (3 pdhs)












quality management systems  (2.5 pdh)












bridge preservation guide (1.5 pdh)












aashto designation: t 166 (1 pdh)












shop drawings (1 pdh)












aashto designation: t 30 (1 pdh)












pavement markings (3.5 pdhs)












winter maintenance management (2 pdhs)












selecting snow and ice control materials to mitigate environmental impacts (2 pdhs)












proper plowing techniques (2 pdhs)












performance measures for snow and ice control operation (4 pdhs)












equipment maintenance (2 pdhs)












deicing (4 pdhs)












blowing snow mitigation (3 pdhs)












anti-icing/rwis: anti-icing practice in winter maintenance operations (3 pdhs)












anti-icing/rwis: computer access to road weather information (3 pdhs)












anti-icing/rwis: weather and roadway monitoring for anti-icing decisions (3 pdhs)












anti-icing/rwis: weather basics (3 pdhs)












anti-icing/rwis: winter roadway hazards and the principles of overcoming them (3 pdhs)












anti-icing/rwis: winter road maintenance management (3 pdhs)












anti-icing/rwis: introduction to anti-icing and winter maintenance (3 pdhs)












intelligent compaction (2 pdhs)












high visibility garments (1 pdhs)












personal protective equipment (ppe) (1 pdhs)



























frequently asked questions





how do i qualify for the member price?



aashto offers "member" and "non-member" (or "list") prices. aashto member organizations include all u.s. state departments of transportation. aashto associate members (who also receive the member price) include several u.s. federal, local, and regional agencies; most canadian provincial ministries of transportation; and several international transportation organizations. aashto membership is not available for private sector organizations or individuals. a complete list of aashto member and associate member organizations can be found here.





is there a cost to register for an aashto account?



no. registering for an aashto account is completely free. employees of aashto member organizations will need to create an aashto account to buy publications online at the member price. non-members who sign up for aashto accounts get free shipping within the u.s. or discounted international shipping on all online orders. members and non-members both have access to certain aashto electronic publication downloads, online order tracking, and other benefits through their aashto account. there are no costs for any of these benefits. to register for an aashto account, vclick on the my account button at the top of this page.





how can i update my account information?



to update your email address, billing and shipping information, or password, click on the my account button at the top of this page and then look for the "update profile," "change email address," and "change password" links under my profile.





how much are shipping costs?



aashto members, within the united states and its possessions, receive free standard shipping on all orders. customers with aashto accounts receive free standard shipping when ordering publications online at the aashto store. all others pay shipping fees equal to 5% of their order total for orders shipped within the united states and its possessions. overnight and second-day shipping are available at an additional charge. members and those with aashto accounts do not receive discounts on express shipping. international shipping fees equal 20% of the order total for those with aashto accounts and 25% for all others.





what payment methods does aashto accept when ordering publications?



credit cards: publication orders placed online, by phone, or by mail may be paid by credit card. aashto accepts visa, mastercard, and american express.
checks and money orders: publication orders placed by mail may be paid by check or money order, with funds in u.s. dollars and drawn on a u.s. bank. checks or money orders must be accompanied by a completed aashto order form.
purchase orders: employees of aashto member organizations may pay using purchase orders when placing publication orders online at the aashto store. in addition, employees of aashto member organizations, as well as employees of u.s. government agencies (federal, state, city, county, or tribal) may pay using purchase orders when ordering by phone, mail, or fax. mail or fax orders must be accompanied by a completed aashto order form.





what are acceptable methods of payment?



customers may pay by credit card only.





what is a web-based training?



a web-based training is an online training that can be accessed from any computer with an internet connection. web-based trainings are self-paced and are not led by an instructor. you can access a web-based training at any time through the my training page and return to it as many times as you wish.





do i get pdhs for participating in aashto technical training solutions trainings?



aashto technical training solutions offers pdhs for most of their online courses. to document your course attendance and the associated pdhs, aashto technical training solutions includes a certificate for your use. with the broad range of opportunities to earn pdhs, it is up to you, the licensee, to determine whether the activity qualifies under your state or board’s requirements. even with the certificate, determination of qualifying activities must be made by the licensee or state. your transcript displays a record of your aashto technical training solutions training history as well as the pdhs awarded for each training.





what is the texas dot courses training category?



all of the courses in this category are provided by the texas department of transportation, which means they will have a different format than tc3 trainings. members of all state agencies may take these courses; however, know that this is not a tc3 course and all of the information provided is specific to texas.














featured videos




guide for the development of bicycle facilities, 5th edition

























aashto publications

new releases
coming soon
publication formats
publications faq
aashto archive
legal information
privacy policy



aashto pricing/discounts

aashto member discount
e-affiliate program
academic discounts
pe exam collection discount
volume discounts
accredited lab discount
atts publication discount



aashto training

atts home
coming soon
subscriptions
discipline matrix
training discount
training faq



contact us

aashto contacts
order publications
publications order form
technical support
return policy
copyright permissions
mailing list subscribe/unsubscribe

follow us


 


















                            © american association of state highway and transportation officials.
                            555 12th street, nw, suite 1000, washington, dc 20004
                        















