


home - ohio to erie trail




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








member loginmenuhomemaps interactive map business directory maps current brochure trail ride with gps  alerts plan your trip support the trail news and events about us new member signup






trail adventures start hereexplore our brochure to get started with your adventure!trail brochureorder a trail guide map setour updated trail guides are available featuring a list of camping options.  current version is dated 2022order mapsinteractive map, gps and moreour most popular resource is our interactive map and the 4 gps download files.   interactive mapnews, alerts and social medialearn more about the trail, current alerts and get answers to your questions. quick linkstrail alertsconstruction updates are posted as soon as we are notified.  view alertskeyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right•••••





donate
your contribution will be used in our efforts to complete the longest off-street and paved recreational trail in ohio.

donate now




trail shop
visit our online store to see our selection of clothing and other ohio to erie trail products.


visit trail shop 



amenities & attractions
food, bike shops, parks

amenities

attractions 







welcome to the ohio to erie trail!


this scenic 326 mile trail links the ohio river to lake erie, primarily on rail trails and canal paths.  it traverses four major cities, numerous quaint small towns and miles of pastoral countryside.  this website is your source for getting the most out of your visit, whether you’re taking a short walk or you are planning to join the 326 mile club by riding, hiking, skating, or otherwise traveling the whole trail. here you will find everything you need to know from route maps, gps files, lodging options, good eats, attractions, events and much more!  see you on the trail!













quick links



interactive map




trail services




newsletter




326 club 



 recent articlesnews, events, announcements and alerts






home
about ustrail alertsboard of directors
media kit
faq
trail partnerstrail photos & blogs
contact us
terms of use
privacy policyshare this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter

ohiotoerietrail@gmail.com
phone: 614-918-3636
copyright 2023 all rights reserved








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









