




west virginia foundation for rape information and services (wv fris) | information and resources for victims of sexual violence and stalking
























skip navigation | for immediate assistance call the national sexual assault hotline: 1-800-656-hope


west virginia foundation for rape information and services







quick exit


home
crisis centers
information and support
laws
sexual violence 
sexual harassment
stalking and harassment
dating violence
human trafficking
campus sexual violence
sarts
forensic medical exam
prevention
resources
sexual assault kit initiative
online trainings
collaborations
special projects
upcoming events





home




wvfris
 
who we are and what we do
the west virginia foundation for rape information and services (wvfris) is west virginia's state sexual assault coalition. wvfris was established in 1982 and is comprised of the state's rape crisis centers. wvfris works with the rape crisis centers and other allied professionals to develop and strengthen intervention and prevention programs in the state that address sexual violence and stalking.
 
note that wvfris also addresses the issues of human trafficking and dating violence because they often involve sexual violence and stalking. wvfris encourages and supports related state and local efforts to respond to and eliminate these forms of violence in partnership with other allied organizations.
 
our vision

eliminate sexual violence and stalking; and
alleviate the suffering of those who have been victimized.

 
our mission

promote the compassionate and just treatment of survivors and their loved ones;
foster collaborative relationships to promote victim healing and justice and prevent sexual violence and stalking; and
create attitudinal and behavioral changes around sexual violence and stalking through education, victim services and social change efforts.

 
wvfris supports the rights of all victims to accessible, free and confidential services where they are treated with dignity and respect.  wvfris supports the rights guaranteed through the sexual assault victims bill of rights, and the rights of victims to make autonomous choices about reporting, prosecution, healthcare, safety and their personal needs.
 
this website is designed to provide information and resources to victims and those professionals seeking information to better serve them, as well as those interested in preventing sexual violence, human trafficking and stalking.
 






help support the wvfris vision and mission by placing a secure donation through paypal. you can also register to donate to wvfris everytime you make a purchase with amazonsmile.
your donations are appreciated!
 
 


wvfris staff contact information



position title:
telephone number:





director of programs
304-241-1802


state coordinator
304-366-9500


stalking/college project coordinator
304-472-0038


victim services coordinator
304-379-8970


sasp project coordinator
304-368-9543


sart project coordinator
304-622-4441


sane project coordinator
304-685-3159


rural project coordinator
304-825-6122


finance manager
304-368-0020


education coordinator
304-366-9508


assistant state coordinator
304-622-4441


 
 
wvfris email: wvfris@frontier.com
 
follow wvfris on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/wvfris
 
please note that email and social media are not confidential forms of communication. confidential victim services can be secured through any of the  crisis centers in west virginia.
 
wvfris does not discriminate on the basis of actual or perceived race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability or age in the delivery of services or creation of resources.
 
back to top
 










home | 
crisis centers | 
victim information guide | 
laws | 
sexual violence | 
sexual harassment | 
stalking and harassment | 
dating violence | 


human trafficking | 
campus sexual violence | 
sarts | 
forensic medical exam | 
prevention | 
resources | 
collaborations | 
special projects | 
upcoming events


west virginia foundation for rape information and services (wv fris)
email: wvfris@frontier.com
          copyright 1998-2020 © wv fris, inc. all rights reserved worldwide.
connect with us on facebook


			site design by: wes gibson








