






bighorn river view lodge and cabins











































































 




skip to content




the only thing we overlook is the river!




bighorn river view lodge and cabins
home
your trip

lodging
dining & meal service
guided fishing trips
hunting & fishing packages
fly fishing guide school
what to pack
driving directions / airport info
refund policy


fishing & hunting

hunting & fishing packages
guide school package
guided fishing trips


fish stories

reviews
photo gallery


fishing resources

fishing license
bighorn hatch chart
bighorn river etiquette
birdwatching
weather, water & parks resources


contact us







let us help you create beautiful memories on montana's bighorn river
the bighorn river in fort smith, a small, former cavalry outpost nestled in the foothills of the bighorn mountains, is arguably the finest trout stream for fly fishing in montana if not the world. big sky country, long summer days, cool, clear starry nights and plenty of big trout. if you are looking to catch big, wild, powerful trout that will take you into your backing, the bighorn is the place for you. we specialize in guided fishing floats and have have personally selected a group of the finest guides on the bighorn. 
welcome to bighorn river view lodge and cabins. we look forward to helping you plan your trip! - cary & david horneman
meet lodge owners, cary & david horneman
we've created an unmatched destination lodging, fishing and outfitting experience at the bighorn river view lodge and cabins. we look forward to welcoming you and providing the highest level of service and hospitality during your stay with us. while the views from our lodge and cabins are certainly spectacular, you will also find your accommodations comfortable, clean and ready for you to relax after your days out on the river or after a day of hunting. our lodge and cabins are all updated with all of the comforts of home!  whether you are a new guest, or considering your accommodations for a return trip, we're certain you'll appreciate some of our many upgrades:

open year round! the bighorn is certainly known for it's summer and fall fishing, but fishing is good year round and we also welcome hunters.
cabins each freshly madeover, with new linens, comforters, pillows and towels and upgraded with flatscreen tv's, directtv and free wifi.
fire pit overlooking the river, making for a great gathering place to share evening drinks and stories.
dining room with a flat-screen tv and a 24-hour tea, lemonade and coffee bar. 
delicious meal options, all home-made and locally sourced when possible.
and, we certainly haven't forgotten your furry friends! we are dog friendly, and we welcome your dog at no additional cost. 

there are many great fishing lodges throughout montana, but the bighorn river view lodge and cabins can now boast the finest accommodations and the most incredible view overlooking the fabulous bighorn river.

 

lodging, dining, fishing, hunting & guide school 
lodging & cabins

in our comfortable cabins, our guests have a wonderful place to rest and relax after a day on the river. your private deck offers views of the river, along with many more amenities. 

dining

don't worry about shopping or cooking. we offer delicious homemade meals, locally sourced and served family style in our dining room overlooking the river. 

guided fishing trips

make the most of your time on the bighorn with a guided float. whether you are a beginner, intermediate or advanced angler, our guides can promise you an unforgettable experience. 

cast & blast

we are excited to announce that we are offering "cast and blast" fishing and hunting packages on the bighorn river for the 2017 hunting season! 

fly fishing clinic

the bighorn river view guide school is not only for those who want to become guides but also those looking to become a better angler. 


 

reservations

						we look forward to helping you plan your trip and to share with you more about our new upgrades and services.					
contact us today


 





 



   


bighorn river view lodge and cabins
po box 7872
fort smith, mt  59035
phone: 406-666-2550 / 406-314-2550
email: 2flyfish@nemont.net
submit a reservation request
fly fishing outfitter #5409
hunting outfitter: #529

    
  



proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
			theme: moesia by athemes | manage by 24x7wpsupport

























