



































diagnosed with adhd? - optometrists.org













































find an eye doctor










				search near me
			























vision therapy
children's vision
primary eye care
about
join
search


















home  >  vision therapy  >  vision therapy for adhd  >  does my child have adhd?  >  diagnosed with adhd? 

diagnosed with adhd?




									by dr. russel lazarus
								





has your child been diagnosed with adhd? could it be an undiagnosed vision problem?
some vision problems present with the same symptoms as adhd. find out which vision problems could be causing your child to struggle in school.
avoiding homework, difficulty reading, and poor concentration are all symptoms that are often attributed to attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd); however, they can also be caused by functional vision problems.
for your child to receive the correct treatment for their symptoms, they first need a correct diagnosis. if the issue is a functional vision problem, an eye doctor will be able to identify it during a comprehensive eye exam and prescribe the proper treatment.
what are functional vision problems?
functional vision problems are usually categorized into three main areas: eye teaming, eye tracking and eye focusing.

poor eye focusing skills makes it difficult for a child to maintain clear vision at different distances.


poor eye tracking skills hinder the eyes’ inability to fixate, track and jump from one item to the next.


poor eye teaming skills is the inability to use the two eyes together as a coordinated team.

the challenges caused by these deficiencies in visual skills overlap with adhd symptoms. if your child has been diagnosed with adhd or has difficulty paying close attention to details, completing school work and following instructions, don’t risk a misdiagnosis.
see related: boys, adhd and brain injuries
schedule an appointment with an eye doctor near you to have your child’s functional vision assessed.

find an eye doctor for children near you










			search near me
		


signs of reduced functional vision skills
according to studies, children with poor visual skills are 3x as likely as their classmates to be diagnosed with adhd.
certain signs and behaviors can arise when a child’s functional visual skills are impaired:
1. difficulty paying attention in class
regular classroom tasks become significantly more difficult, leading to tiredness, inability to sit still and feelings of frustration.
2. reading below grade level
eye focusing and teaming problems can make reading very difficult and uncomfortable, causing a child to read at a slower pace or avoid the tasks entirely.
3. difficulty reading
poor eye tracking can cause a child to jump from word to word on the page or skip lines when reading and writing. it can also make it difficult to pay attention to small details,  reduce reading fluency and increase distractibility when reading.
4. loss of concentration
difficulty focusing on the board can harm concentration, possibly resulting in ‘daydreaming’ or distracting classmates.
5. rushing through school work
reading and writing skills become more challenging when functional vision is reduced. as a result, children may speed through their homework, resulting in careless errors.
6. difficulties playing sports
while participating in sports, it’s critical for a player to be able to estimate the position and course of the ball, as well as other players.  this is challenging for children with limited functional vision.
more symptoms of poor functional vision skills:

lack of interest in reading
frequent rubbing of the eyes
excessive squinting

if your child has functional vision problems, vision therapy could be the go-to treatment.
vision therapy is a personalized treatment program designed to strengthen and improve visual skills, and retrain a child’s visual system to interpret visual input with increased accuracy and ease.
learn more: vision therapy for adhd
schedule a comprehensive functional vision assessment with an eye doctor near you so they can evaluate and properly diagnose any vision problems your child may have.


 

share


 email
 facebook
 twitter
 linkedin
 print





										back to:
adhd and vision: recent research »





related articles



boys, adhd and brain injuries






related topics



can vision problems be misdiagnosed as adhd?





what is adhd?





adhd and vision problems: 2 important studies





does my child have adhd or a vision problem?





adhd faqs





how are adhd and vision problems related? top 6 q&as





the 18 'red flags' of adhd





adhd and vision: recent research





visual side effects of adhd medication





adhd and vision: success stories





does adhd cause social problems?














find an eye doctor










			search near me
		






about us
your plain english library for vision therapy, children's vision, neuro-optometry, and primary eye care.

about us
sitemap
contact us



vision therapy

guide to vision therapy
for adults
for children
for adhd
for learning difficulties
for lazy eye
neuro-optometry



children’s vision

vision for school
vision for special needs
visual development
pediatric eye conditions
children’s eye exams
eye turns



primary eye care

eye health
binocular visual dysfunction
low vision
myopia management
eye conditions
sports vision 
eye exams
optical and contacts




looking for an eye doctor?
find an eye doctor

have an optometry practice?
join the network


© 1996-2023 optometrists network - powered by eyecarepro - 70 north meadow crescent, thornhill on l4j 3b1, canada





find an eye doctor











