






bathtub repair | tub refinishing | bathtub liners | surface specialists
























invalid zip code
please enter a valid zip code.



multiple locations






sorry, we do not show anyone servicing this zip code. redirecting to our locations page.  please review the map for a location near you.



surface specialists






home (current)


about us


faq


testimonials


photo gallery


videos


buy a franchise



            locations
            

allentown, pa
annapolis, md
asheville, nc
atlanta, ga
austin, tx
boulder, co
bronx, ny
canton, mi
cedar rapids, ia
charleston, sc
charlotte, nc
columbia, mo
columbia, sc
dallas, tx
denver, co
duluth, mn
eau claire, wi
fargo, nd
fort worth, tx
gaylord, mi
green bay, wi
greensboro, nc
greenville, nc
greenville, sc
hickory, nc
houston, tx
jacksonville, fl
kansas city, mo
la crosse, wi
las vegas, nv
mankato, mn
marshall, mn
milwaukee
minneapolis, mn
new york, ny
omaha, ne
orlando, fl
port st lucie, fl
puerto rico (english)
puerto rico (espaã±ol)
raleigh, nc
rock hill, sc
st. cloud, mn
stamford, ct
wilmington, nc
yonkers, ny





search














 repair 

bathtubs
showers
sinks
counter tops
whirlpool jets
scratched glass
vinyl windows
spas & hot tubs
granite/marble
stainless steel






 refinish 

bathtubs
showers
sinks
countertops
ceramic tile
spas & hot tubs
refinishing colors





 remodel 

acrylic tubliners
acrylic shower liners
acrylic colors & options
tub to shower conversions
whirlpool jet installation
anti-slip protection
grout colorant
walk in bathtubs



























 

call the repair and refinishing experts for repair, refinishing & remodeling options


 

whether your tub is as bad as this or just has a worn out look, it can be renewed!


 

surface specialists refinish steel, porcelain, cast iron, & fiberglass tubs to look new!


 

from severe cracks or damage in the floor of your fiberglass tub to hairline cracks


 

surface specialists can repair tub damage at a fraction of the cost of replacement!


 

though easier to replace than tubs, chipped sinks and vanities can also be repaired


 

surface specialists can repair anything from knicks and gashes to cracks and crazing


 

looking to reinvent the entire look of your bathroom?  we've got you covered!


 

custom fit acrylic tubliners go over existing tubs. add matching walls & accessories 


 

even fire damaged gelcoat can be repaired.  don't tear it out - call us to repair it!



  previous    next  









are you looking for bathtub repairs, tub refinishing or low cost bathroom and kitchen remodeling options?
we are experts at repairing and refinishing kitchen and bathroom surfaces to look like new.  commonly referred to as refinishing, reglazing, resurfacing, or painting a tub - surface specialists locations have been providing this service across the us since 1981. 
 when we refinish your tub, it is done in place which saves you from additional demolition and repair expenses involved with typical remodeling. 
 tour our website or call us to find out more about the benefits of tub repair and refinish services.









 
repair






  bathtubs  


if you have a small chip, ding, scratch or burn in your bathtub those can be repaired and blended in without the need for a complete refinish. we can also repair through cracks and provide support to weak tub bottoms. learn more





  showers  


if your shower floor is holding water, holes were cut in the wrong place or you want to relocate your plumbing fixtures - these issues can all be easily repaired! learn more



  sinks  


spider web cracks around the sink drain, chips and other types of cracks can be repaired in bathroom and kitchen sinks. learn more



  countertops  


virtually any scratch, chip, burn, ding or nick in plastic laminate (formica) or solid surface (corian) countertops can be repaired! learn more




  whirlpool jets  


jets, pumps, motors, intakes and air switches from your whirlpool tub can all be repaired or replaced to return your whirlpool to working order. learn more




  scratched glass  


from light to deep scratches, our revolutionary process removes scratches from all types of home and commercial glass and mirrors. learn more




  vinyl windows  


vinyl window frames can be repaired.  we fix chips, dings, stains, cracks and other types of vinyl window damage. learn more




  spas & hot tubs  


blisters, air voids, cracks, chips and other surface damage can also be repaired in spas and hot tubs. learn more




  granite/marble  


though extremely durable, granite and natural marble can still become damaged or dull. we can typically repair and polish these surfaces. learn more




  stainless steel  


surface specialists can repair stainless sink damage and return it to an attractive uniform finish. learn more





 
refinish






  bathtubs  


bathtub refinishing is one of the best options when the bathtub is worn out, a color change is desired, or damage is scattered over the entire surface.  learn more





  showers  


shower pan refinishing can bring new life to your fiberglass, acrylic or terrazo shower bases. learn more




  sinks  


sink refinishing can include pedestal sinks, kitchen sinks, drop in bowls, and cultured marble sinks and vanities. learn more




  countertops  


countertop refinishing can give your counter tops the appearance of stone without the hassle of caring for real stone. learn more




  ceramic tiles  


ceramic tile refinishing can include both wall and floor tiles.  grout lines are sealed reducing the risk of mold and mildew. learn more




  spas  


spa refinishing can also include hot tubs and swim spas. constant chemical use can fade and discolor spas; refinishing can restore hot tubs to look like new. learn more




see franchisee work featured on:










 
remodel






  acrylic tub liners 


longer term solutions for your tub and bathroom; acrylic tubliners, wall liners and accessories are installed directly over your existing surfaces.  low cost and a brand new surface! learn more




  acrylic shower liners 


acrylic shower liners are installed directly over your existing surfaces.  we can also remove the pan, in most cases, and replace with a new base, still at a fraction of the cost of remodeling contractors. learn more





  turn tubs into showers  


convert your existing tub to a shower in a few hours instead of days.  remove a portion of the tub wall to create a lower barrier, easy access to the tub. learn more




   install whirlpool jets 


transform your ordinary bathtub into a luxurious whirlpool bath. relieve tension, stress, and aching sore muscles in the privacy of your own home.  learn more




  anti-slip protection 


protect against slips and falls with the application or our anti-slip coatings. so durable and versatile it can be used on a variety of indoor and outdoor surfaces. learn more




  grout colorant 


clean and restore dirty grout or re-color it to create a new look.  learn more




  walk-in bathtub 


walk-in bathtubs available as traditional soaking tubs, or with therapeutic benefits of whirlpool, air spa or combo massage.  learn more









find a location near you!
enter your zip code to find a local franchise 






search














franchise locations are independently owned and operated.  they may not offer all services shown.   contact franchises directly for services provided & estimates.





search for location by state 
contact national headquarters 

                      


 



buy a repair & refinishing franchise
franchisee log-in
site map









copyright 2023 â© surface specialists systems, inc.   all rights reserved.












