





ap chemicals & research peptides
























































skip to content







phone: 078 5171 6261 | location: 93 wrexham rd eworthy ex21 3xt, uk 







 

ap
helping you to live your best and healthiest life







home
skin care peptides 101
type 2 collagen
about us
contact us
 









search for:


search













 peptides are an essential component of a healthy human body. they naturally occur in mammals, but sometimes the body doesn’t create enough on its own. people seek out the help when their natural production of essential peptides isn’t up to par. our peptides have been utilized to help reduce inflammation and pain, make skin more radiant, and improve energy. we are a trusted source for powerful and effective peptides, designed solely with the intent of improving the quality of your life! don’t settle for second-rate peptides and polymer companies, not when you have access to the high-quality products we are also global partners with peptides ireland.

  
top chemical cleaning products cleaners use
december 10, 2019
 

 

a professional cleaner is going to have a few items in their toolkit when it is time to work.
these items tend to become a big part of their approach when it comes to cleaning around a property and making sure everything looks good. it’s recommended to assess the value of each product and include it in your toolkit as a cleaner.
here are the leading cleaning products used by professional cleaners.
disinfectant cleaner 
it starts with a well-designed disinfectant cleaner as this will ensure everything is in tip-top condition as soon as the cleaning begins. otherwise, the average cleaner isn’t going to do a good job with various parts of a property and may make things worse. professionals understand the importance of time and efficiency, which is why they immediately go for a solution that is proven to work. the quality is going to ring through as soon as this disinfectant cleaner is put to use. other solutions are not able to keep up with what a disinfectant cleaner does. it will not only help clean the area but is also going to get rid of the bacteria at the same time. this is a win-win during the cleaning process and is a major benefit for professionals who want to get a move on as soon as possible.
most cleaners will take the time to invest in a high-value disinfectant cleaner because it helps every step of the way and is often the foundation for what is being done.
this is when the cleaner will help get rid of messes around the property and will ensure the cleaner’s workload is reduced.
hand sanitiser station 
this is one of those underrated cleaners people don’t think about when it comes to a professional. there are several smaller products that are always seen being used and that is normal, however, it is also important to think about something as unique as a hand sanitiser station. this is a “tool” that is kept around the property and can go a long way in making sure the bacteria is kept away at all costs. most places don’t think about these finer details and that is what contaminates the property.
a professional cleaner will know what this means when it comes to the process and will ensure the hand sanitiser station is set up as soon as possible.
this is the only way to feel confident about the process and how it is going to end up working out. otherwise, the cleaning is not going to be in line with what is needed nor is it going to meet the established professional standards a cleaner has. this is why more and more professionals are looking at setting up these stations as soon as they can to maximise results. this is something that does make a meaningful difference over time.
deodoriser 
this is a high-quality cleaning product that gets the job done at a professional level and is the real deal. most people are going to want a place that not only looks clean but smells the part as well. this is where a high-grade deodoriser becomes a necessary investment for the cleaner. anything else is not going to do the kind of job this product is able to do. for the average cleaner, this is going to matter the most and they will take the time to invest in a valuable deodoriser.
when this is put to use, the place is going to smell great and is going to look even better. it’s a win-win for those who want to clean the right way and want to make the most of what they have at their disposal.
there are several options available when it comes to finding a high-grade deodoriser but the goal is to use one during the process. this is when the results start to shine through and it becomes a lot easier to rely on.
fabric refresher 
when a cleaner starts working on fabric-related processes, there is a limited set of options available when it comes to products. this is why most end up using those limited solutions to get by and that is not the right mindset to have. as a result, professionals quickly learn the importance of going with a solution that is designed around the idea of refreshing fabric.
fabric refreshers do a wonderful job of maximising the cleaning process and allowing cleaners more time to focus on other things. this alone makes it one of the most versatile and efficient options a cleaner is going to have while dealing with fabric.
if a lot of fabric has to be cleaned, this is a good starting point.
final thoughts 
these are the leading chemical cleaning products used by professional cleaners in commercial settings. the goal is always to have a few options that are going to make it easier to clean and will ensure everything looks as good as it needs to. it’s the little details that matter the most when it is time to come up with a viable solution, which is why most professional cleaners head down this path when it is time to make a decision. it starts by going with state-of-the-art chemical cleaning products and ensuring they are in line with what the property needs. a qualified cleaner will always know what works and what doesn’t, which is why they continue to get the job done.

 
what you need to know about the latest peptides research
november 1, 2019december 2, 2019
 

 

peptides can be used in a variety of ways. use the peptides for burning fat and building muscle. peptides also can be used on your skin since they have special anti-ageing properties. researchers are finding more and more uses for peptides and new uses are constantly being discovered. these amazing strings of amino acids are versatile and there are so many things that can be done with them. read on to learn more about the latest peptide research and how you can use them.
what are peptides? 
peptides are mini-proteins. they are chains of amino acids that work in a variety of ways to make you healthier. one of the great things about peptides is that they are easy for your body to absorb. this means your body can use them right away. they make a perfect supplement since it is so easy for your body to use them.
research shows that peptides can speed up muscle healing and they can also speed up joint healing. peptides can help you lose fat and they also make your muscles grow stronger. athletes can use them to grow more muscle and recover faster from injuries.
peptides burn fat 
losing weight is hard and losing fat is even harder. sometimes you spend a lot of time dieting and trying to lose weight but you hit a wall and you can’t lose any weight no matter how hard you try.
it can be very frustrating when you can’t lose weight even though you are cutting back on food and trying to exercise. sometimes you need a little extra help so you can get to where you want to be.
peptides can be the boost that you need. they help you burn fat faster so you can lose more weight. when you use the peptides along with working out and cutting back on calories you can finally get the weight off and reach your target weight.
peptides speed up your metabolism so you can burn fat and get to your target weight. you can burn more fat when you diet and use peptides at the same time. they are powerful and they are also safe to take.
heal injuries faster 
if you have a muscle or joint injury you can heal from those injuries faster if you take peptide supplements. the supplements speed up healing and you will recover much faster if you start using them.
muscle and joint injuries can be painful and they can take a long time to heal from. by using peptide supplements you are going to heal much faster so you can feel better faster as well.
speeding up the healing process means that you can start getting back to normal activities a lot faster and you won’t be spending so much time in the healing process. peptides are very effective and they will help you heal so you can start working out and participating in your favourite sports again.
peptides build muscle 
if you are an athlete or bodybuilder and want to build muscle you might want to consider using peptides. the peptides will help you build muscle faster. you can also build more muscle when you start taking the supplements. the supplements are safe to take and they don’t have side effects which makes them a better choice than taking steroids.
how do peptides work? 

one of the main things peptides do is enhance performance by kickstarting your testosterone production. when you boost testosterone it is easier to grow thick and huge muscles. a good testosterone boost is going to help you grow muscle faster so you can get stronger faster.
peptides can also boost your hgh production which makes you look younger and slows down ageing. when your hgh  levels are higher can heal faster from injuries and you slow down the ageing process.
the compounds in peptides can help you lose fat as well. if you are having problems losing fat you can easily speed up the fat burning process when you start using peptides. peptides are powerful and they are easy to use since you can take them in supplement form and they quickly absorb into your body so your body can start using them right away.
boost collagen production with peptides 
if you are looking for a powerful way to make your skin and joints look healthier turn to peptide supplements. these supplements help your body produce more collagen and this is going to make you look younger and make your skin look better as well.
if you have been noticing that you have fine lines and wrinkles, you might want to consider using peptides because they can help your skin look younger and smoother. they can also slow down aging and you might find that you start to look younger when you use them. if you want to increase your health and you are ready to turn back the clock on ageing you want to start taking peptide supplements.
you only need to take two capsules a day. make sure that you take them with water. look for trusted brands so you know you are getting a top-quality product.
peptides are a great option when you want to get strong and you want to boost your health. whether you want to heal from injuries or build stronger muscles, you can’t go wrong when you start using peptides. peptides are very powerful and they help you improve your health.

 
what is type 2 collagen and how can i use it?
october 16, 2019january 6, 2022
 

 

you’ve undoubtedly heard of collagen, the component found inside of skin that’s responsible for its brightness and elasticity. youthful skin is packed with collagen, whereas aging skin begins to experience a diminishing of this compound. but there is another collagen that you should be made familiar with: type 2 collagen.
type 2 collagen (also known as c2, cii, hydrolized collagen type 2 and chicken type 2 collagen) is found in cartilage, which is responsible for cushioning your joints. without this important peptide, cartilage loses its tensile strength and durability. a lack of type 2 collagen – and therefore weakened cartilage – can result in inflammation and pain associated with conditions such as:

rheumatoid arthritis
osteoarthritis
joint pain after surgery
chronic back or neck pain
osteoarthritis
joint pain after surgery
chronic back or neck pain

type 2 collagen peptides can be ingested orally to boost the condition of the body’s cartilage, but there are side effects and considerations to keep in mind before you choose to add collagen type 2 into your routine.

what are the side effects of type 2 collagen?
like everything else that you can ingest medicinally, type 2 collagen comes with some side effects. many are mild and will go away over time. some of these side effects of using type 2 collagen orally are:

bloating
burping
weight loss
ulcers in the mouth
vomiting and/or nausea

a person who is allergic to chicken or eggs may have an allergic reaction to taking type 2 collagen peptides.

who shouldn’t use type 2 collagen?
because type 2 collagen hasn’t been diligently tested in pregnant or breastfeeding women, a pregnant person’s physician may recommend that they steer clear of the peptide medication until they have finished breastfeeding their baby.
type 2 collagen is derived from chickens, so anybody who has an allergy to chicken and/or eggs may be advised not to use it.
children are generally not considered the best candidates for using type 2 collagen peptides orally, but under the direct eye of a physician, it is possible to implement into their routine.
if none of these issues apply to you, it is likely safe for you to take type 2 collagen. the typical dosage is 2.5mg of type 2 collagen daily for up to 24 weeks. depending on your individual condition and the recommendations made by your physician, this dosage could differ from what you’re actually prescribed.
if you’re experiencing pain and inflammation due to a diminished amount of type 2 collagen, you should confer with your physician regarding adding it to your medical routine. type 2 collagen is essential for the development and maintenance of healthy cartilage, so it’s absolutely worth taking into consideration. healthier joints make for a healthier life!

 
skin care peptides 101: what you need to know about collagen
october 8, 2019january 6, 2022
 

 

in the ever-expanding skin care market, there seems to be a new hype every couple of weeks. recently, “peptides” has been found coloring the language used in describing breakthrough skin care products. unlike some of the past trends that haven’t lived up to the hype, peptides are actually well-documented to be effective at nourishing human skin. you may have heard of “collagen,” a component found in skin that provides elasticity and smoothness. collagen is, in fact, a peptide. it is also an essential ingredient in many of the most popular skin care products worldwide.
what is a peptide, anyway?
peptides are chains comprised of two or more amino acids. these amino acid chains serve a variety of functions, from skin and joint care, to muscle repair, and even in the treatment of certain medical ailments.

how are peptides different from proteins?
amino acid chains make proteins, but they also make peptides – so what’s the difference? there are two things that distinguish peptides from proteins: size and overall structure.
peptides are smaller amino acid chains, consisting of 2 to 50 amino acids. proteins have 50 or more amino acids in their chain.
additionally, peptides are less defined in structure than proteins. proteins can achieve incredibly complex formations due to their size.
basically, proteins are exceptionally large and more structured peptides.

what is collagen?
collagen is a naturally occurring peptide found in skin. it’s responsible for skin’s youthful appearance and elasticity. as a person ages, the amount of collagen in their skin diminishes over time. this results in wrinkles, sagging, and fine lines.
collagen is also important in optimal joint health. it helps the areas between your bones to have adequate cushion, which reduces pain and helps stave off certain joint conditions – like arthritis.
how do collagen peptides nurture skin?
these peptides are designed to encourage the skin to produce its own collagen – without the aid of fillers and cosmetic surgery! when collagen cells die in youthful skin, the body produces more to compensate for the loss. peptides essentially trick the skin into thinking further collagen has been lost, thus dialing up the skin’s production of this essential compound.
collagen is important for healthy, radiant and youthful-looking skin. when you better understand what collagen is and how peptides influence its presence in your skin, you can most effectively harness the power of the latest and greatest in cutting-edge skin care products.



 contact us
are you worried that your body isn’t producing everything that it needs to remain in optimal health? the peptides and polymers can help you to restore your energy, reduce pain, and make your skin glow! contact us today to learn more about our vast selection of quality peptides.

93 wrexham rd eworthy ex21 3xt
078 5171 6261

 
 










 

 phone: 078 5171 6261
location: 93 wrexham rd eworthy ex21 3xt, uk

follow us



pinterest





goodreads





wordpress




 

site pageshome
skin care peptides 101
type 2 collagen
about us
contact us
 

legal linksterms of use
privacy policy
cookie privacy policy
 





copyright 2019 | all rights reserved





















