




emma watson pics - photo gallery resource to the british actress
 










































































































emmawatsonpics

 menu



index


emma


career


photo gallery


icon archive


website


online











be back soon

 february 02, 2023   shauna       website

we’ll be returning and making this a photo gallery fansite soon. our host has allowed us to keep our free hosting due to better ad revenue. so thanks for the support and see you all again soon.




emmawatson.org is for sale!

 may 08, 2021   ido       uncategorized

this domain is for sale. if interested please contact freefansitehosting.com – the content of the site is not up for sale.
the site will no longer be updated, but you can find new updates at the new url: emma-w.org




will emma watson return for a “harry potter” spin-off?

 march 06, 2021   shauna       news


for the unversed, emma watson, who actually plays hermione granger in harry potter, recently made news when it was said she has taken retirement from acting.
after months and technically years of speculations, warnermedia ceo jason kilar is confirming their plans to expand the harry potter universe doesn’t come in as a shocker. the studio, as expected and justified, is all set to cash in the opportunity and churn out profit from the franchise that has fans across the globe in massive numbers. amid this, making news is hermione granger.
if you have been close to the vineyard, the grapevine recently had that warnermedia is planning to give the character’s from the wizarding world their separate spin-offs. one of the most prominent and exciting characters to get a full-length film designated to her is hermione granger played by emma watson. but what if she doesn’t come on board. read on to know everything about this update of the day.
for the unversed, emma watson, who actually plays hermione granger in harry potter, recently made news when it was said she has taken retirement from acting. in this case what if the actor denies reprising hermione for the special spin-off. as per a report in we got this covered, the studio is also prepared for that situation too. the intel who has got his hand on a big gossip says the bosses will even consider recasting hermione if watson disagrees to come on board.
it is not like they want to take the recasting route in a hurry. the intel also adds that the studio will try to convince the actor to reprise the mantle even if it makes them pay some more than planned. but even if emma watson doesn’t agree to walk the harry potter universe lanes again, they will have to recast.
it is also a risky part to replace emma watson in a harry potter film for the studio as the actor has made a massive fan base for her nerdy character.
(source)





page 1 of 5312345...102030...»last »





welcome message  welcome to emma watson pics, an online photo resource dedicated to the british actress emma watson. here you will find all the latest photos of emma! thank you for visiting and come back soon for more updates.

current projects little women (2019)
as meg march
four sisters come of age in america in the aftermath of the civil war. 

more info
photos
imdb


beauty & the beast (2017)
as belle
an adaptation of the fairy tale about a monstrous-looking prince and a young woman who fall in love.

more info
photos
imdb


colonia/the colony (2017)
as lena
a young woman's desperate search for her abducted boyfriend that draws her into the infamous colonia dignidad, a sect nobody has ever escaped from. 

more info
photos
imdb

emma’s social links (official) 

facebook: emma @ facebook

twitter: emma @ twitter

instagram: emma @ instagram
our awards 


web safety
boss



			emmawatson.org		


free of toxic links
approved by			sur.ly


2023

site information site name: emma watson pics
url 1: http://emmawatson.org
re-established on: february 2023
maintained by: shauna
contact: form | @
hosted by & listed at: free fansite hostinglegal info: dmca | privacy policy

emma watson pics is a non-profit fansite, 100% unofficial, and has no affiliation with emma herself or anyone around her. please do not send any fanmail to us for they won't be forwarded to miss watson. all photos are copyright to their respective owners, no copyright infringement is ever intended. any material seen on this website is used, to the best of our knowledge, under the "fair use" copyright laws.









   © 2023 emma watson pics | hosted by free fansite hosting | dmca | privacy | theme by mcmxcix | powered by wordpress »     [ back - refresh - top - forward ]


				all media, photos, trademarks and copyrights are owned by their respective companies. no copyright infringement is intended.




