









san diego acupuncture | dry needling | chinese herbs





































 
















619-296-7591
 

 
 
 










home
eyton shalom

mindfulness


acupuncture

cupping
moxibustion


dry needling and trigger points
chinese medicine
blog

recipes


contact

acupuncture in north park


 





select page


  
 



 



 

home









dry needling and acupuncture in san diego






more about dry needling



more about acupuncture









welcome to eyton shalom’s san diego dry needling, acupuncture, and chinese herbal medicine clinic.
you will find us in historic north park, just minutes from balboa park, and close to the 5, 163, 805, 15, & 8 freeways, san diego, california, 92104.
 
treating acute & chronic pain with dry needling and acupuncture
 
i have been treating acute pain, chronic pain, and sports injuries with dry needling, electrical stimulation, cupping, and chinese style acupuncture for 32 years. i have been licensed and in practice in san diego since 1992.
some of the folk i have helped over the years have included professional baseball players, iron men/women, ballet dancers, tri-athletes, tennis players, golfers, club soccer players, cricketers, and competitive swimmers.
i have worked with competitive body builders, kick boxers, personal training exerts, and marathoners. and then there are the weekend warriors, and also, of course people with chronic pain who are or are not very athletic.
dry needling and acupuncture can help your neck pain, shoulder pain, back pain, knee pain, hip and pelvic floor pain/dysfunction, elbow, wrist and ankle pain.
 
internal medicine disorders treated with acupuncture, chinese herbs, and ayurveda
 
i am an expert in treating internal medicine disorders with chinese style acupuncture, chinese herbal medicines, and  ayurveda.
in my 32 years experience i have treated a wide range of skin, gut, and respiratory problems, women’s health issues, anxiety and insomnia. acupuncture restores the normal “flow of qi” so the body can heal itself. chinese herbs are natural drugs, that attack infection, clear heat, eliminate dampness, and suppport the “normal” or “upright qi.”
ayurvedic medicine includes the use of ayurvedic herbs, and the evaluation of your dosha imbalances. once your elevations are understood i direct you to lifestyle and diet plans that correct the elevations in your dosha.
 
what makes a good doctor?
 
what makes a good doctor? someone with a good head, good hands, and a good heart. since graduating from chinese medicine school in 1992, that has been my aspiration.
 
our job together
 
the philosophy of natural medicine from dry needling and acupuncture to chinese herbalism is to treat the whole person. this often means “treating from the inside out.”
treating from the inside out means being a good detective. our job together is to find the causes of your pain or illness and not just put a band aid on your symptoms. my goal is for you to not need to see me!
this method can include showing you powerful corrective exercises from the egoscue method to improvements in your mental state with mindfulness practice, and even with ayurvedic diet.
 
where are you located?
 
i am centrally located near downtown in north park. minutes from the san diego zoo.  there is plenty of free parking!
i serve greater san diego–and am minutes from downtown, north park, south park, hillcrest, normal heights, kensington. i am a very short drive from east county– el cajon, la mesa; from the south– chula vista, national city, south bay, and not far from la jolla and north county. some people even drive down from los angeles or west from phoenix to see me!
 
 





conditions treated
-acne–teenage, adult, hormonal, cystic, and acne rosacea
-allergies/asthma
-anxiety/depression
-arthritis-neck, shoulder, and back pain
-herniated disc, bulging disc-carpal tunnel syndrome
-colds, flus, bronchitis,tonsillitis-irritable bowel syndrom/ibs/
-gastritis, gerd, digestive disorders, diverticulitis
-interstitial cystitis and chronic uti
-chronic fatigue disorders
-erectile dysfunction
-gynecological disorders–painful periods, irregular menses
-menstrual pain, heavy bleeding, irregular periods
-menopausal disorders
-pms, premenstural bloating, constipation,  swollen tender breasts
-infertility/male and female
-endometriosis
-hives, chronic and acute
-insomnia/sleep disorders
-tension headaches and migraine headache
-rosacea
-sinusitis, chronic and acute
-sports injuries
-tendonitis/tenosynovitis
-tmj/jaw pain

schedule your appointment











featured articles about acupuncture and dry needling




dry needling for back pain

by eyton shalom, m.s., l.ac. | dec 2, 2024low back pain treated with dry needling and acupuncture   releasing the motor point of the upper trapezius to treat chronic low back pain release the trigger points in the low back with dry needling i almost always treat chronic low back pain by dry needling the...
read more



pickle ball injury: biceps tendonitis treated by dry needling

by eyton shalom, m.s., l.ac. | nov 5, 2024an overuse injury from playing too much pickle ball!   here is a 53 year old man who came in to have his biceps tendonitis treated by dry needling. he is relatively de-conditioned from his desk job, slightly obese, and a recent convert to pickle ball....
read more



chinese summer cooling drink: watermelon

by eyton shalom, m.s., l.ac. | sep 10, 2024chinese summer cooling drinks: watermelon rind soup! in san diego county late summer brings the hellish weather of santa ana conditions: dry heat from the desert. even now, sept 9, 2024, we have had a week of 100 degree days. the problem with iced beverges americans...
read more


« older entries




followfollowfollow



 

 






come see us: directions to our north park location
3577 louisiana st.
san diego ca 92104
1-619-296-7591
contact us


serving: san diego, including north park, south park, golden hill, downtown, city heights, kensington, university heights, hillcrest, ocean beach, pacific beach,  east county, clairmont, kearny mesa, la jolla, el cajon, la mesa, bonita, and chula vista.
body mind wellness acupuncture centerrouteyour location: no route could be calculated.follow us on: youtube
facebook
instagram
read reviews on yelp!



featured articles


dry needling for back pain


pickle ball injury: biceps tendonitis treated by dry needling


chinese summer cooling drink: watermelon


knee pain dry needling for a circus trapeze artist


chronic low back pain treated with dry needling


 



© eyton shalom of bodymindwellnesscenter.com 2025 










the wellness sourcerecieve my quarterly newsletter full of seasonal recipes & wellness articles.











subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!






pin it on pinterest


 


















































