





uberpest's journal – looking at life and the outdoors from the back of the pack.




















































skip to content




menu

links
login customizer













 uberpest's journal
looking at life and the outdoors from the back of the pack.













believing in tomorrow 
fooduberpest2020-05-27 





when i started my garden the plan was for a 16 x 32 foot fenced-in area and it was going to be primarily straw bales. i ordered my seeds from a seed store about 20 miles away from me. i was super excited when my order arrived. and then i opened it to find someone…


continue reading






how are you doing out there? 
gardenuberpest2020-03-21 





are you hanging in? i’m on self-isolation as much as possible, however my job is considered essential, so i’m still working a little bit. like everyone else i’m going to be feeling this for a long time. which means my little victory garden is super important as is planning out what i’m eating and sticking…


continue reading






i don’t know what i was expecting. 
dehydratinguberpest2020-03-16 





when i started down the road of using up mom’s prepper pantry i had no clue what was coming. i don’t know what i was expecting, but it sure wasn’t this.   before i get to that, though, a quick update on how i fared the first two months that i had going before everything…


continue reading






y2k+20 
miscuberpest2020-01-01 







continue reading






workshop wednesday⁠—pressure canner rebuild 
fooduberpest2019-10-30 





in addition to the massive amounts of dehydrating i’ve done over the years i also do some home canning. since moving home after my mom passed last year i’ve been trying to make use of her dream kitchen that she designed specifically to make canning easier and more efficient. there’s a huge island, five burner…


continue reading






dehydrating food: mushrooms 
dehydratinguberpest2019-09-23 





i had some stew beef that i canned last winter that i wanted to use up, so on the way home from work yesterday i stopped and got a few things to make beef stroganoff. my local grocer had several packs of sliced shiitake mushrooms on sale for stupid cheap. thankfully i have my dehydrator…


continue reading






workshop wednesday—i’m not going to mars 
blogsuberpest2019-09-18 





lately i’ve been listening to a ton of podcasts and audiobooks due to lots of solo time at work. one subject i’m stuck on, not surprising to anyone who knows me well, is space and space travel. today i was working on some back episodes of startalk and listened to an interview with dr. mae…


continue reading






workshop wednesday—leclerc meco restoration 
fiber artsuberpest2019-09-04 





the last few years i’ve been learning various new crafting and making skills—fiber spinning is a big one since that fits with the knitting i’ve been doing for years. i’d been thinking of weaving, but one of the roadblocks was the cost of a quality loom. i’d been keeping an eye out for a used…


continue reading






moving forward 
dogsuberpest2019-03-07 





about two weeks ago i went to new orleans for an ingress anomaly. i’d planned to stop and visit with ranger and halo’s breeder, but mother nature decided it would be better to rain on her place and make it impossible to have any real fun or allow the dogs to play around. so instead…


continue reading






drying food: banana “jerky” 
dehydratinguberpest2018-12-12 





over the years i’ve come to the conclusion that i don’t like raw bananas. put them in bread and you’re on. i also don’t like the fried-then-dried ones from the store. then i found the dried mini bananas at trader joe’s. the only problem is the price. so i figured out my own version of…


continue reading




 

posts navigation
older posts




categoriescategories
select category
blogs
books
dehydrating
dogs
events
fiber arts
food
food preservation
fun
games
garden
gear
hiking
make
misc
news
paddling
personal
photos
podcast
poll
reading
review
shop
sports
tech
tip
tool
trips
uberpest
weaving
workshop


 
follow @uberpest










rss feed


the ads and stores below support this site via sponsored links.


visit my etsy shop!


visit crazy bastard outfitters





referrals


spreadshirt custom t-shirts







error! missing paypal api credentials. please configure the paypal api credentials by going to the settings menu of this plugin.about uberpest's journal is created byamanda a. tikkanenand is licensed under a creative commons-attribution-noncommercial-no derivative works-3.0 united states license.based on a work at www.uberpest.com.
meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org








					copyright © 2025 uberpest's journal. all rights reserved.				



        boston theme by famethemes 




this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. cookie settingsacceptprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 


 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website





































































