






my bird brain
































skip to content



my bird brain






     navigation



home
about
contact us  

mybirdbrain privacy policy


blog
 








welcome


mybirdbrain is dedicated to making your life a little easier.  we’ll focus on technology and how new innovations can make your life a little less complicated if you know what they are and how to use them.  cell phones became popular in the 1990s and in a short span of 20 yrs. our little cell phones have become the hub center of our daily lives.  we can do almost anything with a simple handheld device, a smartphone.  we now have cars that can park themselves.  many portable building manufacturers are working on cars that will completely drive themselves.  audi has a car that runs a race track, completely unmanned at speeds of up to 200 mph.
the internet has changed the way we work.  people now have the option to work from home and home can be anywhere!  some people can live anywhere in the world and log in to their work just as if they were in the office next door.  virtual teams are now the trend.  one company listed on the inc. 500 has over 30 employees, only 4 of those are in the u.s. where the company is based and the rest are scattered around the globe.  you can now begin your own digital business with your only physical overhead being your laptop.  you can make money from anywhere you can access the internet.
cameras are everywhere.  george orwell wrote a book called “1984” and the book was written in 1949.  it talked about “big brother” a government entity that knew and saw everything.  cameras and audio surveillance were everywhere and the government knew everything.  they also controlled everything.  well, george was right, but it didn’t happen as soon as he thought.  today the government knows when you sneeze.  google spies on you to gather data on where you are on the internet.  google maps show the street views of nearly any street in the world and google earth can allow you to zoom in anywhere on a satellite view.  you just can’t hide.
the positives are that it’s much more difficult to get away with a crime.  you can also use these tools to confirm what people are telling you.  you can check a travel destination before going there.  want a real life to peek at the paradise resort?  google it.  trying to find a lost friend or relative?  facebook is a good place to start.  want to find a good deal on a new pair of shoes?  how about twitter? threw your back out playing with the kids? simply google up “chiropractor” and you’ll find that relief is just a short drive from you.
the world has become a very small place because of technology and the gang here at mybirdbrain will be scraping the globe looking for cool stuff to help you with everything from cooking to cleaning to vacationing by taking advantage of technology.  by the way, some people have asked why we are called mybirdbrain.  as brilliant as human minds can be, sometimes we feel like complete bird brains when dealing with technology.  it’s our passion to make sure that you aren’t intimidated and know how and when to integrate the best technology into your life.  we don’t like confusion over technology.  we aren’t the most brilliant of minds here and we’ve embraced technology to allow us to look and feel smarter.
albert einstein was brilliant.  he has an iq of 160 which is listed as a genius.  the average human iq is 95-105… feel dumb yet?  what the heck is iq anyway?  i think that it’s the measure of the human ability to figure things out.  einstein was pretty good at figuring things out, wouldn’t you agree?  well, why not let technology help you when you fall a little short?  just know when you need to get help and that my friend is a genius.
when people were in school in the 1970’s they did the math on paper.  they needed to figure it out.  in the 1980’s calculators because mainstream and the tide began to shift.  soon they allowed them in school and kids became dumber… or did they?  computers followed in the 1990s and people became dumber yet.  really?  ok, i need to make a caveat.  yep, kids can’t do the math on paper anymore and they don’t seem to know who the vice president is but in many ways they are still pretty smart.  ever hear an older person who is confused with a computer say, “you need to find a 12-year-old to run this thing”.  yep, the brain has evolved and can’t do the same things because they aren’t trained.  in the old day people took french in school and when they were out of high school for 10 yrs. they would tell people that they took stuff like french that they’ll never use.  well, today people just don’t add, subtract, multiply, and divide on paper.  they use computers, spreadsheets, and databases.
my cousin is still in high school and he tells a story of a teacher who was “old school” and taught math.  he wanted his students to know how to do math in their heads and not rely on a computer to give them the answers.  matthew (my cousin), was called on the carpet for now being able to answer what was to me, a simple math problem.  by being “called on the carpet”, matthew meant that he had to come to the back of the room and clean the carpet that was stained by a leaking pipe!  soap and lots of elbow grease and he still couldn’t get the stain out.  should have called a professional carpet cleaner, lol!
times have changed, and so have people. sometimes the old ways were better and sometimes not so much.  mybirdbrain is going to help sort through the crap and help you to get to the bottom of things.  let’s make life simpler through technology.
why do people seem to be getting dumber?
well, allow’s check out the night information, very little there, much shorter information clips, even more commercials, and great deals of repeating, individuals still see it? hmm? without a doubt, it is feasible that a void is expanding in culture, where some are obtaining smarter as well as others are allowing their minds to thaw. one participant claims “we should wake individuals up as well as show them to believe!”
some in our online brain trust have actually stated that they ask themselves if individuals are obtaining stupider nowadays. really, these participants that state that make me grin since in the brief time i have actually understood them, well i ensure you they are obtaining smarter. however, allow’s have a look at their inquiry for a minute; are individuals obtaining dumber? would they stand outside in the face of a tornado or would they have enough sense to seek refuge in a tornado shelter?
directly, i concur it is time to “instruct individuals to believe” and also undoubtedly i have actually striven to “make individuals assume” by drinking the core of their presence as well as idea systems in my short articles online. long times, i admit, i do it for sporting activity (individual satisfaction), various other times to damage the obstacles of pretension that they produce in their minds and due to the fact that it actually is ideal for all worried. damaging individuals of direct ideas and also obtaining them to assume is a worthwhile quest in my modest point of view.
include a little company marketing and also some prompt quotes from renowned dead individuals and also by golly they believe they have obtained it? i am bothered by all this as the online brain trust planner. i definitely wish this short article is about the rate of interest which has actually moved ideas. the objective is straightforward, in order to help you in your pursuit to be the very best in 2007. i thank you for reviewing my several short articles on varied topics, which are passionate about you.
although i currently understand that a person could lead that steed to the water, however making him a beverage is a different method by itself. just like those hoarders, they are limited in space however they continue to bring things home and create a miserable environment. they’ll fill up their homes and garages to the point that they can’t walk through them and then they’ll be looking for a portable storage shed to stuff full of more stuff. lots of people have actually transformed their minds off as well as justify to themselves that they are still assuming that they are in control of these ideas; yet show absolutely nothing greater than information media hysteria predisposition, when it involves their point of views, ideas, and also choices.
it's only fair to share...facebookgoogletwitterlinkedin










search for:



   search




recent posts


best advice for storage buildings


colorado and the carport phenomenon


does a robot vaccuum really work?


led automotive light bars


emf’s and your devices


archives

january 2019
august 2016
may 2016
april 2016
march 2016
december 2015

categories

blog

storage

uncategorized









		wordpress theme: wellington by themezee.	














by continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information acceptthe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. if you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "accept" below then you are consenting to this.close


