

the schundler family





the schundler family

constantly under construction


 if you wanted the schundler family web site, you found it!
 just click here---  the schundler family web site and address book (contains family news, announcements, and the address book).



   first...the dark side of the national park service




 2009 
submitting a  foia  request for information and a  questionable appeals decision


 2009 
intimidation, collusion, misrepresentations and an investigation at mesa verde np   by the dept of interior's  office of inspector general 



 2011-2013 
retaliation and intimidation,  and  
 filing a  whistleblower protection act complaint

a very long, inefficient, and biased process but after 1028 days a "settlement agreement" was  signed!!




 2013-2015 
filing complaints with the oig  
for its failure to investigate and recommend disciplinary action in whistleblower cases





   and now.....the good and wonderful side of the national park service and retirement!   (e.g. our experiences in the national parks--from the most recent and back to when we were park rangers)









   2024






 doubtful sound in new zealand 

 winter 2024   we decided not to go to florida as "snowbirds"....because of its increasing traffic problems, hurricane damage, and worsening political environment.  and so instead, we went to new zealand...spending 6 weeks wandering around the south island in a rv.  it was great!  and we had a wonderful time...and while there, we also visited with two of our nephews and their wives who also were visiting new zealand! 


 spring-summer-fall 2024    we ended up being tour guides for six orbridge tours (www.orbridge.com):  a river cruise in southern france, two tours again to mt. rushmore and the badlands, then over to yellowstone and the grand tetons, one tour to alaska (which got totally changed because of fires in denali np), and a final tour to death valley, yosemite, and kings/sequoia np's, followed by a short post-tour to monterey and santa barbara. we also went to germany for a family reunion with our german cousins which was supposed to be followed by a river cruise on the danube. sadly the river cruise was cancelled because of historic flooding on the danube. how ironic...that when we finally want to be "paying guests" on an orbridge tour....that it got cancelled!  





 yosemite 






   2023






 grand teton np 

 winter 2023   once again, we were "snowbirds" in our rv again(in florida and georgia)---at state parks like fort mcallister, tomoka, colt creek, ft desoto, myakka river, lake kissimee state parks, and salt spring nf,  wild frontier rv resort in ocala, and jekyll island. the "downer" this year was that bruce had a heart attack in the ocala nf,got to spend 2 nights in a hospital, and left with three stents.  


 spring-summer-fall 2023   in may, we led one tour for orbrdige...the southwest national parks tour we've done before (grand canyon, monument valley, rafting on the colorado river, bryce and zion). and then we just relaxed at the lake house during the summer---enjoying visits from friends and family. and in the fall, we led two more tours---one was the tour we've led three times before to mt. rushmore, the badlands, yellowstone and the grand tetons, followed immediately by a tour to yosemite, and kings/sequoia np's.  





 yosemite 





   summer of 2021, winter of 2022, and summer of 2022






 arches np 

 spring-summer-fall 2021   we worked for orbridge again...leading four tours (instead of the seven they had wanted us to do) ---going to mesa verde, arches, and canyonlands np's, and also one to the grand canyon, monument valley, bryce and zion np's. as usually happens with orbridge groups, we had some wonderful college alumni groups while visiting some amazing national parks!  at the end of our orbridge trips, we went to california to visit cousins, and then took amtrak to head back home.

 winter 2022   we were rv gypies in florida and georgia again---spending time in places like anastasia sp, tomoka sp, blue springs sp, ft desoto county park,  myakka river sp, ft myers beach at the san carlos rv resort, and jekyll island. one "downer" was that bruce got to spend 8 nights in the brunswick, ga hospital (bph problems.)  


 spring-summer-fall 2022   originally we had been schedluled to lead nine tours for orbridge...but bruce's bph problems and eventual procedures, resulted in our leading only three in the fall--to arches and canyonlands np, the grand canyon, monument valley, zion and bryce,...followed by repeating the train tour to moab and arches and canyonlands two more times. 





 grand canyon 





   winter and summer of 2020  and 2021






 myakka river sp in florida 

 winter 2020   we were "snow-birds" again---leaving early in january but coming home  early in march so bruce could see an orthopedic surgeon and plan on a hip replacemnt.
 santee sp, st. mary's, anastasia sp  jonathan dickinson sp, oscar scherer sp  ft desoto campground, lazy dayssan carlos rv resort, wekiva springs spst. clinch sp, mecklenberg county park dixie caverns

 spring-summer-fall 2020   because of covid and the pandemic, we didn't lead any orbridge tours, we stayed at the lake house, and spent most of our time doing  a few jobs we had put off for several years. 


 winter 2021   with instructions to keep our distance and not visit any friends or relatives, we headed south again.santee sp, anastasia spgamble rogers sp, ft desoto campground myakka river sp, san carlos rv resort ortona locks   sugar sand distillery in lake placidhighlands hammock sp, jekyll island dreher island sp...asheville, nc and frederick, md 





 lakehouses 





   winters and summers of 2017, 2018, and 2019 






  a beach in australia 

   



during the winters, we were "snow-birds" again  leaving early in early january and coming home in april
 winter 2017   south of the border, skidaway island spanastasia sp, gamble rogers sphillsborough sp, oscer sherer spsan carlos rv resort, collier seminole sp jonathan dickinson sp,  sebastian inlet spfavor dykes sp, jekyll island campgroundblythe island park, carolina beach sp, wilmington nc koa

 winter 2018  santee lake st pk,  anastasia spnew years at lazy days volunteering  at lovers key spsan carlos rv resort (ft myers beach)jekyll island,  skidaway sp charleston koa, myrtle beach st pk   medoc sp ,pohick bay



 fall of 2018
  having enjoyed rv'ing in new zealand in 2014  we decided to try rv'ing in australia....for five weeks.  and it was great!

 winter 2019  camping world pooler (and a new refrigerator), anastasia sp oscara sherer sp, collier seminole spbroadwalk rv resort (close to keys) jonathan dickinson sp, san carlos rv resort myakka river sp, wekiwa springs spcharleston koa, pohick county parkcoatesville, pa




 summer 2019   we led an orbridge tour to the canadian rockies, and then we rented a "cruise america" rv  and toured around on our own for ten days.


 summer 2018   another summer at lake owassa,  and leading an orbridge tour to the badlands, mt. rushmore, and yellowstone np 

 summer 2017 
besides a lot of time at lake owassa,  we worked for three weeks as "tour guides" for orbridge  leading three tours to denali national park in alaska,  a river cruise in europe focusing on wwi sites,  and a tour to the badlands, mt. rushmore, and yellowstone np.
 www.orbridge.com











   winter and summer of 2016






 jekyll island 

 winter 2016  we were "snow-birds"---leaving early in january and coming home in aprilsantee lakes campground, skidaway sp anastasia sp, broadway rv resort (homestead)ochopee, sanctuary rv resort (bonita springs)san carlos rv resort, whisper creek rv resort (labelle)highlands hammock sp, lazy daysswanee river sp, georgia vets sp (cordele, ga), jekyll islandcharleston koa, carolina beach sp wilmington nc koa

 summer   besides a lot of time at lake owassa,  we worked for three weeks as "tour guides" for three college-alumni trips to and through denali national park in alaska 
 www.orbridge.com





 denali 2016 





   summers 2012, 2013, 2014, and 2015








 

 winter 2015  
anastasia sp volunteering  at jackson lake archeological sp volunteering at highlands hamock sp,  o'leno sp, lake talquin spstephen foster sp,  jekyll island, williamsburg


summer  2015, we spent most of the summer at the lake house--spending a lot of time  with myles, becky and bola, and brian,  and at  "camp owassa" with myles
  (see pictures) 

summer  2013, the federal budget was being "sequestered", there weren't too many seasonal jobs available, and  so instead we spent two days a week babysitting for our first grandson, myles, and enjoying another summer at the lakehouse.  during august, we did head out to michigan in our rv....visiting niagra falls on the way to pictured rocks national lakeshore, and then empire, mi, van buren sp, the henry ford museum of american innovation in dearborn, and then cook forest in pa on the way home.

during  2012, we stayed home in nj, continued our whistleblower case, and caught up on several years of neglected maintenence at our lakehouse in northern new jersey.

 summer 2014 as part of the settlement for winning our whistleblower case,
we were offered the  opportunity to work in any park we wanted.
and so we chose yellowstone national park! needless to say, it was great!








   winters 2012, 2013, and 2014









 winter 2012 
 volunteering at big cypress national preserve 
(followed by)crystall river, anastasia sp skidaway sp, huntington island sp cedar island ferry terminal  ocracoke n,  assateaque np





 volunteering at viers located in the  virgin islands npfebruary-march, 2013






 camping  throughout  new zealand  for seven weeks january-february  2014













sara and bruce  park guides at the statue of libety and  ellis island  summer 2010 







sara and bruce: a second season at  the statue of libety & ellis island  and some recommendations summer 2011











information and resources  for teachers 


information for teachers about ellis island  (a different format) 
















bruce and sara  park rangers at mesa verde np in 2009




















and a foia request















 2008 
 bruce and sara volunteers at sam shortline and a trip to alaska--2008
























 2007 
 bruce and sara  park rangers at mesa verde national park

































 2006
 bruce and sara  park rangers at cape hattterasnational seashore







   other schundler enterprises, bloggers, semesters abroad, and  sites






   enterprises...










after years of producing videos, 
andrew schundler  is an executive producer  for  the  
  mane co. 









russell schundler's photo-graphics website   
schundler photo-graphics





    schundler bloggers





brian schundler's  hike on the appalachian trail...2000







michael schundler's

 
understanding the 
health care system in order to improve it.







bethany schundler's life of a first year teacher   (5th grade)






 semesters abroad, internships, and honeymoons abroad



hannah's semester  in costa rica...2010







bethany's semester in argentina...2012 









greg's semester  in kenya...2006










liz's internship in chile...












rob and shana's blog about their honeymoon and trip to india---2011


this link starts at a point in the middle of their trip---but once you are there... 
you can go forward and back and see all their amazing pictures and read about their many adventures! 





 if you want information about rebecca and bola's wedding
 click here---  rebecca and bola's wedding (contains announcements, directions, gift registrations, etc).






for pictures ..... (like some pictures and some occasional family news go to..... 
current family events





jack henry schundler april 14, 2012






rebecca and bola  january 1, 2011






myles hudson pratt november 27, 2012




robbie and shana  july 30, 2011







if you want to read about  bret schundler former mayor of jersey city
 visit: 



schundler.org 





















if you want to read about or contact  the schundler company, or read about the recent sale of 
the schundler company  please go to  the schundler company



 "do all the good you can...
in all the ways you can...
to all the people you can...
just as long as you can!"

(a jamaican teaching shared with bruce schundler  by henry mcdonald, the midnight foreman of the schundler company.) 






some people have heard about our cousins bill and carol atwood, and atwoods violins.
 carol is our cousin, and bill is an energy particle physicist who makes violins!
or, why not read bill's article on... "a physicist in the world of violins"  ...
which was in beam line (summer 1998, vol. 28, no. 2 ) a publication of the stanford linear accelerator center.
or, read about bill's  project: nasa's fermi project 























 only search schundler





because our site has grown so much, you may find search engines  helpful in locating what you want. or just feel free to contact me!!



for more information about this website or the schundlers, e-mail bruce@schundler.net
if anyone has any ideas or suggestions, please let bruce know!!



