













































































burlington-edison school district | home





skip to contentinclement weather/emergencyschool safetyreport a safety concernsearch siteburlington-edison school district - inclement weather/emergencyschool safetyreport a safety concernsearch siteexploreexploreschoolstranslateexploreschoolstranslateparents/family show submenu for parents/familyparents/familyrequest for transcriptb-esd outdoor educationfamily resources show submenu for family resourceswatch know learn - free educational videoslibrary cardscomcast internet essentialsfamily connection survey (grades 1-8)attendance resourcesb-e family digital  supportb-e mental health resourcescollege scholarship informationpta website formschool supplies show submenu for school suppliesallen schoolbay view schooledison schoollucille umbarger schoolwest view schooldistrict programs show submenu for district programsopportunity khighly capable program (hi-cap)multilingual learners/el servicesmigrant educationwest view dual language programmountain school camp orkilamckinney-vento (homeless youth)counselor/career center show submenu for counselor/career centercounseling, social-emotional support and community resource sitetitle 1 pagelearning assistance program (lap)health resourcesconsent to share information hb1660b-esd family handbook (grades pk-8)manual para familias de b-esd españolb-esd newsletterb-esd boletincommunity show submenu for communitycommunitybetween two tigers videofacility use / rentalcommunity resourcescommunity eventsvolunteer at b-esdb-esd district report card b-esd progress reportburlington-edison education and alumni (beaf)camp orkilla booster clubboys & girls clubtort claim form packetb-esd golden passdistrict show submenu for districtdistrictsuperintendent's pagedistrict policy & proceduresb-esd equity and nondiscriminationb-esd school boarddistrict contactsdepartments show submenu for departmentsassessmentcounseling / career centerfinance departmenthr / payroll departmentfood servicestechnologytransportationspecial programs show submenu for special programsspecial educationmckinney-vento( homeless youth )title ixhi cap (highly capable)stemsection 504dual languagehealth resourcesemergency informationnational board certified staffstaffstaffenrollmentenrollmentjobsjobsfaqfaqmore show submenu for skip gallerywelcome to february!dear b-esd families,as we close out the month of january, i want to take a moment to celebrate the incredible energy, talent, and community spirit that have defined this month for our students, families, and staff. from athletic achievements to artistic performances, as well as memorable family events, january has been a month to remember.athletic highlights: showing determination and team spiritour student-athletes have been truly outstanding this month, demonstrating not only athletic talent but also resilience, teamwork, and dedication. several teams have made great strides, and we are so proud of the hard work and sportsmanship displayed on the court, the mat and in the pool!  we look forward to the postseason competition ahead for all of our student-athletes!student leadership, commitment and artistic talentour students also continue to amaze us with the leadership skills, their creative spirit and their artistic talents.  several of our b-ehs deca club members advanced to the state-level competition in february, while student leaders from across the district modeled their leadership by organizing service projects and participating in activities like ‘teen court’ at the skagit county courthouse. other students showed their artistic talents, with our visual artists demonstrating their skills at a recent ‘pop-up art show’ at b-ehs and our allen students creating ornaments for the governor’s christmas tree. impressively, several of our drama students recently earned the chance to compete at the national high school thespian competition this summer. these are just some of the many activities that highlight the diverse strengths of our students.  our students make us proud each and every day and deserve to be celebrated!district consolidation and reconfiguration plan updateschool placement letters were emailed and mailed this month to all kindergarten through 7th grade students.  these letters communicated each student's school placement for the 2025-2026 school year, along with other enrollment-related resources and information.  these letters were differentiated by grade levels and, when applicable, by school.  six different letters were sent out to families, based on this differentiation.  we expect to spend the next couple of weeks working with families on this placement topic - answering questions, addressing concerns, and providing guidance.  i am also excited to share that we had an initial meeting with community partners about creating early learning, childcare and after-school programming options next year at west view.  a planning committee will soon convene in order to further develop this plan, but there is a lot to be excited about here - for our students, families and community!  also, something more to be excited about - as we progress through the student placement phase of our consolidation/reconfiguration plan, it is clear that we will be able to significantly expand access to dual language for our students and families.  and lastly, a committee convened this month to start generating ideas for k-8 alternative learning programs/options in our community.  i am very excited to share more details of this very promising work in the months to come.school board appreciation monthjanuary provides us with the opportunity to share our appreciation for our school board members!  we are grateful for these dedicated individuals who make a positive impact on our schools and community!end of galleryfamily/student access - skywardmenuscalendarathleticsenrollmentjobspayment portalabout b-esd13.3average years teaching experience for a b-esd teacher7 out of 10teachers in 
b-esd have a masters degree86%b-esd cohort 4-year graduation rate (2023)23%b-esd students qualify as multilingual learners100%b-esd students eligible for free breakfast and lunch15%b-esd teachers with national board certification2b-esd dual language programs: west view school (k-6) and lu school (7-8)spotlightprevious spotlight itemcongratulations to b-ehs social studies teacher, ryan kuttel - the burlington morning rotary teacher of the year!- 2024 teacher of the yearcongratulations to camryn and johnathan, burlington morning rotary students of the month for april!- april 2024 students of the monthcongratulations to megan and meg, burlington morning rotary students of the month for march!- march 2024 students of the monthcongratulations to suhani k., jasmin k., and xochiquetzaly m., the burlington morning rotary students of the month for february/january.- february 2024 students of the monthstudent spotlight: as a b-ehs student, eboney participates in ncta's money and business program. she supports the public relations plan for the center's partner dinner and manages the social media. #talentedtiger- student spotlightcongratulations to cora and xochiquetzaly (not pictured), burlington morning rotary students of the month for january!- january 2024 students of the monthcongratulations to jay and hana - burlington morning rotary students of the month for december! - december 2023 students of the monthcongratulations to lilianna and andrew, burlington morning rotary students of the month for november!- november 2023 students of the monthcongratulations to katy c. and oliver n., the burlington morning rotary students of the month for october.- october 2023 students of the month congratulations to tania and riley - burlington morning rotary students of the month for september! -  september 2023 students of the monthcongratulations to b-ehs english teacher jennifer bradbury, winner of the washington state book award for her latest picture book "rock by rock: the fantastical garden of nek chand."next spotlight itemburlington weather
find usburlington-edison school district927 east fairhavenburlington, wa 98233tel (360) 757-3311fax (360) 755-9198questions@be.wednet.edusuperintendentdr. chris pearsonschoolsburlington-edison school districtallen schoolbay view schooledison schoollucille umbarger schoolwest view schoolburlington-edison high schoolsend kudos!did a b-esd student or staff do something amazing!
send some kudos by clicking on the icon above.stay connectedsafe schools alertb-esd non discrimination/equal opportunity statementthe burlington-edison school district does not discriminate in any programs or activities on the basis of race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, honorably-discharged veteran or military status, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, marital status, the presence of any sensory, mental or physical disability, or the use of a trained dog guide or service animal by a person with a disability. the district will provide equal access to school facilities to the boy scouts of america and all other designated youth groups listed in title 36 of the united states code as a patriotic society. district programs will be free from sexual harassment. the burlington-edison school district offers many career and technical education (cte) programs/courses in the following areas: agriculture education; business and marketing; family and consumer sciences; health sciences; skilled and technical sciences; and stem (science, technology, engineering and mathematics). for more information about cte course offerings and admissions criteria, contact kirk hamilton, cte director, 927 e. fairhaven ave., wa 98233, 360-757-4074. lack of english language proficiency will not be a barrier to admission and participation in cte programs. the following employees have been designated to handle questions and complaints of alleged discrimination:     > civil rights compliance coordinator, jennifer whitney, jwhitney@be.wednet.edu (360-757-3311)     > title ix coordinator, jennifer whitney, jwhitney@be.wednet.edu (360-757-3311)     > ada coordinator, jeff brown, jbrown@be.wednet.edu (360-757-3311)      > section 504 coordinator, jeff brown, jbrown@be.wednet.edu (360-757-3311)address: 927 e. fairhaven avenue, burlington, wa 98233title ix inquiries may also be directed toward the u.s. department of education, office of civil rights (ocr): https://www2.ed.gov/about/offices/list/ocr/index.html. information about the nondiscrimination and sex-based discrimination policies and grievance procedures, and how to report a concern or complaint: https://www.be.wednet.edu/page/b-esd-equity-and-nondiscrimination. the burlington-edison school district is an equal opportunity employer and provides equal employment opportunity and treatment for all applicants and staff in recruitment, hiring, retention, assignment, transfer, promotion, and training. the district is a smoke-free/drug-free workplace.copyright © 2025 burlington-edison school district. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more




