








home - department of commerce federal credit union










































































































docfcu branches will be closing friday, february 14th at 1:30pm and will be closed monday, february 17th  in observance of president’s day.



close alerts


skip to content








get in touch  |  branches & atms  |  routing #254074439 












 














online banking

password

sign in

enroll  |  forgot password? 


























 








rates
performance checking
share certificates & savings

certificates
savings
money market
iras


mortgage & home equity

mortgage
home equity loan & line of credit


loans

vehicle loans & refinancing
personal loans & lines of credit
credit cards
emergency loan
payday alternative loan


relationship rewards
resources

electronic services
faqs
calculators
blog
fee schedule
forms for members
about your account number
balance: free financial counseling/education
member security & awareness
member news
savvymoney
trustage
wire transfers
zelle


about

our story
our volunteers
membership eligibility
member testimonials


 











department of commerce federal credit union is now open to all u.s. citizens and resident aliens. 










become a member
















search




 












 














department of commerce - federal credit union 








winter greetings!february member news & benefits2025 vibe - saving 3 easy ways!
 free financial webinars
 cut credit card debt & more
live well, save more - read now! 





kiss high-rate debt goodbyeconsolidate & save!
 take that winter vacation
 emergency, moving, wedding...
 home improvement 
give finances love / fund fun!  





vehicle loans & refinancingsave cash on your auto loan
 up to 105% new/used financing
 low rates & flexible terms
 truecar® car buying service
easy to apply & get fast approvals! 





get the cash you need...home sweet home equity! for unexpected expenses or any reason
 no closing costs* lines of credit
 fixed-rate equity loans
 and, mortgages/refi's nationwide
easily tap into your home's equity  






 














 




							share certificates as high as						


2.94% apy* 









 




							checking as high as						


3.50% apy 









 




							auto loans as low as						


5.60% apr* 










 




							credit cards as low as 						


 10.99% apr*  














our services 



whether you’re saving or spending, we’ll help you do it wisely. 









artboard 1share certificatesfind some of the best rates on share certificates right here. 


cdsfind some of the best rates on certificates of deposits right here. learn more



 









artboard 1checkingchecking that earns interest and so much more – with no minimums or service fees.


checkingchecking that earns interest and so much more – with no minimums or service fees.learn more



 









artboard 1auto loansdrive a hard bargain with competitive auto loan rates and online approval.


auto loansdrive a hard bargain with competitive auto loan rates and online approval.learn more



 









credit-cardcredit cardslow rates and no annual fees help you save more as you spend. 


credit cardslow rates and no annual fees help you save more as you spend.learn more



 















the products and services that can help you live well, below your means. 





share certificatescheckinglending


earn a guaranteed rate of return on your savings with docfcu share certificates . with terms that range from 6 months to 5 years, and minimum deposits as low as $500, you can choose what fits best for your needs and budget. click here to learn more about share certificates.our performance checking account is everything you want in a great checking account – and more! it’s an interest-bearing checking account that pays monthly dividends, with no minimum balance and no monthly maintenance fee.* click here to learn more about performance checking.from purchasing your first home to refinancing an existing mortgage, or taking advantage of our car buying service to getting a credit card with competitive rates and zero fees, we’ve got the loans and lines of credit you need. click here to learn more about lending. 













testimonials 



what our members have to say: 







“we consolidated our entire debt using a home equity loan from the credit union and now saving $1026 a month”member




"we refinanced our auto loans from the bank and now saving $136 a month in payments. we love docfcu!”member




 











 







							download our app						



get the docfcu mobile app now 



							manage all your docfcu accounts in one convenient place – and from wherever you can access the internet. take advantage of time and money-saving services like bill pay, remote deposit, e-statements, turbotax®, money management powered by quicken® and more.						



available on: 












apple store 

apple store 


 












google play 

google play 


 















member news 



read the monthly docfcu enewsletter
 




february 2025winter greetings… hoping your heart gets lighter as the days get brighter. as we embrace the season, we’re excited to bring you some fantastic…


january 2025start the new year with smart financial choices as we welcome 2025, there’s no better time to set yourself up for financial success —…


december 2024season’s greetings from docfcu! the holidays are here, bringing the magic of lights, laughter, and time spent with family and friends. it’s a time…


 











stay in touch 



subscribe to our newsletter and get exclusive deals you won’t find anywhere else straight to your inbox! 







 
















products 



share certificates
savings accounts
checking accounts
mortgage
home equity
loans
credit cards
rates
 







resources 



electronic services
faqs
calculators
relationship rewards
forms for members
the corner
member news
 







about 



locations/atms
our story
our volunteers
member testimonials
get in touch
sitemap
 







terms & legal 



member security and awareness
site disclosures
privacy statement
about your account number
fee schedule
 











apps 



apple storegoogle play 







contacts 



tel. 202.808.3600 



tel.  888.626.9845 






facebook
 










partners 







 







 











 















routing and id 



routing # 254074439nmls id # 810389 












©2025 department of commerce fcu. all rights reserved. 









   






















































