

    dentist in lemont, il | seven rivers dental                 
(630) 257-1010 15419 e 127th stlemont, il 60439             mon: 2pm – 8pmtue :10am – 5pm
wed: 9am – 5pmthu: 9am – 5pm
fri: 9am – 12pmsat & sun: closed



menuhome
about
our doctor
our team
our office

new patients
appointments
services
cosmetic dentistry
dental crowns & bridges
dental bonding
dental implants
dental sealants
dental x-rays
dentures
mouth guards
oral cancer
pediatric dentistry
periodontal disease
preventive
root canal (endodontics)
tooth extraction
snoring & sleep apnea
tmj

contact
submit review


restoring our patient’s smiles so they can get back to doing what they lovecall us: (630) 257-1010get directionsrequest an appointment


 rate us:     welcome to seven rivers dental, where world class care meets a family feel. as you walk through our office doors you instantly become not just a patient but a part of our family. our goal is to transform your dental experience to being as comfortable as possible and one that leaves you smiling. our hygiene appointments feel more like catching up with an old friend and any dental treatment you may need is handled with the highest quality of care. at seven rivers dental we promise to make a difference in your life and your oral health every appointment, every time.
we are here to alleviate your pain, where your emergency becomes our priority. call for same day emergency dental appointment at 630-257-1010quality
at seven rivers dental providing high quality care and treatment is one of our top goals. this quality starts from the exceptional consultation and  expertise  you receive when you see dr. kate. experience matters and dr. kate has over 30 years of experience. dr. kate is known to do everything she can to save a tooth and she takes a very restorative approach. our high quality care continues with the labs we partner with that are local, high quality certified labs so you never have to question where your crowns, bridges, nightguards, and everything in between are coming from.innovation
at the cornerstone of everything we do is innovation. we know that the field of dentistry is constantly evolving which is why we strive to not only keep up with these changes but stay ahead of them. innovation exists at seven rivers dental from dr. kate consistently attending continuing education classes to using new dental materials and instruments to maximize your treatment outcome and comfort. you can be certain that you are receiving innovative and above average care at every visit.comfort
another core principle of ours at seven rivers dental is comfort. we know you probably don’t want to be getting dental work done which is why we try to make the experience as enjoyable as possible for you. we focus on alleviating both your pain and any common dental anxiety you may be having by dedicating the time to answer your questions.  we even provide the option of watching your favorite netflix show or listening to your preferred music right from the dental chair! dr. kate always prioritizes giving you any breaks you may need during your treatment and thoroughly explains what she’s doing every step of the way. we prioritize comfort so much we have even had patients tell us they feel comfortable taking a nap during their appointment!trust
dr. kate cares which is why she strives to build a trusting relationship with all her patients. a key part of building trust at seven rivers dental is transparency. treatment plans are always clearly outlined and explained and we never try to add anything “extra”. dr. kate always goes the extra mile like personally calling every patient after a treatment to check in and make sure everything is going smoothly. at seven rivers dental you can rest assured that as a patient your best interests are always put first.hear it from our patients i appreciate the time dr. kate spends on explaining every procedure, educate me, and respect my needs. it is far beyond my expectations. it took me a while to find a dentist for my family and myself, but i am glad i did!
edyta kapusta1/19/2025 excellent dentist. highly recommended. skillful, patient, considerate. her assistant is tops as well!
henry11/23/2024 dr. kate really makes you feel so comfortable, which is not an easy thing to do in a dentist office. her assistants are just as kind and knowledgeable! haven't gone anywhere else in years. i really enjoy all my experiences with dr. rachkova. highly recommend
dafne flores10/02/2024 i went in for a filling this afternoon. i love dr. kate. she is so kind and considerate of my comfort while she is working in my mouth. i get to choose what music is playing. the procedure rooms and lobby are comfortably and beautifully decorated to bring a sense of calm to a stressful activity. the staff is always friendly and cheerful. i wish dental care was this easy when i first started going to the dentist 60 years ago!
meg machacek3/13/2024 dr. kate is great! very knowledgeable, caring and kind. it’s comforting to find someone you can trust. she continues to give me the very best dental care. i highly recommend her. my teeth are in great shape and that’s because of dr. kate.
robert sniegowski2/27/2024 me and my family have been going to dr. kate now for years, and get nothing but the best service, work, and fair pricing. she is the best!!
pat bobko2/27/2024 they were so nice, professional and informative! they did such a great job and my teeth feel so clean!
jacob carley11/19/2023 dr. kate is amazing! she worked so well with my daughter to make her feel comfortable and not afraid. answered all of my questions and concerns.i am so thankful that we found this place.i highly recommend seven river dental!
dilyana rusinova11/05/2023 dr. kate is an extremely caring dentist.  i have confidence and know that she will help me to keep my mouth healthy.  when there is an issue she is there to resolve it. her follow up and personal care gives me a sense of peace.   she is the best dentist i have ever had.
marla zlatos1/28/2023 i was a patient of dr parker before he retired and was nervous about switching dentists. after my first visit with dr kate i was relieved. dr kate and staff are absolutely amazing. highly skilled and more importantly they truly care about you. i highly recommend seven rivers dental!
biren patel12/23/2022 seven rivers dental
 phone:  (630) 257-1010   address:  15419 e 127th st, lemont, il 60439  
sitemap | accessibility | website by doctor multimedia

×	
  call us 
  text us        skip to content

open toolbar
accessibility tools
 
accessibility tools


increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 


negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset

