








cnyantiques.com | antiques related businesses in the counties around syracuse ny, provided by tom miller, serendipity: antiques, artwork & goodies, n. syracuse



























 





cnyantiques.com
antiques related businesses in the counties around syracuse ny, provided by tom miller, serendipity: antiques, artwork & goodies, n. syracuse


menu
skip to content
home
shops & galleries-
flea markets
book stores
salvage
shows
auction houses
repair, restoration & replacement
appraisers
estate & house sale help
packing & shipping service
business support
the arts
lodging, restaurants, ..
serendipity
special events
organizations
blog
 






home


this web site was built by and is maintained by tom miller, owner of  serendipity: antiques, artwork & goodies, 450 s. main st, n. syracuse, ny, usually in the shop mon. – wed., 11 am – 5 pm, sometime thur. and/or fri., please call first 315-458-5999.  with any luck at all, we hope to make this site your source for information on everything related to antiques in central new york (cny), check out the arts page as well..  please take a look around, feedback would be appreciated. beware, the store email sometimes balks at large files (more than 5 meg.) .. the home email is more robust.  i check all regularly

note, this is my second manufacture of the site, seems my here-to-for previous web site software/tool “front page”, designed by the great microsoft, is no longer functional in the new operating systems provided with computers (guess microsoft didn’t think it was making enough money to update their tool).  i am buried in my store, trying to learn “word press”.  i’m too old for this!  if there was something on my old site that you would like to see, and you can’t find it here, you may view it at http://www.cnyantiques.com/frontpage/.
please let the business you call or visit know you found them at “www.cnyantiques.com“.
if you are in a business which a typical antiques person might find useful or interesting, and wish to advertise here, contact tom via serendipity@centralny.twcbc.com (store, best place), or tommiller@twcny.rr.com (home).
if you found an area that needs attention, i’d appreciate an email. encouraging emails are always appreciated!
i produced the greater syracuse antiques guide for about 10 years, up until covid, which you may find in an antiques store or antiques show.
around the same time, when we were all closed, i had to take my credit card processor in texas to court to stop them from taking $55 / month out of my checking account. even when the court told them to cease, they continued until i closed that business account.  so i’m down on credit cards and no longer accept them.
if you would like to email me pictures of your antiques, for an informal appraisal, or to discuss their sale to us, or just to say “hi” .. please feel free.
thanks for visiting.  happy trails.












				proudly powered by wordpress			






