











water utility services city of waco
































































opens in new tab or window 






water conservation

notice: waco residents and businesses are required to follow a 3-day watering schedule all year.
water conservation plan information

close this announcement






skip to main content






quick links


meeting agendascodes & ordinancesmywacotvfacebooktwitterinstagramyoutube



english (united states) select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagechinese (simplified) select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languagegerman select this as your preferred languageitalian select this as your preferred language



            select a language to translate to
		




english (united states) select this as your preferred languagespanish select this as your preferred languagechinese (simplified) select this as your preferred languagefrench select this as your preferred languagegerman select this as your preferred languageitalian select this as your preferred language









					city of waco - home - logo
					



open search



menu








about waco

sub-menu

waco's 175th anniversarycity of waco attractionsdowntown waco free parkingcameron parkcameron park zoolake waco wetlandsrestaurantsshop waco giftstexas ranger hall of famevisiting wacowaco flagwaco mammoth national monumentwaco regional airport

business
sub-menu

advertising opportunitiesbid opportunitiesdevelopment guideincentivesinfrastructurepermits & licenseswhy waco

departments
sub-menu

airportanimal servicescameron park zoocity attorney’s officecity manager's officecity secretary's officecode compliancecommunications & marketingconvention & visitors servicescourteconomic developmentfiscal management servicesfire departmenthealth districthousing & community developmenthuman resourcesinformation technologyinspection serviceslibrarymetropolitan planning organizationneighborhood engagementparks & recreationplanning servicespolice departmentpublic workspurchasingsolid wastetexas ranger hall of fametransit systemwater utility services

government
sub-menu

beautification, arts & cultureboards & commissionsbudgets & reportscity councilcapital improvement projectscity directoryclaim for damageselectionsmetropolitan planning organizationvision, mission & valuesorganizational chartpublic meetingssustainability & resiliencytransparencyperformance measures dashboardwatch council meetingswaco youth council

resident
sub-menu

bus routescity limits newslettercommon questionscontact the cityfinancial assistancehealth districtfree community wi-fimy homeneighborhood engagementpublic safetyquick links








search













you are here : 


home
/

departments/water utility services



water utility services
open side menu

bosque river coalition


building waco


divisions


fats, oils & grease (fog)


forms & information


frequently asked questions (faqs)


lake waco wetlands
sub-menu

frequently asked questionsresearch & education centervideos

lead & water information
sub-menu

service line material map

pay your water bill


sewer overflows


tours & education


wastewater treatment
sub-menu

north brazos wastewater treatment plant

water utility rates


water conservation

 







water utility services








water news

water utility rates to increase
effective jan. 1, the city of waco will be implementing an annual adjustment to the water utility rates. this increase is necessary to maintain reliable water service and infrastructure for our customers.
review water rates
new service line material map
the city of waco has launched a new service line material map. this online tool allows residents to easily identify the material of their water service line. the map was created after the city of waco took inventory of over 50,000 service lines in compliance with the environmental protection agency's new lead and copper rule.
there are no known lead services within the city's system or on the customer side. however, the city remains committed to replacing any lead lines discovered during maintenance or repairs.
view the map & learn more
the map and more information about the city of waco's proactive approach to addressing lead in water service lines will also be available at waco city hall (300 austin ave) and central library (1717 austin ave).



new service

for new residential or to transfer service, call (254) 299-city (2489).

please allow one business day for set up.
if water, sewer, and/or solid waste services are available at your address, charges will all bill together on one billing statement.
a government issued identification and social security number are required.
residential security deposits are based on previous account history and/or credit history. deposit will range from $75.00 to $300.00.
residential service fees to being new services are:

$50 service fee
$20 solid waste administration fee


payment methods accepted:

mastercard, visa, and discover
electronic check
cash or money order payments are accepted at our drive-thu located at 425 franklin ave.






about us

water is vital to life! your city of waco water utility services department is committed to the protection of public health and to the quality management of water and wastewater services.
we do this through the divisions of:

water distribution
wastewater collection
water treatment
water quality laboratory
water office
pretreatment
waco metropolitan area regional sewerage system (wmarss)






new water/wastewater taps

residential construction

sabrina beck, new construction, water & wastewater taps (254) 299-2464
garrett gonzalez, meter services (254) 750-6643

commercial construction

mike norman  (254) 750-8049




wastewater planning

in 2019, the city of waco completed a study of the china spring area sewer basin. the study indicated that growth is exceeding current capacity.
after exploring potential sites for a future wastewater treatment plant, the city purchased property on buster chatham road.
north brazos wastewater treatment plant



lake waco water levels


*this data is updated daily from ⁠waterdatafortexas.org



water conservation tips

did you know...

shower (per minute): 2.1 - 2.5 gallons
bath: 36 - 50 gallons
toilet flush: 1.6 - 3 gallons (older toilets) / 1.28 gallons (newer watersense toilets)
washing machine (per load): 15 - 45 gallons
dishwasher (per load): 6 - 16 gallons
faucet (per minute): 1 - 2.5 gallons (standard) / 0.5 - 1.5 gallons (watersense)
outdoor watering (per hour): 7 - 10 gallons (standard hose) / 1 - 7 gallons (drip irrigation)
leaky faucet (per day): up to 20 gallons
brushing teeth (with tap running): 1 - 2 gallons
shaving (with tap running): 3 - 7 gallons

check out the conservation tips below for everyday ways to save water. the more you save, the less you pay plus our water supply lasts longer! share these tips with others!
in the bathroom:

no wipes, paper towels, diapers or trash should ever be flushed down the toilet.
take shorter showers.
turn off the tap while you soap, shampoo, brush your teeth and shave.

around the house:

only run your washing machine and dishwasher when they’re full and don’t over-soap to reduce the amount of rinsing you need.
only two tablespoons of detergent will clean 12 pounds of clothes!
defrost food in the refrigerator instead of under running water.

in the yard:

use a broom to clear leaves and grass clippings from your sidewalks and porches, instead of a hose.
put the clippings around your flowers and shrubs as mulch.
learn about composting and give it a try to reduce evaporation from your topsoil.
learn about rainwater harvesting to reuse water for gardening, pools and more.
consider zeroscaping and plant drought resistant, native plants and succulents. you’ll have some beautiful landscaping and save time on maintenance, too.

a few more tips:

find and fix leaks on your property. repair running toilets and dripping faucets to protect your home, save you money and save water.
think about how you use water outside of your home, too. use the same rules to wash your hands or flush the toilets around town. all the water comes from the same place, so it’s all precious!

other helpful information:

texas water development board
water iq
texas living waters project









contact us

phone
(254) 299-2489
email
wacowater@wacotx.gov
location
waco water office
425 franklin avenue
waco, tx
76701
view map

hours
drive thru & call center:monday - friday7:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.





			pay your bill online 24/7
		


log in to mywacowater to pay your bill anytime, sign up for leak alerts and manage your water usage.
mywacowater login




			apply for a watering variance
		


newly planted landscaping has different needs than established landscaping. you can apply for a watering variance for your new plants. 
apply for a 60-day watering variance 




			helpful information
		



need help paying your bill?
donate to help your neighbors
educational tours
water faqs













back to top









contact us
comments & concerns:
mywaco portal
(254) 299-2489
city of waco, texas
po box 2570
300 austin avenue
waco, tx 76702
view map

quick links
 
brand guide


municipal court


pay water bill


recognize an employee



share & connect
 

facebook




twitter




youtube




instagram











privacy statement & disclaimer | sitemap | employees only



                                    © 2025 city of waco | powered by granicus

















