







messaging and optics strategist loren weisman















































 






















home
about
work with me
services
speaking
video shorts
faq’s
podcast
links
contact
 




 





					first discovery steps i take with clients. podcast				


january 10, 2025
brand communications and optics strategist loren weisman
0



first discovery steps i take with clients is s.10 e.4 n.144 of the messaging and optics podcast, wait what really ok hosted by messaging and […]
 



 





					quotes to consider from messaging and optics strategist loren weisman				


november 19, 2024
brand communications and optics strategist loren weisman
0



quotes to consider from messaging and optics strategist loren weisman “the foundation of transparent messaging is often framed by your words, your story and your […]
 



 





					where has all the vetting gone? podcast				


november 5, 2024
brand communications and optics strategist loren weisman
0



where has all the vetting gone? is s.10 e.3 n.143 of the fsg messaging and optics podcast, wait what really ok hosted by messaging and […]
 



 





					discerning and defining a project manager role. (podcast)				


august 21, 2024
brand communications and optics strategist loren weisman
0



discerning and defining a project manager role with derrick boudwin. a wait what really ok podcast transcription blog with links and info. discerning and defining […]
 



 





					strategizing a book creation plan with a sound blueprint.				


august 20, 2024
brand communications and optics strategist loren weisman
0



strategizing a boo creation plan with a sound blueprint talk title. strategizing a book creation plan with a sound blueprint. a loren weisman talk title. […]
 



posts pagination
1
2
…
13
»
 

create that impact organically...
brand communications and optics strategist loren weisman is a brand communications and optics strategist.

illuminating authoritative intelligence & amplifying authentic experts
growing, grafting and branching a brand with a clear and transparent foundation that aligns its messaging, optics, content, communication, perceptions and presence, can offer the greatest chance for the desired response.
this is done through strategic blueprinting across the array of branding, development, communication, organization, messaging, marketing and moral strategies in order to build the most solid and sound foundation possible. by focusing on highlighting truth over hype, while organizing and harmonizing the creativity, honesty, transparency, clarity and uniformity, the deliverable stands out with truth and respect.
this is not for those trying to appear as experts with no experience or ability. this is only for experts with genuine authority that are looking to stand out in today’s world both online and off.

 
this work is done through single or multiple sessions, as well as short packages and longer term sessions. all depending on what is desired and what is needed. 
* 
weisman is also the host of the podcast; wait what really ok.*
 





lorenweisman.com (brand communications & optics strategist) disclaimers, copyrights, cookies & other linksmessaging and optics strategist (lorenweisman.com) disclaimer page
messaging and optics strategist website legals: ©, pp, t&c, lol, d&r, cos, aup, ipr
© 2024 loren weisman (messaging and optics strategist) . all rights reserved ® ℗





copyright © 2025 | wordpress theme by mh themes







manage cookie consent






cookies are used optimize the website. your information is not used for any tracking, selling, or data.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 





















