








paige hendricks public relations
















































phpr






















phpr










paige hendricks pr inc

quick overview of phpr, a 46-year north texas pr enterprise now focusing on high level strategic consulting.  for more: pkhendricks@phprinc.com


















establishing relationships. sustaining reputations.













at paige hendricks pr, we specialize in communication strategies that help solve business problems













our client relationships are straightforward and efficient. for each situation, we customize the approach to meet the client’s unique needs. our north texas clients often need help developing and refining brands, telling stories, creating public information campaigns, and understanding how best to interact with media locally, nationally, and internationally. we created public relation strategies to take  our dallas-fort worth clients to an international stage. as well, we guide executives as they work to manage sensitive issues or situations.  clients engage us on an hourly, project or retainer basis. 





client comments“paige provides an inside track to anyone navigating fort worth’s media, business, and non-profit communities. her market insights and personal contacts were invaluable assets; she helped us avoid missteps, showed us alternatives to consider, and made many helpful introductions along the road to launching a new art festival. i was delighted with the help and attention we received.“ - greg belz, executive director, artworks foundation“i've worked with paige for more years than i care to count. her combination of brilliant insights and real-world feasibility make her someone i turn to again and again.”- janelle montgomery, business advisor, entrada & keith house “thank you and your team for helping us build our business. we appreciate all you do for us.”-  imran khan, saizek investments, owner, black rooster bakery and the lunch box“paige helped guide us by developing a strategic messaging and communications action plan. her expertise was invaluable and assured an accurate understanding of various elements of our organizational structure and history. her assistance was exactly what we needed and we will definitely call on paige when we need her expertise in the future!”-  kathy lanier, former executive director, carroll education foundation“paige hendricks brought a wealth of experience, market knowledge and resources to the task of guiding staff and the board of directors through strategic messaging and rebranding of the drc, formerly day resource center for the homeless. we so valued our agency’s partnership with paige and phpr during these efforts.”-  bruce frankel, ceo, drc solutions













approach
recommending only what is neededgetting it right the first timeconsistently meeting deadlinesadding support resources as appropriate















longevity
over the years, our ability to connect the dots and provide ways to engage audiences has benefited every client.  it’s been a privilege to have fulfilled engagements in many industries for over four decades.  















digital archives
selected samples 















colleagues
we often work with seasoned strategic partners like lauren kwedar cockerell of fort worth’s kwedar & co., among others.



 













ballet concerto’s summer dance concert opens in june 2025 for four nights at the shops at clearfork, fort worth.







top





paige hendricks public relations817.798.4004 | pkhendricks@phprinc.com     © 2024 phpr - all rights reserved. site development, design  by csds.









