






sadili - developing the power of sports in africa














































home
  about
  causes
  team
  volunteer
  success
  gallery
  testimonials
  contact

















save a  child's future

dream. perform. become.

learn more





we need your help

dream. perform. become.

learn more




together we cangive them hope
dream. perform. become.
learn more







sports for life










support a child, buy this book!
for over 20 years dr. elizabeth odera has been using sports and education to save lives. racquet in hand, she travels the dirt roads of kibera, one of the world’s biggest and most dangerous slums, seeking to help those humanity seems to have forgotten. a true hero in every sense of the word, sports for life details her amazing journey passes along the philosophy that continues to change and save the lives of countless children.
















improving livelihoods through sports in africa






girl power clubs



what we need:
$334/kes.34068 one club per school per year
































slum sports



what we need: 
 $1000/kes.102000  one sports and life skills event
































wash



what we need: 
 $1200/kes.122400clean drinking water to 700 children.
































ushindi boys clubs



what we need: 
$334/kes. 34068one club per school per year



































sadili connect











events calendar









facebook








youtube









twitter
tweets by @sadilioval














about us
"sadili" comes from a kiswahili term, meaning "well-being"










who we are
sadili is a social enterprise that uses sports and education to empower children and youth to improve their health, reduce poverty and improve learning for a better future. sports is the single-most influential medium that cuts across all cultural and social barriers and provides opportunity to influence behavioral change, and provide a means for social integration.  








recognition
winner of the "spirit of the land" award 2003 from the international olympic committee at salt lake city olympics for our sports for life programme, gforse award in japan in 2003, ptr humanitarian of the year award in usa in 2004. selected as the model centre for excellence for africa by unep and global sports alliance (gsa) in august 2001.








our history
sadili oval sports academy has its beginnings as a swamp that became a reclaimed dumpsite near the kibera slums, a situation complicated by an open sewer from 7 estates of 500 houses. sadili later became the only available space for children from kibera and the adjoining estates of langata, to play sport, and learn life skills and environmental leadership. 








what we do
through sport we improve physical fitness, help children learn about rules and fair play, cope with winning and losing and do better at school work. we do this by providing lifeskill training, mentoring, coaching and facilities to more than 7,000 children annually in kenya. we focus on basketball, tennis, soccer, rugby, netball and volleyball.











our latest videos








what we do





    to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a
    web browser that
  






wash





    to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a
    web browser that
  





water safety





    to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a
    web browser that
  






flying toilets





    to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a
    web browser that
  















our causes
why not be part of this great movement for change? it starts with you!









girl power clubs africa
girl power clubs africa is a women leadership program that trains teenage girls to become agents of positive change through sport, culture, art and dance, currently targeting 3400 girls from 42 schools in kenya. we help girls gain self-esteem and learn to make life-changing decisions through sports. visit our website at  http://www.girlpowerclubs.org.


























slum sports
sadili targets the slum kids in the slums, who face early marriages, violence, hiv/aids, poor hygiene, low school attendance, limited opportunity to play and lack of space for play, poor security and no electricity. we use sports to teach survival skills to 2100 underpriviledged children below 12 years. visit our blog.  sadili blog.


























 wash
wash stands for "water, sanitation and hygiene" 40% of the world's population do not have access to a clean toilet and many do not practise hand-washing with soap before eating and after using the toilet. we run campaigns and train young leaders to promote good "wash" behaviour through sport. visit our blog sadili blog.


























ushindi boys clubs
ushindi boys clubs is a men's leadership programme that initiates teenage boys through various stages of growth into young men. the process involves mentoring, enterpreneurship training and character building to help them develop self-respect, discipline, responsibility and community spirit visit our website
ushindi boys clubs





























meet our non-profit team






dr. elizabeth odera


2021 black tennis hall of famer, dr. elizabeth odera, is a celebrated kenyan sports professional and director of non-profit, sadili oval sports academy and author of .sports for life. (amazon). "princy", as the kids call her, has been involved in the education and training of more than 11,000 youth in various sports, including basketball, tennis, football, rugby, athletics and swimming amongst poor and rich communities alike, making sadili the melting pot for youth sports in the east african region.
liz was celebrated as one of the world's most influential and inspiring women of 2011 (ashoka changemaker), has been knighted with the medal of french order of youth and sports by the government of france and a the head of state commendation (hsc) from the government of kenya.



















volunteer
we are constantly seeking individuals, schools, universities and organizations who can partner with us







infrastructure
we seek solar initiatives, construction of toilets, water tanks, outdoor learning and play spaces, courts, donation of laptops and sports equipment.








sports coaching
we seek experienced sports coaches to work in our grassroots program around the country in tennis, soccer, basketball, rugby and netball.








fundraising
we seek professionals to handle proposal writing, seek partnerships, run press releases, runonline communication, budgeting, plans, schedules, and checklists








internships
we offer internships positions for college students in social work, early childhood education, public health, accounting, it and data management.








feeding program
we are looking for partners to help develop a long-term feeding and clean drinking water program that will reduce malnutrition.








mentor
we need mentors for both girl power and ushindi boys clubs, from professionals and local communities. mentorships can be online.













success stories
get a glimpse of our monitoring and evaluation data.





4120
girl leaders





37611
play sports





47%
improved school attendance





81%
practise wash









our gallery






all

girls & boys

sports

wash










girl power clubs africa
						 girl power clubs session in progress
						 








sadili court of dreams
						 playing at the court of dreams
						 








girl power clubs africa
						 girls in discussion session
						 








boys2men clubs africa
						 mentoring through rugby
						 








wash
						 handwash demonstration
						 








wash
						 game-based approach to learning hygiene
						 








girl power clubs africa
						 girls campaign against drug addition


						 








slum sports
						 slum tennis session in kibera 


						 












testimonials










							"denis otieno improved his performance, scoring 299 out of 500 marks in his mid-term exam, and managed to score 399 marks for end-term.i can't deny that sadili has helped in the improvement of denis. (and other pupils.) overall performance in class. i have noticed that he is particularly keener than before. says his teacher."
						 


denis otieno

								 7 years, kibera
							   









                                                 "i shower almost every day, comb my hair and brush my teeth every morning before i go to school", samuel says, "one day my mother asked me why i insist on washing my hands with soap before i start eating. i told her that sadili come to play and teach us to use soap so we don't fall sick, now i go to school everyday, i never miss school".
                                  		 


samuel omondi

								  9 years, kibera
							   









			emmy was born a normal child. at the age of 3, she developed complications after a polio vaccine went wrong. she got very sick and was admitted to hospital for several weeks. consequently, her left arm and leg were temporarily paralyzed. thankfully with sadili's projects, she has been getting better with the passing of time. 
						 


emmy akinyi

								  8 years old, kibera.
							   









						carrick never attended school regularly before. “wednesday is my favorite day because it is the day we get to go to play at the kibera tennis court. i wish we could go there every day.”  carrick says. “i also like the songs we learn during the tennis sessions. sadili always makes it enjoyable.”	
						 


carrick emmanuel

								  6 years old
							   









						"coming to sadili, i did not have much experience. do you know i held a professional camera for the first time when i started working at sadili?" she pauses. " i'm glad that i can take quality of photos. i also wrote my first blog story and did an application for funding at sadili!”
						 


eleanor orao

							  comm. and partnerships
							   









							"i learnt how to use computers, i can send emails, use the internet, collect data and write reports. i know what child protection policy is, i also have a health insurance card and a bank account". working at sadili has helped me meet my basic needs, and save for pocket money while in college. 
						 


triza mboya
community coach 
							   


















get in touch
we are always pleased to hear from you !




off old kitengela rd, langata, 
					   nairobi, 00100
				   



askus at sadili.com



 +254 746964461 (whatsapp)





please fill in the following form to contact us


your name *


email *


phone *


regarding

donation
general
mentor
internship
volunteer


message *


are you human?

             5 + 5 = 


 





















get in touch with us

						 off kitengela rd, langata, 
						  nairobi, 00100


 +254 746964461 (whatsapp)
askus at sadili.com






pages

about us
sadili blog
child policy
sports policy
contact us






links

events calendar
formhub
ushahidi
girl power clubs
ushindi blog









subscribe to our newsletter
* indicates required

email address  *






 
















© sadili  2017; all rights reserved. 



























































