







alabama private investigator - alabama pi






































skip to the content




alabama pimcdavidmeek.com




 
menu






home
services
about
shop










close menu
 


home
services
about
shop












alabama private investigator




alabama private detective – committed to your needs and satisfaction

it is our goal to become your premier investigative and research company for alabama. to that end, your alabama private investigator will go “all out” to satisfy your needs. “any time you need us, any where you need us to go, any way you want it done.”
when you explore our site you’ll find out more about how we’re dedicated to you.
alabama pi is your best choice:

alabama pi firm is licensed and insured.
your satisfaction is our first priority.
integrity, trust, accountability.

when you need to know the facts
with the combined experience of our partners, we offer you a variety of services for insurance, attorney, business, and individual clients throughout alabama and the south.
these include, but aren’t limited to, video surveillance, locating and interviewing a witness, court research, and background screening . if you need information in the south, you need an alabama private investigator to make sure you get what you need.
placing you, the client, first
our mission is to satisfy you. period. not only do we believe this is the right thing to do, this is also the best way for alabama investigations to become the best private investigation agency in birmingham, alabama.
we will do everything we can to document every step of your investigations. if we can’t document it, you aren’t billed for it. that’s important for the relationship of trust that you will have with us. mileage, hours on surveillance, time in travel, expenses, all these items are meticulously documented.
the way you want it done
why do we go to such lengths to document the details of your investigations? because we know that’s the way you want it. doing it your way is the hallmark of our goal of total customer satisfaction. in other words, if you’re happy… we’re happy.
that’s what it’s all about, isn’t it. we don’t want you to think of hiring a competent alabama private investigator as an expense. when you hire us for investigations, you are making an investment.
what do you mean, “investment”?
that depends on who is hiring the investigator:
businesses: your investigations are an investment that pays off in loss reduction, better hiring decision, reductions in the potential for workplace violence, and peace of mind.
attorneys: your investigations are an investment that pays off with increases in your productivity, confidence in your pretrial preparation, better success rates for your cases, maximizes your profitability of your billable hours, and gives you more freedom and time to devote to the practice of law.
insurance provider: your investigations are an investment that pays off in reduction of unchecked claimant fraud, recovery of potential losses, and maximizing the profitability of your policies.
people just like you: your investigations can provide reassurance, knowledge, satisfaction, peace of mind, recovery of that which was lost, and justice. while no private investigator can promise you all of these as a result of an investigation, it is always our hope that we’ll be able to deliver them to you, our client.
alabama private investigator firm works with the best private detectives and private investigators in alabama. affordable alabama investigation services.
find the best private investigators and private detectives in alabama near you. we work with experienced local al private investigator companies throughout the state.
find the best private investigators and private detectives in alabama near you. we work with experienced local al private investigator companies throughout the state.
most popular searches for private investigators in alabama



private investigator birmingham al
private investigator huntsville al


private investigator mobile al
private investigator montgomery al


al duncan private investigator
private investigator birmingham al cost


private investigator phenix city al
private investigator anniston al


private investigator florence al
private investigator jobs birmingham al


private investigator al
private investigator dothan al


affordable private investigator mobile al
al costa private investigator


birmingham private investigators birmingham al
private investigator auburn al


private investigator baldwin county al
private investigator cullman al


private investigator daphne al
private investigator decatur al


private investigator enterprise al
private investigator gadsden al


private investigator gulf shores al
private investigator jobs in montgomery al


private investigator madison al
private investigator tuscaloosa al



alabama private investigative services

business solutions
attorney solutions
insurance provider solutions
general public solutions

if you have a particular need that isn’t listed here, we will do whatever it takes to help you with your problems. if we can’t provide the service ourselves, we have extensive contacts within the private investigator community and would be happy to refer you to a another qualified private investigator in alabama and throughout the south.
the al private investigator firm works with experienced private investigators in alabama. find a local alabama private detective near you.
featured pi articles:

private investigator equipment for sale
lcl 902k mini camera
















 



 







©
							2025							alabama pi



								powered by wordpress							




							to the top ↑ 

							up ↑ 






