


real skate online skateboard magazine




































































subscribe 
        to the real skate e-newsletter; 
        (no spam here dear!)

















                                  
                                
















danny 
              (sose) larson memorial page
 



  








 






real skate is going 
              to be down for a while making a move out of state. our po box is 
              no longer accepting mail. feel free to continue to sign our petition 
              which is having a dramatic effect in keeping skateboarding out of 
              the olympics and enjoy our older articles.
see you soon!
petition




welcome to real skate!


 2010



[check out 
              "news 
              & whatnot" for 
              our blog]
real skate is in its 
              eleventh year of operation and has evolved to what it is today—a 
              supportive site for skateboarders, pros, ams, beginners, fans, and 
              supporters of skateboarding. i hope that through the experiences 
              of our contributors you will gather a positive insight into skateboarding 
              and its lifestyle. our focus is positivity and keepin it real! 
while we have slowed down on articles 
              and some of our features lately, i have started an almost-daily 
              blog with current things of interest and opinion commentary. click 
              on "news and whatnot" in the menu. doing it the way we've 
              been doing it was pretty labor intense and required a lot of travel. 
              but i have left everything up in the menu as they still attract 
              tons of hits. we are continuing advocacy work for skateparks, keeping 
              skateboarding out of the o-games and taking political action due 
              to the problems both skaters and cities have faced caused by the 
              crazy california helmet and pad laws. something's gotta be done 
              and i hope all california skaters will join us, be your own voice 
              and stick up for your rights, freedoms and respect.
skateboarding has gone berserk, no thanks 
              to some people inside the industry. real skate started out with 
              the goal of presenting skateboarding in a positive light in hopes 
              of educating, gaining public understanding and acceptance. maybe 
              we did too good a job, as the mainstreaming by corporations, television 
              infiltrated to capitalize and abused the wonderful inside nature 
              of what we hang onto dearly and call skate culture. but we feel 
              there is hope of maintaining that underground feel skateboarding 
              is so accustomed to if skaters demand it and start calling the shots. 
              real skate promises to continue to play an active role in advocating 
              for the right causes, and exposing the wrong. i truely believe things 
              are going to revert back.
thanks to all our readers and contributors for 
              your show of support since day one. i hope you continue to get something 
              from real skate and make good use of it. a 
              special thanks to all my young(ish) friends, pros, and skaters all 
              around the world for keeping a part of my life, my heart, and spirit 
              involved in the world of skateboarding. because of you, real skate 
              came about — it's about you.





 take good care and always 
              keep it real. 
clarkie

elected officials control most 
              issues skateboarders have. you are the boss. register, vote and 
              they will listen. it's their job.






 





 

real skate copyright © 1999–2009 by clarkie, 
      santa cruz, ca. all rights reserved. no part of this publication may be 
      reproduced by any means; electronic, mechanical, photocopy, or otherwise 
      without the prior written permission of the copyright owner, photographers, 
      writers, or artists named herein. trademarks mentioned herein are the property 
      of their respective owners.
      (what this means is, please don't steal!).





