


 expert dwi attorney in san antonio | expert dui defense lawyer





























 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			






























							home
						


							about
						





george a. scharmen

elsa torres




							dwi defense
						





alr license suspensions

breath test or blood test

dwi: a crash course

dwi deferred adjudication

dwi drug intoxication





prescription drug dwi



dwi penalties & fines

expunctions

federal dwi

felony dwi

first dwi offense in tx

intoxilyzer 9000

know your rights

underage dwi

multiple dwi offenses in tx

why should i hire a dwi lawyer

aggravated dwi 

dwi manslaughter 

field sobriety tests 

commercial dwi 

dwi court process 




							why should i hire a dwi lawyer?
						


							resources
						





faqs

pre trial conditions

boerne dwi lawyer

fredericksburg dwi lawyer

kerrville dwi lawyer

surrounding counties




							testimonials
						


							blog
						





2024





june

may

january



2023





july

june

may

february

january



2022





december

november

october



2021





april



2020





september



2019





december

november

october

may



2018





november

august

july



2016





june

may

march



2015





july



2014





november



2012





august






							contact
						




our office
(210) 405-9730





our office
(210) 405-9730




top















						expert san antonio dwi defense attorney george a. scharmen
					

						defending dwi & intoxication cases exclusively.
					





about us





free consultation









george a. scharmenrated by super lawyersloading ...







george a. scharmen: recognized for excellence in dwi defense and board certifications






george a. scharmenrated by super lawyersloading ...











































































































































































































					read more about our awards
				















about george scharmen












why hire a dwi lawyer












honors & awards



























					a dwi superlawyer since its inception
				

					over 40 years of excellence in law
				











						meet george a. scharmen
					

dwi attorney george a. scharmen has decades of experience defending clients in san antonio. nationally recognized for excellence and double-board certified with over 100 dwi appeals, george scharmen is the smart choice for dwi defense.




read more





why hire a dwi lawyer?














						what sets us apart?
					

george a. scharmen is a highly respected dwi expert throughout san antonio and the legal community








going the extra mile
while we try to avoid the courtroom for clients, i promise to be ready for anything - including a jury trial.






extensive dwi experience
for more than 40 years, i have exclusively practiced criminal law and dwi defense.






recognized in the community
highly respected among colleagues, i'm double-board certified and the recipient of many awards and accolades.



















expert san antonio dwi attorneyput my decades of  dwi & dui experience to work for you!

driving while intoxicated (dwi) has always been a serious charge in san antonio & the surrounding counties, and unfortunately it only gets more serious with each legislative session. dwi charges can  change your life, end a career, or even end a marriage. that is why if you have been arrested for dwi or any other intoxication related case in san antonio or south texas, i will help you the same way that i would help a family member or a close friend as an experienced dwi lawyer.after your arrest and release, i want to make sure that nothing else is happening that could threaten your liberty or your finances, and i will do what i can to stop that from happening. some people have employment contracts or texas state certifications impacted by a dwi arrest. there are some things that a dwi attorney like me can do to help you with that. oil field workers, truckers, teachers, nurses, and cpas have issues with their jobs. as a dwi lawyer in texas, i have helped them all.limiting your legal involvement includes helping you keep your driver’s license, and i will tell you immediately what you can do to keep it. in texas, a person arrested for dwi immediately has a driver’s license problem. police give the impression that your license is suspended because of the dwi arrest. however, that is not true. if your license was valid before the dwi arrest, it is valid after the dwi arrest. it can be suspended, but if you get to a dwi lawyer within 15 days of the arrest, they can stop the suspension by requesting an alr hearing.as you can see on this website, i am a dwi lawyer. i am one of the most, if not the most experienced dwi lawyer in san antonio and in the entire area. i have dedicated the last 30 years excusively to dwi defense and education. i educate other lawyers, judges and prosecutors on the intricacies of dwi blood and breath testing. in fact, just a few weeks ago i spoke to the public defender's office in south texas about how they can better defend their clients in dwi cases, and i do this regularly.  dwi defense is what i am known for as a lawyer around texas and it is my passion. that fact is documented on this website and in the cases i cited indicating my impact on the jurisprudence of this state.  i am a published dwi lawyer of over 100 appeals and i have many published dwi and dwi related cases that have changed the law on dwi cases in texas. these appellate cases of mine are argued in texas courts every day. do your research before hiring a lawyer. the punishment for a dwi conviction and the future repercussions of having a dwi arrest and/or conviction on your permanent record is severe and it really is in your best interest to hire a qualified, experienced dwi attorney. there may be others who are criminal defense lawyers, and they claim to be some kind of “expert.” they have a big law firm, perhaps the “largest” criminal defense law firm in texas.  none of that matters.  what matters is whether he or she will be your lawyer, the same lawyer you hired, who will handle your dwi case to conclusion. the size of the law firm you hire does not matter. what matters is that the person representing you is an experienced and proven dwi lawyer with demonstrated involvement in dwi cases.  if someone tells you they are an “expert” you need to see their certification from the texas board of legal specialization. it is unethical for a lawyer to call himself an expert or a specialist in the field of practice unless he is licensed to do that.  only seven percent of the lawyers in the state of texas are board certified.  starting with a lawyer who is giving you false references to their experience (which is all over the internet) is a bad start.while a dwi in texas has always been a serious charge, it’s not the end of your world.  there are a lot of things i can do to help you after your release on a dwi charge. i don’t want to minimize your problem you have after you are arrested for a dwi because for most it is a very serious problem.  i just want you to know that once you sit down and talk to me about your dwi case, and over the time you visit with me, you will become less stressed about your situation, and you will be more hopeful. there is no hopeless case. even difficult cases can and have been won. but do not wait around to get a lawyer, you really need to get a lawyer soon. you have a 15 day deadline to request an alr (administrative license revocation) or you lose your right to take the arresting officer's deposition, this is a very important step in the process of defending your dwi case. as the most experienced dwi lawyer in san antonio, i believe that in most misdemeanor dwi cases, the worst is already over in terms of your incarceration. however, if you have been arrested for a dwi-2nd or a felony dwi you especially need a dwi lawyer with extensive knowledge of the texas dwi laws and the case law in texas because now jail and prison is involved. especially places like new braunfels where they take a very hard line in almost every dwi case.  if your case is a repeat dwi offense, we need to take a closer review of prior cases.  i need to know the date and court.  in particular, i need to know about out-of-state convictions because some of them cannot be used legally in texas.  the out-of-state dwi or dui conviction may have an effect on plea bargaining more than on the actual charge.there may be other consequences after a dwi arrest, but if you reach out to an experienced dwi lawyer like myself, together we can do a lot to limit or eliminate them. 
how much time for resolutionthe time depends upon the facts of your case and your prior record. some cases may be resolved in under 4-5 months and others can take many more months and even years.  i know most people want their dwi case over as soon as possible. they are embarrassed, scared and regretful and just want their case to go away. that solution is easy, but it is not always the best. if your lawyer does not work on the case and take the time to reach the best resolution for you, the outcome may be more harsh than is necessary. therefore, your lawyer will need some time to review everything, especially the blood draw results.  you would want a full review, right? after time and after a few conversations with me about the future events in your case, you will begin to adjust to the situation. most people begin to feel more comfortable with the legal process and legal system. the most important thing is to trust that your lawyer knows what he is doing. the goal i have with every client arrested for dwi is a dismissal, a deferral, a rejection of the dwi altogether, or a “not guilty” verdict from a jury. the important thing to remember is it's not always easy to fight your dwi, but you can't win if you don't fight for it. san antonio and other counties around san antonio take a very hard line against dwi arrests, so be sure to pick the right dwi lawyer for the task. you need an experienced, knowledgeable, tough and competent lawyer to win your dwi case. i have been fighting dwi cases for over 40 years. who you hire to win your dwi matters- do your research! make sure your dwi lawyer of choice is and has been dedicated to the practice of dwi defense. look for publications that have been published by them- national, state and local recognition (super lawyers, best lawyers, defender of the year) look for dwi appeals they have done and have changed the law in texas. i have over 100 that you can see in google scholar in state and federal courts, and for a time i won a case that suppressed all the breath tests in the fourth court of appeals district of texas. look for organizations they are a part of (i've helped to create three lawyer organizations. i was a founding member of the national college for dui defense and i was the founding president of the san antonio criminal defense lawyers association, i am also the past president of texas dwi lawyers association.)  look for jury trial competence (a recent jury trial i conducted was an intoxication manslaughter, and the jury gave my client probation. additionally, i tried a case last week, a police officer with a .09 breath test and the jury came back with a not guilty verdict. these are both 2024 cases.). dwi and intoxication cases are difficult and involved because of the science behind blood testing and breath testing. hire the right dwi lawyer the first time. take a look around the site, i try to provide the most comprehensive up to date dwi information around.with these comments, i want to encourage you to call my office, we answer the phone after hours, make an appointment, read through this website, and educate yourself about this situation. it does matter that your lawyer has years of experience. it does matter if your lawyer is a specialist at criminal dwi cases. at the law offices of george scharmen you will get expert help from a double board certified criminal defense lawyer who only practices dwi law and is an expert in the dwi practice of law. we take only dwi cases and have decades of experience in courts around the state. you need that kind of expertise. this is that one big thing you should take care of in the best way.  let us help you get off to a good start toward your new future as you put this dwi arrest behind you.i don't accept any other kinds of cases. do not hesitate to get in touch with me today online or by calling (210) 405-9730. i proudly offer my legal services at a competitive price.

continue reading
read less












						get help from our double board-certified dwi attorney
					

						how we can help you
					




about george scharmen

why hire a dwi lawyer

honors & awards



view more











					rave reviews in our clients' own words
				

					five-star client testimonials
				






"he knows the law inside and out and uses that to your advantage."
allison m.



"he will shoot you straight and will handle the case better than anyone in texas."
laura j.



"i truly had someone on my side."
jonathan r.



"the dismissal saved my career and my professional license."
bob v.



"mr. scharmen is the most dedicated attorney for someone who finds themselves in the need of his services."
patricia













read more reviews 









					we're here to help
				

					you cannot afford simply to plead guilty to a dwi charge
				



if you or your loved one has been charged with dwi, it is imperative that you contact me as soon as possible to prevent loss of certain basic rights. you only have 15 days to request an alr hearing. this hearing is to protest the suspension of your driver’s license and to take the officer's deposition. this can be an invaluable resource in defending your dwi case because most of the time i can get the officer's deposition under oath before the district or county attorney has had the opportunity to even discuss the case with the officer yet. i promise immediate, supportive, and aggressive assistance so that your record may be cleared of any dwi charge. i am the only lawyer in the san antonio area who exclusively defends the rights of those facing dwi and intoxication charges. get started today by contacting us online or call (210) 405-9730.
put my extensive experience to work for you!for more than 40 years, i have exclusively practiced criminal law and dwi defense. i have had the opportunity to help many people clear dwi arrests from their records, and i have litigated dwi cases using up-to-date legal and scientific tools regarding dwi defense. my scientific training helps me to obtain rulings suppressing blood tests and exposing errors on the part of forensic analysts. today dwi cases involve scientific evidence in blood testing for alcohol and drugs. training on blood testing and drug testing is necessary! with the right information i have been able to demonstrate to the jury that the laboratory was wrong simply because it did not have the correct equipment to do the analysis, or that another laboratory could not connect the blood they tested to the defendant on trial. often, on the very first page of the analytical blood test report, the level of alcohol is reported as being higher than it was during the actual test. it is a simple error to find, but many lawyers, including prosecutors, miss it. 






























i go the extra mile to help you obtain a positive outcome

preparation for jury trials is the best means of obtaining the desired result for my clients. i know that people do not necessarily want a jury trial, but in some cases it is unavoidable. i promise to attempt to resolve the case outside of the courtroom, if possible, but i also promise to be ready for anything in the case including a jury trial.i have had at least 100 of my appeals published in state and federal courts, and some are before the appellate courts at this time. some of my successful appeals have helped other dwi lawyers in their trials. opinions from my appeals are recognized and used by defense lawyers and prosecutors as well. with my extensive experience and track record of success, you can be confident in my ability to successfully resolve your complex legal matter.schedule your initial consultation by calling my firm at (210) 405-9730 or complete the online contact form. 








					news, tips, & updates from george a. scharmen
				

					read our latest blogs
				







06/26/2024
dwi expunction in texas: clearing your record after a conviction


read more








06/26/2024
why is breathalyzer calibration important for dwi defense?


read more








05/23/2024
can i get a dui after just one drink?


read more
















01/19/2024
dwi defense strategies: challenging breathalyzer & field sobriety tests


read more
















01/19/2024
what happens during a dwi stop?


read more
















01/19/2024
dwi felony vs. misdemeanor in texas: what’s the difference?


read more








07/18/2023
impaired driving and prescription medications in texas: legalities and precautions


read more








07/18/2023
ignition interlock devices in texas: requirements, costs, and compliance


read more


















all blogs












								get a free consultation
							
contact us today



whether you have questions or you’re ready to get started, we're ready to help. complete
our form below or call us at 
(210) 405-9730.









first name


			            please enter your first name.
			        




last name


			            please enter your last name.
			        




phone


			            please enter your phone number.
			        

			            this isn't a valid phone number.
			        




email


						please enter your email address.
					

						this isn't a valid email address.
					




are you a new client?


yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.



						please make a selection.
					




message


						please enter a message.
					

 


by submitting, you agree to be contacted about your request & other information using automated technology. message frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. text stop to cancel. acceptable use policy






send message 
























						connect with us
					



















					214 dwyer avenue,
						ste. 304,
					
					 san antonio, tx 78204
				
(210) 405-9730
[map & directions]


helpful links



home

about

dwi defense

resources

testimonials

blog

contact

site search













						the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
					
© 2025 all rights reserved.



site map


privacy policy




















