


social studies lesson plans, world history lesson
plans, us history powerpoint presentations games: multimedia
learning
















home | 

products | 

free downloads | 

pricing/ordering | 

complete set specials | 

blog |

what's new | 

faqs | 

links | 

free image archive |

support/contact  |  

about us
 



us and world history powerpoint and keynote (for mac and ipad) presentations


us
        history powerpoint presentations
      complete us history course on 33 powerpoint presentations. common core versions are now available.
now available in keynote format for mac computers 
	  and ipads. (ipad users only: please read this before ordering.)
world
          history powerpoint presentations
complete world history course on 25 powerpoint presentations.
now available in keynote format for mac computers and ipads. (ipad users only: please read this before ordering.)
government
            powerpoint presentations
5 us government powerpoint presentations covering the origins
of government, major institutions. 
 us
          map set
part census maps, part historical maps, this 36 map internet delivery set enhances map reading skills.


new us history powerpoint presentations aligned to the common core 
we have added common core versions of all 33 us history presentations. each presentation features. two lesson plans fully aligned to national history and common core standards. dvds also include the standard version of the powerpoint presentatons. standard versions can also be purchased without the common core versions. 

frequently
          asked questions sign up for our newsletter and specials

classroom
          history games
        motivate students to learn
          about history by involving them in historical events
    and allowing them to make decisions.
 image
        libraries
over 3,500 images on each disc, including primary source
documents, charts, graphs, photographs, maps, political cartoons,
and art. 
historic
        film collection, pre-1910-2000s
each of the four parts contains hundreds of historic newsreels,
government, business and other films. for pc and mac computers.






follow
          us: 

  
what teachers say
        about us: 


"i teach in an
            alternative school in texas that specializes
            in credit recovery. multiple subjects are being
            taught in my room at all times and i am preparing
            kids for their exit level taks test simultaneously.
            we deal with many students who are often low
            performing or they have very limited background
            knowledge. regardless of their backgrounds or
            their futures, all of them learn in "alternative" ways.
            many of them need to see the same material in
            multiple formats in order to learn facts and
            apply them. esl (english as a second language)
            learners need visuals in conjunction with other
            lessons to aid their learning. these lessons
            have been a godsend! i have been able to assign
            students to their own computers and know that
            they are getting great information without my
            constant attention. the students will argue about
            who gets to use the programs next! they have
            all commented that the pictures, videos, and
            recordings help them connect to the historical
            data. the lessons attach people and relationships
            to facts and dates. the thought provoking nature
            of the presentations lead the students to higher
            order thinking and an understanding of the future
            consequences of our current national decisions.
            my favorites so far are great depression,
            world war ii, and civil rights movement." -
            marci chapman, high school social studies, the
            wilds of west texas
"i teach history
            at two local community colleges, and every semester
            my students comment how much they love the powerpoint
            presentations and games we play in class. i have
            used your product as the foundation (which is
            rock solid) and insert or expand a few ideas
            of my own. i tell my students who plan on becoming
            future teachers who you are and how they can
            obtain your products. using your work as a model,
            i just built an entire course on latin american
            history. i use your powerpoints mesoamerican
            and andean civilizations and the conquest
            of mexico as a starting point and continue
            with my original work up through the revolutions
            in the 19th century." - dean smith harvard,
            illinois
"i teach united
            states history:1877 to the present at south pike
            senior high school in magnolia, ms. this course
            is satp (subject area testing program) and it
            is essential for the students not only to pass
            but to excel in subject matter as reflect in
            their scores. the powerpoint presentations that
            i have used from multimedia learning have helped
            my students obtain a better understanding of
            the subject matter. the powerpoint's are full
            of graphs, maps, and political cartoons which
            are all essential in excelling on satp. as educators
            we know students learn in different ways and
            i believe that incorporating powerpoint presentation
            that are well organized and structured will promote
            learning. one thing that i enjoy as well as my
            students about the powerpoint presentation is
            using them in conjunction with the interactive
            board that give the student the opportunity to
            be more active in class."- kenneth evans,
            south pike senior high school, magnolia, ms



more
          teacher testimonials
 














home | 

products | 

free downloads | 

pricing/ordering | 

complete set specials | 

blog |

what's new | 

faqs | 

links | 

free image archive |

support/contact  |  

about us
 






          copyright © 2004-2015 herschel sarnoff. all rights reserved.        
social
        studies lesson plans, social
        studies games, us
        history lesson plans, world
        history lesson plans: 
        presentations including civil
        war, american
        revolution, revolutionary
        war, world
        war ii, cold
        war, westward
        expansion













