






paasche airbrush - high quality affordable airbrushes made in usa 




javascript is disabled on your browser.
		to view this site, you must enable javascript or upgrade to a javascript-capable browser.
	

    to provide a better shopping experience, our website uses cookies. continuing use of the site implies consent. learn more×     request a quote    quick order    login  register    0  your cart is empty     home  shop  custom airbrush custom airbrushescustom shellcustom handles airbrush airbrushesairbrush setsairbrush & compressor combossingle actiondouble actionsiphon feedgravity feedairbrush and sprayer accessoriesadaptersair hosecleaning and maintenancecoverscups and bottleshangersmanifoldsrespirators and filtersairbrush and sprayer partsaircapsneedlestipshead combospackingsother partsetching tools and abrasive compoundabrasive etching toolssprayers & flow pencilspaintstattoo paintpaintsairbrush makeupmakeup equipmentairbrush tattootattoo equipmenttattoo painttattoo stenciles compressors compressorspressure cansregulatorscompressor parts spray guns automatic spray gunsa-aua-jua-c2, a-c3 and a-c4a-us (extruding/striping)glue (spraying, extruding)a-au extension spray gunsliquid buffing compound sprayersmanual spray gunsextension spray gunshvlp spray gunssilvering & chroming (dual head)striping and extrudingaccessoriescup assemblies and bottlesmounting assembliesindustrial spray gun partspressure tankshumidifiers spray booths hobby boothsspray boothsbbf (bench booth)ebf (bench booth)fbsl (shelf booth)fabsf (shelf booth)fabf (walk in booth)filter chambersduct workduct flangesstraight duct90 degree elbowsgalvanized roof flangeweather canopy and dampershuttersfilter chambersfabfcspray booth fans12 inch fans18 inch fans24 inch fansbooth accessoriesfan bearings & shaftsfan bladesfilterslights clearance  manuals airbrush manualscompressor manualsindustrial spray gun manualssprayers, air eraser and flow pencil manualsother manuals order status  go   go       shop now shop now shop now shop now shop now making quality spray paint equipment since 1904the history of paasche airbrushjens andreas paasche started paasche airbrush company back in 1904. jens paasche was born on february 27, 1880, the youngest and a twin, of a wonderful family of six boys and four girls. after grammar school in trondheim, norway, he entered into a gunsmith apprenticeship with kalseth gunworks or trondheim at the age of 14 from 1894 to 1898. he left kalseth gunworks in 1898 to work at kongsberg gunworks assembling krag-jorgensen guns and other weaponry.at the age of 20 jens paasche left norway for america aboard the s.s. teutonic. he arrived in new york harbor on august 6, 1900. settling in chicago jens began the self-education of his inventive genius which would eventually establish him prominently in the air painting industry.in 1904 he acquired half interest in a partnership of wold air brush manufacturing co.being driven by his determination and desire to make a product that would surpass any other and be the pinnacle of craftsmanship and quality, he founded paasche brothers in 1904. jens sold his product by day and made them at night. always looking for a better way, a more efficient and less costly product, he acquired over 80 patents. in 1906 he bought his brothers’ interest and started paasche airbrush company. the final transition took place on may 20, 1916 when paasche airbrush company was incorporated.we should remember that the theory of the airbrush is akin to that of the automobile carburetor which atomizes gasoline. in fact, mr. paasche held a patent on a carburetor, but was more interested in the airbrush and never pursued the other as a money making proposition.paasche airbrushes such as the vl, h and vjr have been widely copied but not the ab. the latter for use by only the most accomplished airbrush artist.paasche airbrush company continues the legacy left by its founder jens a. paasche with the ultimate in quality control. continuing his insistence that every airbrush be inspected prior to shipment, they are manufactured and assembled at their factory to this day.the original factory was constructed in chicago in 1922. it was subsequently expanded three times. in 1984, needing more space for the ever-increasing demand for airbrushes and industrial spray equipment, the factory was relocated to harwood heights, illinois. harwood heights is a northern suburb of chicago. the company moved back to chicago in 2005 where we stayed until our most recent move to wisconsin in 2019. we are now located in kenosha, wisconsin where we are currently manufacturing and assembling our line of airbrushes and industrial spray paint equipment.paasche airbrush is currently operated by jens a. paasche’s grandson john paasche pettersen, his wife vallie pettersen and their twin sons brian and steven pettersen. paasche airbrush company is proud to be an american company, proud to be accepted nationally and internationally. we celebrated our 100th year in 2004 and hope to continue the legacy left by jens a. paasche far into the future.   back to top  follow us onhere to helpfaqsreturns & refundsinternational deliverycontact ussafety data sheetsretail price listspaasche airbrush company9511 58th placekenosha, wi 53144-7805ph # (800)621-1907   © 1904 – 2025 paasche airbrush company   















