

 



† jcrk- direction for our times




















































































										the apostolate of the returning king									








home
about
resources

newsletter subscription
current monthly message
monthly messages book


prayer groups

find a prayer group
contemplative prayer guide
register your prayer group


free library

the volumes
the heaven speaks booklets
languages

english
español (spanish)
chinese
hrvatski (croatian)
danish
dutch
français (french)
deutsch (german)
magyar (hungarian)
malayalam (indian)
italiano (italian)
indonesian
lietuviškai (lithuanian)
norsk (norwegian)
polski (polish)
rosyjski (russian)
yкраїнський (ukrainian)
português (portuguese)




bookstore
donate
enroll as ark

enroll


email sign up
contact
español

bienvenidos
locución reciente
acerca de
forma para inscribirse en el apostolado
la misión de rescate
el apostolado del regreso de jesucristo rey
postura actual de la iglesia
volúmenes y folletos
mensajes mensuales


prison ministry

adopt a prisoner program
2025 prison ministry calendar campaign


message a day email
ark testimonies














































the invitation project














live stream page

















 

						new writings					






 

						live stream page					






 

						donate					






 

						mass intention registration					






 

						prayer request					






 

						backpack productions					






 

						bookstore					






 

						upcoming events					






 

						free library					






 

						friends of the apostolate					






 

						an invitation					









search

search



sign up now for the monthly message and other news from direction for our times...


sign up now


latest news, events, and updates


you’re invited – speaking event in trim, ireland on march 23, 2024

february 15, 2024



we are delighted to announce an upcoming in-person event taking place in ireland this march! an ark prayer group near dublin will be hosting a speaking event with anne and margaret on march 23, 2024. this is a wonderful opportunity for us to assemble! there will be an opportunity afterwards to meet other ark, and anne will pray […]





you’re invited- an upcoming contemplative prayer weekend retreat

august 30, 2022



we are delighted to share that we have an upcoming weekend retreat. see flyer below for more information. an introduction to contemplative prayer weekend retreat where: malvern, pennsylvania when: september 16-18th, 2022. costs and registration: $325 (single) and $275 (double) through malvern retreat house please note- registration is completed through malvern retreat (not our dfot […]





you’re invited- an upcoming talk by anne

august 30, 2022



we are delighted to share an upcoming event. see flyer below for more information. the role of prayer in changing times, a talk by anne, ark where: oak lawn, illinois when: saturday, september 10th, 2022. costs and registration: this is a free event. no need to register.





register now – autumn formation courses!

august 17, 2020



dear friends,  we are feeling that autumn energy surge! is it time for you to take the plunge into happier and more thoughtful living?  twenty two people from five countries made the journey with father darragh connolly through 12 weeks (plus one for an unscheduled extra stop on contemplative prayer). they explored their relationship to […]





end of summer appeal

august 11, 2020



dear apostles of the returning king and friends, there have been many changes for us here at the apostolate, as indeed i’m sure there have been for you and your loved ones during these months of lockdown. like many other organisations, we have experienced a decline in income as our summer events and programs have been cancelled. we want to thank […]





do you have difficult days?

august 11, 2020



dear apostles of the returning king and friends, we have been sending out snippets of an upcoming course on contemplative prayer. many of you have been using the contemplative prayer structure as taught by anne for years. this new course is designed for those who have been practicing this prayer structure and want to go deeper into […]











questions?











 dfot- 9000 west 81st street, justice, illinois 60458
 1-708-496-9300 (usa)


















