     pre-owned dealership in burlington wa | serving burlington and sterling | rallye auto sales                                                     rallye auto sales        sales 360-757-7770            1010 old highway 99 north roadburlington, wa 98233                           service        map        contact                      rallye auto sales           call 360-757-7770   directions                       used   search inventory   commercial vehicles   recreational   classic   vehicles under 15k   shop by price   schedule test drive   find my car     used car specials   used car specials   payment calculator     contact us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   leave us a review   privacy policy   talk to the dealer                      home   used   search inventory   commercial vehicles   recreational   classic   vehicles under 15k   shop by price   schedule test drive   find my car     used car specials   used car specials   payment calculator     contact us   about us   our dealership   meet our staff   hours & directions   contact us   leave us a review   privacy policy   talk to the dealer            

 




































search inventory


    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         



scroll down


     search new inventory     search used inventory        browse through our wide range of vehicles




commercial vehicles






classic vehicles






recreational vehicles




     





finance

it's quick, easy, and convenient. apply for financing and get pre-approved today.
go 










specials

check out our latest special offers. these deals are available for a limited time.
go 










trade

what's your car worth? receive the best value for your trade-in vehicle.
go 




     
select a body style




sedan





coupe





suv





truck





hatchback





minivan




             

 welcome to
 rallye auto sales

your used vehicle source near bellingham & seattle
rallye auto and truck sales is a family owned and operated used car dealership in burlington, wa that has been serving surrounding communities since 1978 as a dedicated source for high-quality pre-owned cars, trucks and suvs. when you shop our inventory online and visit our dealership lot from nearby seattle or bellingham, you'll discover an extensive collection of late-model used pickups and suvs at competitive, no-haggle prices. we're here for every local used car shoppers with convenient online search tools and friendly, no-pressure sales associates, so don't hesitate to reach out to our team today or stop by for a test drive or two!
more about us 
 



     



follow us on social media


                  


     
     rallye auto sales inc is not affiliated with buynpayhere.com or any other web sites offering online credit. a negotiable documentary service fee of up to $200 may be added to the sale price or capitalized cost. all financing is subject to credit approval. prices exclude tax, title, and license. please consider verifying any information in question with a dealership sales representative.the offering price of this vehicle is conditioned on a negotiated waiver of implied warranties if the buyers guide on the vehicle is as is-no dealer warranty. if the buyers guide on the vehicle is implied warranties only, the offer includes implied warranties of merchantability. call dealer to determine form of buyers guide on the vehicle. washington residents only.mpg is based on epa estimates for newly manufactured vehicles only. actual rating will vary with driving conditions, habits, and vehicle condition.

there's no dealership that will treat you better than rallye auto sales! putting our customers first has made us the dealership that drivers in burlington, sedro-woolley, mount vernon, bellingham, seattle, and throughout the mount vernon, wa area trust for all their automotive needs.
rallye auto sales: family owned and operated since 1978
tired of big, corporate dealerships that treat you like just another number on a page? then come to our dealership to get friendly service with a personal touch. the values that guide our family-owned dealership show through in the exceptional experience we give every customer.
great causes we support
our success as a business puts us in a position to help give organizations that do important work in our community and beyond the resources they need to accomplish their goals. supporting causes like the friendship house and skagit valley hospital foundation is something we're proud to do.
vehicles our customers love


ford super duty
if you need a heavy-duty truck that provides more than enough power to get you through your day, the ford super duty is what you're looking for. boasting up to 40,000 pounds of available towing capacity, these vehicles were built to handle the toughest tasks.


chevrolet silverado
there's a truck for everybody in the chevrolet silverado family. the silverado 1500 exemplifies everything a light-duty truck should be, coming packed with helpful features such as the trailer side blind zone alert system to keep anything you're hauling safe and secure.


dodge ram
another excellent lineup of trucks, the dodge ram name is one truck drivers immediately associate with rugged strength and versatile utility features. you'll have the tools you need to get the job done with the class-exclusive rambox cargo management system on your side.




toyota rav4
tired of the same-old routine average suvs offer? then check out the toyota rav4 and upgrade to something better. with up to 8.6 inches of ground clearance and available torque-vectoring all-wheel drive capability, rugged terrain won't be enough to keep you from reaching your destination.


honda cr-v
a confident suv with engaging performance and all the latest driver assistance features, the honda cr-v excels in every area. every aspect of your safety was taken into account with this vehicle, as shown by the cross traffic alert system that watches your back to make sure the coast is clear before you back out from a parking space or driveway.


service and financing


trained and certified service techs
the professionals in our service department know what it takes to keep your vehicle in optimal condition. by taking care of routine service like oil changes and brake service as well as any repairs you might need, we'll make sure you get the most out of your vehicle ownership experience.


finding you the best rates around
once you've found the perfect vehicle from the selection we offer, our financing experts will work with you to find a way to make paying for that vehicle as easy as possible. we work with a wide array of lending institutions, letting them compete to offer you the most favorable rates possible.


                copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | rallye auto sales | 1010 old highway 99 north road, burlington, wa 98233 | sales: 360-757-7770             



















       