





home - walnut valley water district
































































walnut valley  water district














start/stop water
careers
contact
pay my bill / my account










 



customer service

rates

water bill assistance programs
rate schedules and classes


rebates

residential rebates
commercial rebates


billing & payment information
meter and leak information
developer resources


about us

district overview

history of the district
department information
transparency and accountability


meetings, minutes, and agendas
board of directors
water professionals spotlight


community

events calendar
district news
how to guides and webinars
school programs

“being water wise is…”art contest
high school media contest
internship programs


projects


sustainability

drought resources
report water waste
landscape design center


your water

your drinking water
water supply
water quality
recycled water
backflow information





 search 







 your water is safe. wvwd is not impacted by the current wildfires. click here for more information. 

 x 









































start/stop water









pay my bill









my account









work with us 









agendas & minutes







news









                                   wvwd news 
                                




january 16, 2025
walnut valley water district provides critical mutual aid to water agencies impacted by eaton fire

                                 in the aftermath of the eaton fire, which disrupted vital water services across the region, walnut valley water district (wvwd) […]                                
read more










                                   water quality 
                                




january 9, 2025
your water is safe

                                 update regarding the current california wildfires.                                
read more










                                   rates & billing 
                                




november 15, 2024
wvwd board approves new rate structure to ensure water supply reliability and long-term financial sustainability

                                 walnut, ca — on november 14, 2024, following a public hearing, walnut valley water district (wvwd) board of directors approved […]                                
read more










                                   wvwd news 
                                




february 4, 2025
transparency certificate of excellence awarded to walnut valley water district

                                 walnut valley water district (wvwd) has been awarded the district transparency certificate of excellence by the special district leadership foundation […]                                
read more










                                   education & outreach 
                                




february 3, 2025
text alerts that work: wvwd enhances communication with leak and payment notifications

                                 walnut valley water district (wvwd) continues to enhance customer communication through automated text message alerts for water leaks and water […]                                
read more










                                   education & outreach 
                                




january 21, 2025
protect & prepare your home from wildfires with free firescaping workshops 

                                 walnut valley water district (wvwd) is offering free firescaping workshops to help community members create fire-resistant landscapes and protect their […]                                
read more










                                   education & outreach 
                                




january 14, 2025
money for high school seniors!

                                 the 2024-2025 scholar dollar program is now accepting applications. the deadline to apply is thursday, february 13th at 4:30 p.m. […]                                
read more










                                   education & outreach 
                                




january 8, 2025
partnership with students and parents expands wvwd outreach

                                 walnut valley water district (wvwd) is excited to continue its partnership with the suzanne middle school chinese american parent association […]                                
read more










                                   transparency 
                                




december 4, 2024
transparency

                                 walnut valley water district is dedicated to operating transparently and posts relevant financial and operational documents to our site as […]                                
read more












see all news













                                upcoming events
                            





 water use surveys (free)
this free indoor/outdoor water survey may be conducted in-person or virtually.  registration is required, click here. in-person survey: requires the…
your home or business
read more






saturday, march 15, 2025 8:00 am mulch madness giveaway
join us for this free mulch giveaway!
diamond bar high school, 21400 pathfinder rd., diamond bar
read more






saturday, march 15, 2025 10:00 am fire-resistant landscaping workshop
register here learn how to protect your home with a fire-resistant landscape. douglas kent, author of firescaping highlights what you…
walnut senior center - 21215 la puente rd
read more






wednesday, march 19, 2025 6:00 pm leak detection workshop (online)
join us for a zoom webinar (60 minutes) on wednesday, march 19, 2025, for a free leak detection webinar hosted by…
zoom meeting
read more





see all events







                                upcoming meetings
                            






                                        feb  18



wvwd board meeting
5:00 pm
board room

wvwd board meetings are typically held on the third monday of the month at 5:00 p.m. if the third monday is a holiday, the meeting will be held the following day, on tuesday. meetings are held in the district board room.
 .
                                                








                                        mar  10



public information committee
4:00 pm
conference room

public information committee meetings are held on the second monday of the month at 4:00 p.m. meetings are held in the district conference room.
 .
                                                








                                        mar  10



finance committee
4:30 pm
conference room

finance committee meetings are held on the second monday of the month at 4:30 p.m. meetings are held in the district conference room.
 .
                                                








                                        mar  17



wvwd board meeting
5:00 pm
board room

wvwd board meetings are typically held on the third monday of the month at 5:00 p.m. meetings are held in the district board room.
 .
                                                







see all meetings
















walnut valley  water district


271 s. brea canyon road
walnut, ca 91789 
(909) 595-7554 
cservice@walnutvalleywater.gov
















  ©2023 walnut valley water district                


























































 


