


future internet services - uk web hosting - cheap hosting - domain names - domain registration - 0845 dialup - web design






































future internet services are consistently chosen above our competition by people who need that level of personal contact that is not often found at other isp's. no premium rate helplines, call queueing or lame excuses - we just get the job done.

























future internet services was one of the uk's first providers of internet services to home users and businesses.
we were formed back in 1996 at the outset of the internet revolution in the uk. the company was one of the first to offer free-to-subscribe internet access on an 0845 number, and since then future has expanded to include web hosting for private and business customers.  we are proud to offer high-availability web hosting and server hosting products to businesses and organisations, large and small. we have many options to suit every pocket and can offer custom packages to suit 





our promise to our customers
future internet services assures you that all domain names are registered in your company name. we also guarantee that, providing no amounts are outstanding, we will always transfer your domain in or out of our network free of charge.







value for moneywe will always display our charges clearly. you will not find any hidden charges in the range of services that we offer.  we recognise that our world is fast paced and would like to take a little of that strain from you.  we are able to offer a range of plans to suit your website and email hosting needs. whether it is a small personal site with a few pages or a large corporate business, we can adjust something that is just right for your needs. 

we always strive for 100% server uptime and run our own networks with this as a paramount goal 







privacy policy

we are committed to protecting your privacy. we will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the data protection act 1998). we will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.  




















may 2015:: 
future update - we have recently upgraded some of our services to offer more than before, go to our services section to see what we are now offering. 









may 2015 :: 
new customer offer - bring your hosting to us and we will give you 18 months hosting services for the price of 12.  limited offer












 






copyright © 2015 future internet services. all rights reserved.






