




 


arkansas occupational therapy association - home











 

















log in





cart
()

 




home




membership benefits




events



motivate 2025: information & registration







practice



resources



important updates




arkansas schools & scholarships







geriatrics and productive aging




pediatrics




rehabilitation and disability




mental health




work and industry







about us



board members




district chairs




staff




contact




bylaws




faq




advertising with the arota




ra reporting







join us




shop arota












register for our annual conference: https://www.arota.org/event-6058176








need to contact arota? send an email to secretary.arota@gmail.com 










mission statementthe mission of the arkansas occupational therapy association is to achieve excellence in healthcare by promoting quality occupational therapy services, enhancing professional identity, and providing membership services. the goal of the executive board is to serve its membership by putting into practice new ways to improve communication among members on all occupational therapy issues and increasing the stability of the organization in order to support the mission of the association.
 









motivate 2025conference date: june 20-21, 2025location: arkansas colleges of health educationclick here to learn more!


 
quick
links

motivate conference

afirm modules

important updates

join arota today!

arkansas hand therapy society 

upcomingevents
 


autism focused intervention resources & modules (afirm)
afirm modules are designed to help you learn the step-by-step process of planning for, using, and monitoring an ebp with learners with autism from birth to 22 years of age. supplemental materials and handouts are available for download. afirm is an extension of the national professional development center (npdc) on asd. access to the learning modules and supplemental materials are available to practitioners free of charge. in the spring of 2022, 5 additional modules were added (aac, ayres sensory integration ®, behavior momentum intervention, direct instruction, music-mediated intervention). the modules were developed in partnership with the california autism professional training and information network (captain) and include a cutting edge, interactive format, as well as opportunities to earn ceus and ces. 

 
important updates
medicare info for 2023
ot threshold: $2,230targeted medical review threshold: $3,000part b deductible: $226part a deductible: $1600
ota supervision continues to be allowed via virtual means through the end of 2023 due to the public health emergency.
while we are unaware of any bill to deflect the coming medicare reductions, we encourage you to contact your legislators to ask for their help.  even if you are not a clinic owner, these decreases can effect your income as well. we estimate this will impact reimbursement by negative 4%. this on top of the 15% ota differential that was enacted in 2021 occupational therapy reimbursement has been impacted significantly. the ota differential also reduced tricare, humana, and united healthcare reimbursement.  for every $100 received from medicare in 2020, you are now receiving about $81.60 for any care provided by an ota.  the cost of practicing, just like the cost of living, goes up each year yet reimbursement seems to continually fall.
 

 









not a member yet? 

join us now



arota pac donation goal



collected:
$0.00


goal:
$5,000.00




            0%
        











we are working on getting this going but it will be active in the future.  for now you can make donations to the pac through cash app $arotapac or via venmo #arotapac.
 






 







© 2023 arkansas occupational therapy association, inc. all rights reserved













