


productive environment institute - home page


















































































































join this free webinarwatch now!less clutter more life      january 23  3:15 pm est next session in:   0 days  0 hours  0 minutes  0 seconds       i consent to receive email reminders and other information from productive environment institute that could help me achieve my goals. by including my phone number, i agree to receive text reminders for the event. i have read and agree to pei's terms of use, earnings disclaimer, and privacy policy.  register now  
homeaboutabout uspresslink treesolutionsscorecard for individualsproductive environment dayoffice transformation™bootcampdigital transformationbootcampswiftfile solution™bookstestimonialsspecialistsfind a specialistbecome a specialistblogmediapeptalk! podcastwalking with barbararadioblogtalk: barbarahemphilleventsfree webinar | business ownersupcoming | registerpast | replaymember's areaproductive environment networkofficetransformation bootcamp™soar™ to success programsoar™ | planning checklistcpes™ trainingcpes™ program resourcespeconnect™ logindiscover the professional's path from overwhelmed to optimized.increase productivity in 90 days or less so you can accomplish your work & enjoy your life without disorganization & overwhelm.learn morelearn how to be more productive in 90 daysdiscover theprofessional's pathfrom overwhelmedto optimized.increase productivity in 90 days or lessso you can accomplish your work &enjoy your life without disorganization& overwhelm.learn how to be more productive in 90 daysstop feeling overwhelmed.start taking action.a lot has changed over the years in how we manage our time, store our files, communicate with others, and run our businesses. however, as productivity experts, our passion for helping you grow and operate your business without disorganization and overwhelm remains just as strong today. at productive environment institute, we give you the organizational tools and show you the path to be consistent, confident, and in control of your business so you can accomplish your work and enjoy your life.learn morebecome a productivity expertdo you have great organizational and time management skills? have you considered becoming a productivity expert? come learn with us! we train and certify productivity consultants to deliver barbara hemphill’s productive environment solution™ to individuals, small business owners, and corporate clients around the world.learn moreoffice transformation bootcamp™create a home office for business & life™ in 5 weeksso you can stay on top of important tasks & find anything you file in secondsyour ability to accomplish any task or goal is directly related to your ability to find what you need, when you need it. the purpose of the home office for business & life™ 4 week bootcamp is to get you started in creating your command center –a productive environment™ in your home that enables you to accomplish your work & enjoy your life.enroll now!declutter your existing space and establish a system that saves you space, time, energy & money!are you ready to eliminate disorganization& overwhelm?our premier 9-step system was created to help you increase productivity and go from overwhelmed to optimized in 90 days or less.get organized now!get your productive environment score™ in less than 5 minutesdesigncreate a workspace that helps you and your business thrive! we empower you to design a productive environment where you can accomplish your work and enjoy your life.read moredecidewe believe clutter is postponed decisions®. let us show you the difference between a finding system vs. a filing system. from paper to digital, organize what you need and let go of what you don't.read moredevelopfrom time management to customer management, creating routines is essential. we show you how to implement, execute and stay consistent with your new practices within your business and your life.read moreno matter how busy or chaotic your days are,getting organized will change your lifeand your business.get organized now!get your productive environment score™ in less than 5 minutesexplorehomeaboutblogget organizedfind a specialistbecome a specialistoffice transformation™ bootcampdigital transformation bootcampcontact ususe the contact button on this page orleave a voicemail @(910) 707-4609legalterms of useprivacy policyearnings disclaimerdmcavisit our social media link treevisit our social media link treebecome a certified productive environment specialists™ (cpes)join nowproductive environment institute © 2025 all rights reserved.

