    home | asac       























         

















    get help now
newsletter homepreventionwhat is prevention?workplace services individuals and familiesschool servicesyouth servicescommunitiesprevention resourcesprepare to save a lifetreatmentgetting startedassessmentsresidential servicesheart of iowaking houserecovery centerhightower placeoutpatient servicesseth programowi classesmedication assisted treatmentproblem gamblingpatient formsprovidersrecoverycontinuing carehalfway housetransitional housingfaqsabout asacabout asaclocationsasac's teamdonatevolunteerblogspring fundraiser luncheoncareer opportunitiescontact   


  







         area substance abuse council       asac can help! asac provides treatment using a whole-person, trauma-informed approach including specialized services for adults, youth, pregnant women, mothers with children, men and lgbtq+ individuals. at asac, it’s all about us working together to provide the best care for you!
there is no charge to get in touch and any information shared with asac is strictly confidential. the first step toward treatment and recovery is a conversation. reach out today to speak with a counselor.
call now
asac can help! asac provides treatment using a whole-person, trauma-informed approach including specialized services for adults, youth, pregnant women, mothers with children, men and lgbtq+ individuals. at asac, it’s all about us working together to provide the best care for you!
there is no charge to get in touch and any information shared with asac is strictly confidential. the first step toward treatment and recovery is a conversation. reach out today to speak with a counselor.
call now

what is asac?
the area substance abuse council (asac) is a leader in providing substance use and problem gambling prevention, treatment and recovery services across eastern iowa including linn, jackson, jones, clinton, benton, delaware and dubuque counties.
asac is licensed by the iowa department of health and human services, to address substance use and gambling disorders. our services follow the continuum of care beginning with prevention and intervention moving through the various levels of treatment to recovery and continuing care.
achieving the highest level of accreditation, asac has been independently reviewed by carf international and found to provide exceptional patient care. 

asac provides a continuum of services from prevention to residential treatment to ensure that the services meet the patients' needs wherever they are in their individual recovery process. staff members have a strong commitment to improving the lives of the persons served. the patients express feeling heard, understood, and respected and, above all, that the healing and healthy environment created by the staff members allows them to feel hope that they will be able to achieve their therapeutic goals in the future.

asac is part of the idph integrated provider network, with services funded by the iowa department of health and human services and the us department of health and human services substance abuse and mental health services administration.





prevention




treatment




recovery



 
help asac continue serving
asac is able to bring recovery and hope to those struggling with substance abuse through the generosity of individuals and organizations throughout the community. thank you for helping the individuals asac serves!
donate


 
celebrating recovery, resilience & renewal
join us for our luncheon in dubuque! honor and discover how our approach to recovery sets us apart and helps our patients succeed. from post-treatment housing, transportation to work, and even clothing, we’re here to give people the best chance at a great life beyond treatment.
learn more
 

asac can help!
to get help for yourself or a loved one, call asac at (319) 390-4611 and speak to one of our counselors.

 
get help now
please complete the information below and we will contact you as soon as possible.name*email address*phone (optional)preferred contact method* email  phone message*1250 characters left (*) mandatory field                                
 
 


© 2022 area substance abuse council, all rights reserved
     
319-390-4611
get help now | donate | privacy policy
                  designed and hosted by iowa solutions     