





















home | holy epiphany russian orthodox church






 










 
 


 





 











 
 







































holy epiphany russian orthodox church
boston, massachusetts, usa












menu
home
our parish


contacts
parish school


news & information


service schedule
parish news
expansion project
directions
questions answered

baptism
contact info

resources


multimedia


video
photo albums


contact us













russian orthodox church outside of russia

русский 
































schedule

friday, 8 / 21 february 6:00pm vespers & matins for the departedsaturday, 9 / 22 february meatfare saturday, soul saturday9:10am hours & divine liturgy for the departed6:00pm all-night vigilsunday, 10 / 23 february sunday of the last judgment, meatfare9:10am hours & divine liturgymonthly calendar >

















on the service schedule page, (news & information\service schedule) one will find the schedule in a pdf format, a printable monthly calendar and the option to synchronize the schedule to your smartphone's calendar: bostonrussianchurch.org/calendar/sync.ics







































the official parish facebook page,  holy epiphany russian orthodox church will have announcements, schedules, news, pictures and videos, which will be posted regularly.
parishioners and friends can join the "parishioners of holy epiphany church (boston)" to share personal photos, relevant articles, and other informative posts that would be of interest to fellow parishioners.
 




 














welcome!







welcome to the web site of holy epiphany russian orthodox church in boston, massachusetts!  we are a parish of the diocese of eastern america and new york of the russian orthodox church outside of russia.  we invite you to explore our web site to learn more about us and about orthodox christianity.
the parish online store: https://holyepiphanychurch.myshopify.com




































 



   


   







 














announcements and events


 

































accessibility & expansion project fundraising








we need your help! thanks to your generous contributions, we were able to renovate and expand our beautiful church! please, continue to help us pay down our church expansion debt.
to make your tax-exempt donation, you can:

visit our online paypal page by clicking on the paypal button below


make checks payable to holy epiphany russian orthodox church and mail to the following address: holy epiphany russian orthodox church  963 south street  boston, ma 02131-2309

thank you for your continuous support! any help is much appreciated!






















holy epiphany russian orthodox church  --  963 south street  --  boston, ma 02131-2309
 
contact the webmaster at webmaster@bostonrussianchurch.org
 
all rights reserved.
© copyright 2009-2024 holy epiphany russian orthodox church



powered by orthodox web solutions
home | back | print | top
























