




transformers toys - transformers at the moon - www.transformertoys.co.uk


































































username:password: 














 



transformers toys




news

submit a news story
rss news feeds
other sites news

tf animated news
powercore combiners
transformers: prime
cartoons news
comic news
convention news
interviews & articles
tf merchandise
tf movie news
product listings
rumours
toy news
toy sightings
toy industry
lucky draw tf
trademark news

competitions
site sponsors
old news
bug fixes
site updates

afa graded
t.e express group
the visionaries.net
g.i-joe





resource

transformers toy galleries & reviews
uspto trademarks
hasbro instructions

artworkcartoonscomics and bookscomputer gamesconventionsinstruction scansinterviewslive action moviesmagazine scansmerchandiseprofile cardsprototypes and conceptstoy collectionstoysheet scanswebsite mirrors

uk store locator





videos

auto assembly 2008beast warsgeneraltransformers 2transformers animated





events

convention information
interviews





community

fan community
members area

transformers-prime.com
transformers animated.com
lucky draw transformers
afa graded transformers
the visionaries .net
plastic.co.ke
ilove.co.ke
steven mapes.com
london 2012 games












transformers at the moon - transformers toys: website announcements


welcome to transformers at the moon
	welcome to transformers at the moon a european based transformers resource website.
	transformers at the moon was created back in mid october 1999 and is run by two twin brothers.
	the site started of purely as a website where they could showcase their large collection of
	transformers figures but
	quickly evolved into a news and general resource website.  over the years, the site has built
	one of, if not the, most extensive transformers toy gallery section ever housed on the internet.
	with figures spanning every generation of the series from its routes in 1984 to the present day, you can even
	find images and information on the various pre-transformer lines that would go on to lend their figures
	to the franchise along with prototypes, resins, engineering samples and contest figures that are
	more commonly referred to as lucky draw transformers.  the website also boasts a large
	uspto-powered hasbro transformers trademark section.  this area allows you to browse through the various
	trademark applications that hasbro have made since 1983 that are connected to the transformers line.
	you can become a part of the site by joining our forum, following us on twitter at
	twitter.com/transformertoys
	or by liking our facebook page at facebook.com/transformertoys.
	you can also subscribe to our rss feeds by visiting the rss feed section of the site.
	you can use the navigation menu above to browse through the various sections of the website.  many of those areas have sub-sections s please follow
	the guides on those page.  the image galleries on the site use an javascript image viewer that allows
	you to quickly flick through the images contained within the galleries at your leisure.  the images
	are often scaled down to fit on the screen.  you can view the full-sized images by using the up and down
	cursor keys on your keyboard.
	you will also find handy jump boxes on the left and right hand-side of many of the pages as well as tabbed navigation on several pages.  for example,
	if you look below this introduction you will see a series of tabs.  click on that tab to load it.  on the various
	article, gallery and video pages you will find many of these tabs contain various ways that you can navigate or
    drill into the contents.  this may include a category tree, a tag index and tag cloud.
	

latest auto assembly 2012 news
if you haven't already taken advantage of our 2011 christmas sale to get your tickets
		for auto assembly 2012 saving 20% on the adult weekend ticket prices then you'd better hurry!
		this fantastic offer runs out at midnight on new years eve so you've got just over 24 hours left!
auto assembly 2012 is shaping up to be our biggest and best convention ever. with a stunning guest
		line-up including our three confirmed voice actors - michael bell, townsend coleman and paul eiding,
		a great selection of comic guests including the entire creative team from transformers regeneration one
		together for the first time ever at a transformers convention and all the usual activities you'd come
		to expect from auto assembly - dealers, toy and art displays, our script reading, cosplay competition,
		saturday night party with our karaoke, video games area, free workshops, competitions, charity auctions
		and much more, this is a convention you won't want to miss!
you can book your tickets here.
the convention is running on 3rd - 5th august 2012 at the hilton birmingham metropole hotel, birmingham, england.


roll out / roll call 2012
roll out roll call, the uk convention show for transformers, gi-joe &
        action force is back, announcing their main guest line up for the 10th
        and 11th of march 2012 at the jury's inn in southampton, united kingdom.
the main guest line up has now been confirmed and announced:
meet transformers regeneration one team:
simon furman - transformers regeneration one writer
andrew wildman - transformers regeneration one artist
john-paul bove - transformers regeneration one colourist
		
meet the legendary gi-joe writer at his first ever uk show:
larry hama - gi-joe writer - 1st ever uk show
meet the idw team that helped create the new look cobra commander:
robert atkins - idw gi-joe artist - 1st ever uk show
simon gough - idw gi-joe colourist - 1st ever uk show
bill forster - transformers ark & the allspark almanac author & artist
jim sorenson - transformers ark & the allspark almanac author
james eatock - cereal:geek animation of the 80's magazine editor

		there may be more guests to come and additional features for the show, including traders, presentations and panels will announced soon.
		
		roll out roll call 2 featured several exclusives for the show and roll out roll call 3 is no different.
		
find out the latest rollout / roll call news on twitter @rolloutrollcall



welcome
	auto assembly announcement
	roll out / roll call 2012
	

update: the latest 10 transformers toy galleries
 


								    silver megatron
								    (transformers the last knight)
								
 


								    gari robo cola edition
								    (transformers works)
								
 


								    lambor g-2 version
								    (master piece)
								
 


								    optimus exprime
								    (transformers go)
								
 


								    lazerback
								    (transformers prime)
								
 


								    gold megatron
								    (darkside moon)
								
 


								    soundwave
								    (transformers prime)
								
 


								    kero kero starscream
								    (darkside moon)
								
 


								    sky shadow
								    (generations)
								
 


								    gold mechtech bumblebee
								    (dark of the moon)
								

stats: 4,032 transformers toys entered - 2,466 transformers toy galleries - 49,147 photographs of transformers


official transformers store coming to the uk in november

event merchandising have partnered up with hasbro inc to open the "world's first standalone transformers store" at the old battersea power station in london united kingdom. according to the press release the store will open on in november 2024 at the boiler house north. a full copy of the press release is below:
"event merchandising, in partnership with hasbro, is bringing the world’s first standalone transformers store to battersea power station this november 2024.
opening in time for the transformers 40th anniversary, the store is a must-visit for fans, offering hands-on experiences with the iconic characters loved by millions. you’ll also find a wide range of the hottest transformers products—films, comics, toys, and more, all in one place.
with designated areas showcasing the vast transformers universe, this store is set to become a top destination for fans in the uk. a striking graffiti mural by murwalls, featuring transformers alongside battersea power station, will greet visitors, and there will be an exclusive, limited-edition cover of skybound entertainment’s award-winning transformers comics available.
this immersive experience dives into 40 years of transformers history, with nostalgia and unique features for fans of all ages"


category: transformers merchandise
      | submitted by: quartz -
         on: wednesday, 25th september 2024 at 09:54:35 bst
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on





bbc news cover toy-fu's charity work at auto assembly and tfnation

the bbc have an article with gav from toy-fu discussing the money they have raised at tfnation and, before it, auto assembly within the uk.  gav was also interviewed by bbc radio scotland this morning on the subject. you can read the article at https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/articles/cnl044z0qkro. you can support toy-fu this coming week end at tfnation,  tickets are availble now at tfnation.com


category: transformers convention news
      | submitted by: quartz -
         on: wednesday, 7th august 2024 at 10:01:19 bst
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on





cereal:geek team-up - transport to oblivion full studio recording session audio

james over at cereal:geek has started his 3-part series covering the recording sessions for thw generation one cartoon episode transport to oblivion. the audio includes outtakes, bloopers, deleted scenes and helps to highlight what when into recording the dialgoue for one episode of the original cartoon series.  it helps to highlight the part that wally burr played in shaping the series as he had a clear vision in his head for how the dialogue should be read.
the first two parts are availalbe now on youtube.  the original audio is on reels that we own which is how we now know when the recordings were made and that it took two session.
part 1

part 2



category: transformers cartoons
      | submitted by: quartz -
         on: monday, 8th january 2024 at 12:10:08 gmt
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on





4 new trademark applications found

we have found some new trademarks filed with the uspto.  the trademarks are:transformers onemark onlymark onlymark onlyyou can view all of the details of these and other trademarks within our exclusive trademark application area of the website which features trademark applications from 1984 through until the present day.


category: transformers trademark news
      | submitted by: tfatm -
         on: saturday, 30th september 2023 at 12:00:29 bst
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on





transformers earthspark to start airing on cbbc and iplayer within the uk

transformers earthspark is coming to larger audiences within the uk as it's been announced that the show will start next week on cbbc and iplayer. cbbc has an average monthly viewership of 2.8 million within the uk with iplayer increasing this number significantly. that's double it's closest rival citv, four time the reason of cartoon network (including +1) and five times that of nickelodeon (inc +1) within the uk. read on for the press release.
hasbro’s global entertainment studio, entertainment one (eone), has signed a deal with bbc to broadcast season one of the animated series transformers: earthspark for audiences in the uk. the first ten episodes will launch on july 25th on cbbc, from monday to thursday, and also be available to stream on bbc iplayer.
following the release of the first batch of episodes, additional new transformers: earthspark content will continue to roll out on the bbc platforms.
transformers: earthspark, co-produced by paramount, introduces a new generation of transformers robots – the first to be born on earth. together with the human malto family who welcomes them in and cares for them, they’ll redefine what it means to be a family. set on present-day earth, transformers: earthspark centres on two human kids as they forge a connection with transformers bots like never before and work alongside fan favourites like optimus prime and bumblebee.
“we’re delighted to work with our friends at bbc to have kids and families enjoy the captivating transformers: earthspark series,” said monica candiani, evp content sales at eone. “more and more, we’re seeing the heartfelt excitement kids get when they see characters and storylines onscreen that reflect their own lives and experiences. this is the kind of joy we’ve been seeing with transformers: earthspark, and we hope to bring these important feelings of inclusivity to families in the uk, while of course delivering on the action and fun that transformers has brought to multi-generational audiences for nearly 40 years.”
transformers: earthspark has been greenlit for a second season.
earlier this year, eone announced broadcast deals with global broadcast partners to air transformers: earthspark, including gulli in france, clan in spain, super! in italy, nrk in norway, dr in denmark, tv3 and tv8 in the baltics, tv azteca in mexico, tv cultura in brazil, viu tv in hong kong, channel 5 in singapore, rtv in indonesia and tv9 in malaysia. episodes will launch throughout 2023 in all of these markets.


category: transformers cartoons
      | submitted by: quartz -
         on: friday, 21st july 2023 at 09:00:18 bst
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on





10 new trademark applications found

we have found some new trademarks filed with the uspto.  the trademarks are:transformers earthsparktransformers earthsparkmark onlymark onlymark onlymark onlymark onlymy little ponymark onlymark onlyyou can view all of the details of these and other trademarks within our exclusive trademark application area of the website which features trademark applications from 1984 through until the present day.


category: transformers trademark news
      | submitted by: tfatm -
         on: saturday, 15th april 2023 at 00:00:56 bst
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on





1989 european lineplan development document recreated

here at transformers at the moon we are currently working on various projects including rebuilding this website, the visisionaries.net, luckydrawtransformers.com, an archival project on uk transformers prices, toy releases, store released, the "lead paint" story, tfnation event planning, the visionaries coffee table book and several others. well it pleases me that the first project is now ready to share and that is thanks to former head of hasbro europe's boys toys, andy couzens, we have been able to recreate their internal 1989 european lineplan development document that shows dropped, continuing and new items that came onto various european markets in 1989.  the document has been recreated in full as a spreadsheet and will be added to if/when we have access to further documents.
the document includes the number of units ordered by uk, france, germany, italy, spain, belgium, holland, switzerland and distributors for each product in 1988 and 1989. from this you can tell which items were not onl available in each territory and their quantity but also it gives insight into how sales were going for the product based on whether it was to be dropped, decreased in number or increased.
it also shows how some  some countries preferred certain items to others or were behind in product releases as was the case with g.i.joe (action force) in france compared with the uk.
the numbers are believed to be in units of 1,000 though that is currently being tripled checked as it may be tens of thousands due to andy's recollection that the minimum order was 5,000 units for one country as long as other countries also placed some orders.
some items were released across europe but were only intended for one or two markets where the demand was high enough. however if those markets could not fulfil the minimum order from hasbro us themselves they had to bargin with other european divisions for them to also order n amount of the stock in order to reach the minimum requirement. this meant that some markets would order toys even though they had little demand for them but had increased demand for other types of toys. from what i'm told spain historically was less interested in transformers but more interested in dolls but they would often take orders in order for other countries to get the product they wanted on shelves.
the document covers some items from transformers, g.i-joe, robotix as well as pipeworks.
 


category: transformers interviews and articles
      | submitted by: quartz -
         on: wednesday, 29th march 2023 at 12:29:26 bst
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on





steve white to attend tfnation next august

tfnation have announced their latest guest for tfnation 2023 next august as steve white! you can read the full press release below.
tfnation is honoured to announce that steve white, one of the forces behind titan uk’s transformers magazine, and colourist from the marvel uk era, will be joining us in the summer of 2023!
 
white is an editor and colourist in his most prominent roles, and transformers magazine (the whole seven year run) aside, he was the colourist for the first appearance of death’s head back in transformers (uk) #113-114 and several issues since.
 
older readers may also know him from the 1990s rogue trooper series from 2000ad, and the curation of the collected volumes of paleoart, dinosaur art, dinosaur art ii and mesozoic art(titan books).
 
steve white will be joining us for tfnation 2023, ready to tell all about gritty post-apocalyptic futures and lush dino-utopias. stay tuned for more details on the tfnation website -- where all are one!


category: transformers convention news
      | submitted by: quartz -
         on: wednesday, 21st december 2022 at 21:43:41 gmt
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on





robotmasters website intro video

another video from the archives, this time the intro video to the long dead takara website for the shortlived robotmasters toyline.



category: transformers toy news
      | submitted by: quartz -
         on: saturday, 17th december 2022 at 10:48:24 gmt
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on





transforce 2004 footage


following on from auto assembly 2005 yesterday here's a very short, extremely low quality, 240p is the best it can do, brief video from transforce 2004 which was the transformers convention that took place in mitcham leisure centre in august 2004.


the video is just over a minute & was taken when i "walked the queue" prior to doors opening.


it was the 1st transforce for 2 years & 2nd most attendee european transformers convention at the time (329). transforce '02 (400attendees) and jauto assembly 2004 (320 attendees).


simon furman, andrew wildman and geoff anderson were all guests, for the event but unknown to most attendees anne bryant, who was in the uk at the time, attendee as a walk-in attendee to get see what was happening.


we bought normal tickets for the day but ended up arriving early to help out the spacebridge store with set-up which allowed me to record part of the setup in the hall. it was our first event attending as helpers which we continue doing to this day at tfnation.




category: transformers convention news
      | submitted by: quartz -
         on: saturday, 17th december 2022 at 10:32:50 gmt
      | share: 






     |  discuss: read on






latest cartoon review / gallery
 


								    transformers robots in disguise 2015 season 2 episode 4
								    (transformers robots in disguise 2015)
								
 


								    transformers robots in disguise 2015 season 2 episode 3
								    (transformers robots in disguise 2015)
								
 


								    transformers robots in disguise 2015 season 2 episode 2
								    (transformers robots in disguise 2015)
								
 


								    transformers robots in disguise 2015 season 2 episode 1
								    (transformers robots in disguise 2015)
								
 


								    beast wars ii: episode 26 - enter lio junior
								    (beast wars ii)
								
 


								    beast wars ii: episode 25 - the final battle
								    (beast wars ii)
								
 


								    beast wars ii: episode 24 - face the setting sun
								    (beast wars ii)
								
 


								    beast wars ii: episode 23 - showdown in the sea
								    (beast wars ii)
								
 


								    beast wars ii: episode 22 - megastorm's reckoning
								    (beast wars ii)
								
 


								    beast wars ii: episode 21 - the tentacular scuba
								    (beast wars ii)
								

stats: 115 transformers cartoons articles split into 7 sections.









blot
					click the link or image above to view the blot toy gallery.  the gallery contains 4 images of this figure for your viewing pleasure.
				




					hasbro inc submitted a trademark application for
					mark only
					with the uspto on the wednesday, 30th november -0001.  the mark was submitted within the category
					 and currently has as status of .
				





galaxy force ep.1
					
 ....
				





choose your fate
					we loved the transformers choose your fate books as kids, and even wrote a text adventure in their style for an old version of transformers at the moon.  here you can find images from these puzzle-books, both uk and us  ....
				





ep 22: constructicons fight
					near to the end of the episode called rise of the constructicons, mixmaster and scrapper confront the autobots and ask them for their allspark fragments.  after getting annoyed with the response, mixmaster and scrapper take matters into their own hands, a ....
				





otfcc 2003 (usa)
					we loved the transformers choose your fate books as kids, and even wrote a text adventure in their style for an old version of transformers at the moon.  here you can find images from these puzzle-books, both uk and us  ....
				





us sheet 1
					the scans contained within this gallery are taken from our own transformers toysheet collection.  this is the first us transformers toysheet. ....
				





transformers animated
					the instruction scans contained within this gallery with the tf08.net watermark were originally from the chinese tf08 website.  they have been added here as a mirror. ....
				




					visit the portal area
					of this website for the members only features.  to become a
					member, visit the message board.
				











transformers g1 suiken trainbots raiden c-128 japanese headmasters masterforce

transformers g1 japanese star convoy complete

g1 transformers japanese repro ko dino cassettes noizu gurafi dile zaur black

g1 transformers japanese repro ko dino cassettes complete noizu gurafi dile zaur

transformers g1 victory leo no missiles takara c-327 vintage japanese boxed














    				transformers at the moon is a fan created website regarding those robots in disguise from hasbro inc and takaratomy
    				better known as the transformers.  this website was established in october 1999 and has been running ever since.
    				you can use transformers at the moon for such things as transformers toys,transformers figures,transformers movie,optimus prime,megatron,bumblebee,unicron,transformers cartoon,transformers comicstransformers toys - transformers at the moon - www.transformertoys.co.uk
				


new topics
official transformers store coming to the uk in novemberby quartzbbc news cover toy-fu's charity work at auto assembly and tfnationby quartzcereal:geek team-up - transport to oblivion full studio recording session audioby quartztransformers earthspark to start airing on cbbc and iplayer within the ukby quartz1989 european lineplan development document recreatedby quartzsteve white to attend tfnation next augustby quartzrobotmasters website intro videoby quartzjack lawrence to attend tfnation 2023by quartzby quartzvintage auto assembly 2004 footage now onlineby quartz



latest discussion
official transformers store coming to the uk in novemberby quartzbbc news cover toy-fu's charity work at auto assembly and tfnationby quartzcereal:geek team-up - transport to oblivion full studio recording session audioby quartztransformers earthspark to start airing on cbbc and iplayer within the ukby quartz1989 european lineplan development document recreatedby quartzsteve white to attend tfnation next augustby quartzrobotmasters website intro videoby quartzjack lawrence to attend tfnation 2023by quartzby quartzvintage auto assembly 2004 footage now onlineby quartz







transformers at the moon |
        transformers news |
        transformers galleries |
        transformers videos |
        transformers conventions |
        community


    	©transformers at the moon 1999 - 2025
version: 9.0.0
founded: 29th october 1999
officially launched: 11th november 1999

    	there are currently 663 users online.
        this website is a fan website and is in no way official or affiliated with
    	hasbro inc, takaratomy, idw publishing, titan publication, paramount pictures, marvel comics, sunbow productions, sony entertainment, cartoon network, the ndp group  or michael bay

    	all material published on this website that is not under copyright to someone else is under copyright to the transformers at the moon twins.
    	the transformers at the moon twins consist of
    	

steve mapes
google+
 and
            david mapes
. find us on google+

page rendering time: 0.5931 seconds.
memory usage: 5,632kb
	





































