





















histiocytosis / school of veterinary medicine









      skip to main content
    






menu


histiocytosis / school of veterinary medicine






























open search




search












    vet med links
    +




vet med home


giving


contact / directions


news


admissions


alumni


faculty


future veterinary medical center


disaster response


vet med extension


jobs


campus directory


canvas


viper


vmacs









main navigation (extended config)



          histiocytosis





public overview


dvm overview


histiocytes


histiocytoma complex



          histiocytic sarcoma complex





    - distinctive syndromes




canine reactive histiocytoses


feline progressive histiocytosis


feline pulmonary lch





faq































 



public overview
histiocytic sarcomas (hs) (formerly malignant histiocytosis - mh) occur with high incidence in bernese mountain dogs, rottweilers, flat coated retrievers, golden retrievers and sporadically in many other breeds.
more info






 



dvm overview
canine cutaneous histiocytoma, which exhibits evidence of lc differentiation, usually occurs as a solitary lesion in young dogs and spontaneously regresses.
more info






 



frequently asked questions
canine histiocytosis
more information











welcome to the histiocytosis site
this site was developed to provide a current information source for pet owners, clinical veterinarians and pathologists who wrestle dissecting the intricacies of diagnosis, prognosis and treatment of the spectrum of histiocytic proliferative diseases in dogs and cats.
the site is geared toward both the pet owner and the professional. for the pet owner there is an overview of histiocytic diseases and a frequently asked questions (faq) discussion where many of your questions may have been answered. for the professional (and interested pet owner) there is a more technical overview of histiocytic diseases and a detailed, illustrated description of the individual histiocytic diseases.
i hope you ﬁnd this site of use in clearing up doubts, misinformation and in dealing with the frustration of histiocytic disease. i would like to thank the institute for genetic disease control for arranging the ﬁnancial support for the initial development of this site. the site was extensively revised in early 2016 to better align with the review paper published in veterinary pathology in 2014 (“a review of histiocytic diseases of dogs and cats” p. f. moore, veterinary pathology 2014, 51 (1):167-­184). accordingly, histiocytic diseases of cats have been added; most of these were described after the original site was posted in 2002.
peter f. moore
professor vm pathology, microbiology and immunology
school of veterinary medicine
university of california
davis, ca 95616
pfmoore@ucdavis.edu

the author retains copyright of all images within this site. images may be used for teaching purposes with permission and appropriate acknowledgement.


















emergency
contact vet med
vet med news & events
view our vet med publications
vet med extension
shop uc davis vet med
website issues
privacy policy






make a gift to the uc davis school of veterinary medicine

 

         
school of veterinary medicine - social media hub
 








viper
faculty
alumni
future veterinary medical center
campus directory














privacy & accessibility principles of community university of california 
copyright © the regents of the university of california, davis campus. all rights reserved.


this site is officially grown in sitefarm.











