




            international institute for human empowerment        




























































new world empowerment

international unity day
fibromyalgia task force
published works
sue shipe, phd.


donate
contact us
home















.
what happens when beauty and simplicity connects. we tried to give you a slight hint of that with the colorway theme.


 



















                                            celebrating 25 years! the mission of the international institute for human empowerment, inc. is to help prepare all people to succeed in a rapidly changing world ~ strengthening our inner resources, creating more responsive institutions, and preparing experiencers for leadership.                                    





 


new world empowerment
home to all of the programs & services of the institute: publications, international unity day, fibromyalgia task force


 


spiritual empowerment
spiritual empowerment through the new message of love as revealed through a messenger named "moriah."

 


experiencer empowerment
based upon the messages of the "teachers of love" as revealed through a messenger named "moriah."

 


sue shipe, ph.d.
executive director, international institute for human empowerment, author & chair, fibromyalgia task force.







news & announcements




 fibromyalgia task force 2023 resolution
fibromyalgia awareness week in new york state, may 7-13, 2023
nys senate bill 1899       |        nys assembly bill j00899
senate resolution […]
continue reading... 


 fibromyalgia task force 2023 resolution
fibromyalgia awareness week in new york state, may 7-13, 2023
nys senate bill 1899       |        nys assembly bill j00899
senate resolution […]
continue reading... 


nyfibro.org
                
fibromyalgia taskforce launches new website nyfibro.org with research and resources for physicians…



designed for ease in selecting and integrating patient therapies based upon extensive current medical research.






                continue reading... 













 



a new way for a new day!




















international institute for human empowerment -
                                                    























