



molalla retreat - bringing oregon adults, youth and children together since 1969!












































































navigation
molalla retreat
bringing oregon adults, youth and children together since 1969!


home
reservations

rates


facilities
activities
dining
about us
welcome info











molalla retreat lodge
we specialize in allowing groups to use our facilities for their programs.






relax in the beautiful north west






welcome









welcome to molalla retreat
molalla retreat camp and conference center has been bringing oregon 
adults, youth and children together since 1969. whether your desire 
is to conduct youth summer camps, week-end retreats, worship services, or 
host day camps, molalla retreat can provide the perfect setting.  
we are located in the foothills of the cascades, 7 miles southeast of molalla, 
oregon and less than one hour from portland and salem.  the camp 
borders the molalla river providing a peaceful setting for our guests.
at molalla retreat, we cater to the needs of each group, while respecting 
your budget!  for instance you can choose our meal service or save by 
preparing your own meals.  our facilities can accommodate groups as small 
as 10 or as large as 100.  we have great recreational facilities including 
swimming, fishing, hiking, team sports, disk golf, a challenge course, game 
room and more. 
we would love to host your summer camps or weekend conference, so 
please give us a call or e-mail us for more details. 


reservations








view all

gallery




 
facilities





 
dining





 
activities







view all
what people think of molalla retreat


oregon camp is such a special trip. we all have a blast carrying on, having silly fun, and enjoying life with old friends and new!
trips inc special adventures https://www.tripsinc.com/

beautiful place on the rushing turquoise molalla river. great place for church retreat, family reunion or getaway. management is awesome.
google user review
my church went to molalla retreat for our annual women’s retreat. we had 22 attendees but the site could have easily held more! the lodge was clean, comfortable, and it was easy to control the temperature. there were 4 showers, a big kitchen, and a spacious meeting area! we were in the main lodge but there a couple different lodges, one of them will be sure to fit your needs. the owners were very nice and easy to work with! i would return to this facility.
brittany k










search for:



 molalla retreat, inc 

physical address-
36208 south molalla forest road
molalla, or 97038

mailing address-
p.o. box 943
molalla, or 97038

phone:  503-829-9653

molallaretreat@gmail.com

if you are trying to reach a guest at the lodge, the number is (503) 829-6349
  








follow us on facebook
follow us on youtube







molalla retreat 2016 






