








custom window coverings & closets | sunburst shutters vancouver







custom window coverings & closets | sunburst shutters vancouver


























































call 604-436-3400 for a quote












why us

sunburst advantage
the process
testimonials


window coverings

blinds

metal & venetian blinds
wood & faux wood blinds
vertical blinds


shades

honeycomb & cellular shades
roller shades & panel tracks
roman shades
sheer shades & shading


shutters

polywood & composite shutters
wood shutters


automation


closet organizers

mud rooms & entry closets
reach-in closets
specialty storage closets
walk-in closets
finishes & accessories


sliding doors
gallery
blog
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 














custom closets, blinds, shutter & shades in greater vancouverwhether you’re fashioning a small condo or large family home, we’ve got the products that suit your style and fit your budget.
schedule your free design consultation
 

 
 




sunburst shuttershelp you optimize your ability to have full control of sunshine, shade, temperature and privacy.
view shutters
 

 
 




modern closetsget the closet you need with style and ease.work with us to get the professional and best experience.
view closets
 

 
 




window treatmentswe offer extremely high-quality blinds that combine functionality and aesthetic.
view blinds
 

 
 




custom shadeschoose from a warm, tropical look, cellular shades for subtle elegance, or pleated shades for classic luxury.
view shades
 

 
 




pantrieswe offer a unique approach in transforming your home to maximize storage space.
view pantries
 

 
 
 
 
 








































 
 



discover our custom window coverings
 

 
 
 


blinds 
 
 

shades 
 
 

shutters 
 
 

automation 
 
 
 
 



discover our custom closet organizers
 

 
 
 


mud rooms & entry closets
 
 

reach-in closets
 
 

specialty storage closets
 
 
 


walk-in closets
 
 

finishes & accessories
 
 

sliding glass doors
 
 
 
 



how we transform your home 
 

 
 
 





step 1: contact
the first contact is to call our vancouver office. in this first connection, we will help explain the process to you and answer any questions you may have.

 
 
 




step 2: design consultation
your in-home design consultation is completely free. our designers will take the time to understand your needs and take measurements. but also, make sure that we are the company that’s right for you.

 
 
 




step 3: personalize
after our first design proposal, you may want to include a few extra things that may have been missed. in this step, you can further customize to bring the design even closer to your vision.

 
 
 




step 4: manufacture
once the design is approved, it will be placed into our production schedule, and we will have your order manufactured.

 
 
 




step 5: installation
when your order is ready, we will then install it into your home. our installation team is a seasoned, well-trained team that arrives at your doorstep for your installation, making sure that each window treatment functions properly. 

 
 
 
 


schedule your free design consultation

 
 
 



high-quality closet organizers, shutters, and blind systems.
call 604-436-3400 for your complimentary design consultation
 
 
 
 



sunburst shutters & closets serving greater vancouver
 

 
for window coverings and closet systems, our team of professionals are equipped with a skill set to make your home design dreams become a reality. from the first consultation to final installation we have the creativity and passion to deliver innovative ideas and quality products with unparalleled service.
 
learn more about us

 



 
 
 





 


“timely, professional and attentive to the little details. a seamless experience.” – sonya f.
 
read more reviews

 
 
 




your browser does not support iframes. your browser does not support iframes. powered by homestars
 
 

contact sunburst shutters & closets today for your complimentary consultation!

 

604-436-3400 

 

service@sunburstshutters.ca
 
 
 

name


first



last


phone*email*

messagecaptchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 










 

 

 
 
 
 











 
 
 
  


 
 
 





© 2025 sunburst shutters & closets. all rights reserved. | designed by castlecs - marketing & advertising
 

 
 
 




call now





