










home - admei




























































 
 




















skip to content









   









my admei login







































menu 
homeabout mission & history leadership industry partners contact usmembership join dmc requirements 2024 admei membership brochure find a dmc call for volunteers mentor program sponsorship admei forum code of ethical conduct file an ethics complaintawards 2025 awards 2025 award finalists past winnerscertification & accreditation certification & accreditation board (cab) certification dmcp application exam exam schedule dmc competencies best practices in destination management recertification current dmcps accreditation admc standards admc application admc faq admc reaffirmation admc renewal current admcseducation events events calendar 2025 admei conference webinars ask the attorney call for webinars emergency preparedness upcoming courses & sessions virtual course agendaindustry resources admei blog member news admei forum bookstore career center scholarships scholarship – academic scholarship – continuing education donor wall








 















registration is open!    


  live! by loews | arlington, tx  usa













 





destination management companies






delivering extraordinary experiences with a local flair























find a dmc 
 
















join admei 
 
















certification & accreditation 
 
















education 
 












what is admei?
association of destination management executives international (admei) is a membership association for destination management companies (dmcs) and is the premier resource for education, standards, and practices within the destination management industry.   with a global presence and respected reputation for sharing the value of dmcs to both internal and external stakeholders, admei is the voice of dmcs.









why admei?
admei membership provides valuable prestige to its members through first-class education, collaboration, and accreditation.  as part of admei, members receive global exposure to potential buyers looking to source vetted and best-in-class destination management companies.
admei is the trusted partner in the certification of destination management professionals (dmcp) and the accreditation of destination management companies (admc).

















what is a dmc?
a destination management company (dmc) is a professional services company located in its destination and specializes in local expertise and resources. the dmc is a strategic partner to provide creative local experiences in event management, tours/activities, transportation, entertainment, and program logistics.
dmcs are at the core of the mice industry. the services they provide to their clients also provide business to their local supplier partners. they can and often do literally touch every aspect of a program from logistics to safety, from branding and theme creation to providing local experiences.





















 












© 2025 admei
 | 
site by growthzone




















































































































 © 

 admei.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top















