


redwood city public seismic network




redwood city public seismic network

redwood city, california usa 
current weather conditions
current seismicity

image updated every 5 minutes
more local and world wide heliplots
redwood city psn goes solar
psn station map
2017 eclipse trip to oregon


new earthquake data files. this list is updated ~5
    minutes after an event and is purged after 7 days.
earthquake data files by year and month. you can also search the event archives by day and psn station
    id. 
hawaii security camera videos of volcano related earthquakes 5.5,
    5.2 and a 5.3.
    more information... 
station information on the event data files recorded by
    my system. psn station list by file extension. 
teleseismic and other interesting events recorded on my
    system. 
download software (winquake and quakevu) to view psn and sac
    binary event data files. 
utility software. this page currently has a basic program to
    calculate bearing and distance. 
homebuilt seismograph faq has
    information on how to build your own seismograph station. 
information, equipment and software to help
    you build your own seismograph station. 
public seismic network mailing lists subscribe or
    unsubscribe to the psnlist, newevent, and newfile mailing lists. updated:
    6/27/15 
archives of past psnlist messages. 
block diagram of the redwood city psn system. 
request data from any usgs or local sensor monitored by my
    data logging systems. 
dec. 8th, 1998 northern california psn meeting
    summary and photos. 
dec. 20th, 1997 northern california psn meeting
    summary. 
sept.
    5th, 2015 northern california psn meeting video. 
please read if your are planning to build the adxl05
    sensor based on the april 1996 scientific american article. 
strong motion data comparing an adxl05 based sensor and
    a kinemetrics fba-23a commercial sensor. other strong
    motion data. 
psn type 4 event file format. 
e-quake's seismic explorer
    software to link psn stations in real-time with regional networks. 
nevada
    seismological laboratory's "real-time" k-12 educational
    seismic network 
history of the public seismic network 
locating earthquakes using earthworm
 running earthworm on a raspberry pi board
 running
    winsdr and winquake on a raspberry pi board
north
    korean nuclear test on 2016-09-09 recorded in australia
gps
    timing for the shake or raspberry pi board
short
video of our last psn meeting on sept. 5th, 2015
period extension filters this
    type of filter can be used to extend the frequency range of your sensor.
how the richter scale 
 measures earthquakes
volksmeter sensor sold by rll instruments
    - more information: state-of-the-art digital seismometer


software downloads:

winsdr
      4.7.8b9 - added support for all versions of the raspberry pi shake. release date:
      may 19, 2018
winsdr 4.7.8b
      - release notes - added support for
      the shake digitizer. release date:
      feb. 13, 2017
 winquake
      3.4.2 - added support to run under linux using  wine  - 
	  release date: june. 17, 2017
earthworm modules - psnadsend earthworm module - updated:
      dec. 22, 2014
 ewconsole,
      a windows gui replacement for the earthworm startstop_nt.exe module
 linux driver library and windows dll for
      my 16 bit and 24 bit
      a/d boards - updated april 23, 2018
winplotgps 1.5 - release date march 14, 2003


search for documents and files on this
website

other psn web sites

chirinet, panama's public seismic network 
public seismic network inc, dominica 
dunedin, new zealand public seismic network 
f.e.s.n. - italy friuli experimental seismic network 
 golden, colorado public
    seismic network 
kailua-kona,
    hawaii public seismic network 
italian experimental seismic network
(english version) 
san jose, california public seismic network 
seismic apuano observatory - fivizzano and carrara, italy
arpsn - amateur radio public seismic network
pete rowe's psn station in san jose california
alabamaquake.com huntsville alabama,
    usa - steve's  facebook
    page   


additional seismometer and earthquake information

information on seismic waves,
    magnitude
    and plate
    tectonics from the university of nevada, reno. 
locating earthquakes (a
    tutorial on how earthquake locations are determined) from the usgs home page in menlo park, california 
seismo-surfing the
    internet and lw's geo site
    home pages have links to more information related to seismology and geology. 
princeton earth physics project
    home page. winquake ver. 2.2 can now read pepp data files. 
dave nelson's home page
    has information on new zealand seismology and astronomy. 
new zealand seismology interactive
    earthquakes and quake trackers. 
quake pro has earthquake hazard reduction
    equipment like automatic shutoff valves, water storage containers, and emergency kits. 
virtual
    earthquakes is an excellent site for learning about how earthquakes are located and
    how magnitudes are determined. 
earthquake references maintain by
    the british geological survey. 
recent world wide earthquakes. this web site is maintain by the usgs in menlo park, ca. 
manual of seismological
    observatory practice lots of useful information on earthquakes.
ohioseis department of
    geology at the college of wooster.
  
information on australian
    seismicity

seismogram analysis training outline manual
    (1.2mb pdf file)
  
mauro mariotti's info-eq
(italiano) (english)

seismo-watch is a leading source
    of earthquake news and information on the internet.
  
the seismic workgroup school
    seismograph station in monschau germany
  
investigating
    earthquakes through regional seismicity

 manuals for seismograph equipment

 seismicnews.com

 clickable
    fault maps for california

 sprengnethers
    and their seismographs by deborah warner, national museum of american
    history
  
 new - astronomical society of south australia 
  


equipment information
this items are no longer in production now that i am retired 

24-bit 4-channel digitizer board   - schematic and gerber
    files are available for this board 
8-channel 16-bit analog to digital
    converter board   - schematic and gerber
    files are available for this board 
 one to four channel amplifier / filter
    board - schematic and gerber
    files are available for this board  
 3 channel seismic amplifier/filter board  - schematic
    and gerber files are available for this board   
 garmin gps 18-lvc oem timing sensor 
 pickup
    coil and magnet set for lehman sensors 
 4-channel
    strong motion accelerometer sensor board 
 triaxial accelerometer sensor board 
telemetry demodulator board 


local weather and radiation conditions




detail weather conditions and plots - 
weather station information - 
radiation monitoring plots and information


page last updated: february 14, 2022
this page viewed  times since november 8, 1995
larry cochrane - contact information


