
fiat parts, fun imported auto and toys. your shop for fiat parts, lancia parts, alfa romeo parts, and other italian car parts
















fiat parts, fun imported auto and toys. your shop for fiat parts, lancia parts, alfa romeo parts, and other italian car parts








  






fiat parts, fun imported auto and toys. your shop for fiat parts, lancia parts, alfa romeo parts, and other italian car parts
















fiat parts, fun imported auto and toys. your shop for fiat parts, lancia parts, alfa romeo parts, and other italian car parts








  






fiat parts, fun imported auto and toys. your shop for fiat parts, lancia parts, alfa romeo parts, and other italian car parts

































143 tunnel road
vernon, ct 06066
(860) 871-1990
(860) 875--0601 fax 



online 
            shopping




toys




used 
            parts




go 
            shopping!









fiat 
            fun



customer 
            cars




danny's 
            cars 




special 
            events 




flune 
            home page




fiats 
            for sale




racing




cool 
            links






back 
            to main page



 contact 
            us 

  
          














welcome 
        to fun imported auto and toys! we're your one-stop connection for all 
        of your parts needs for italian cars. we've been helping enthusiasts like 
        yourself repair, restore, and modify their cars for almost 25 years. whether 
        you drive a fiat, lancia, maserati, alfa romeo, abarth, ferrari, or any 
        other type of italian car, we can help you keep it running! owner danny 
        o'donnell can not only supply you the parts you need, but he can also 
        help with his extensive background in troubleshooting your car. danny has been working with fiats for most of his life. click here to read an article about him.
click 
        on the menu to your left to look up the parts for your vehicle. don't 
        see it listed? send us an email and we'll track down that part for you.
don't 
        forget, we also have a huge warehouse full of used parts as well. all 
        checked and ready to go.
looking 
        for something to spice up your car? look at our upgrades page or our own 
      specially-made line of performance springs and stainless steel exhausts!
thank 
        you for visiting fun imported auto and toys!
 














  





















  


