




  











tapestry banquets ‹ exquisite events – effortlessly






































				exquisite events - effortlessly            






















home
clients
menus and pricing
services
off-site locations
tapestry
 















 

 

 

 

 

 








about us    your host sean shannon, moved to southfield from downtown detroit and the well-known historic mansion, "the castle", site of many of detroit's loveliest weddings.

    sean shannon has hosted weddings, conferences and banquets since 1987 as the owner of "the castle".

        "personal attention and a strong commitment to your needs are tapestry's top priorities."

  	 

location 
our building sits in the midst of a tranquil garden that underlines our commitment to the leisure and charm of yesteryear. 


recent posts


welcome to tapestry banquets!


tasting


weddings and receptions


priorities


categories

general


meta

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 










contact ustapestry banquets24580 evergreen southfield, mi 48075for reservations - please call or email:  phone: 248-722-1547
email: tapestry1@sbcglobal.net
 






thank you so much for the wonderful job you did with our bridal shower.  the food and presentation were amazing!  everyone commented on how tasty everything was, and how the set-up was so beautiful it could have been the wedding!lisa graff 

thank you so very much for helping make our holiday party a huge success.  i have received nothing but compliments about your food and outstanding service.  it was an honor to work with such a great group of dedicated and hard working individuals.  thanks again for everything.millie tompkins, gedas usa 

your establishment is above and beyond most venues where we have attended weddings!  the food was fantastic, the service was amazing and the atmosphere was wonderful.  we have received so many compliments on the reception.  you were a pleasure to work with.  thank you for helping make our celebration so perfect!alyson and nate gerber 







copyright © 2024 tapestry banquets. all rights reserved.
site developed by jvd multimedia.














