








interior plant service orange county | indoor plant installation, maintenance















































home
our services
about mr. plant
photo gallery
contact us
 




























your best choice for professional indoor plant service management.

"your plants have a life…so should you!"


click here for free estimate




mr. plant is as easy as:



schedule a free design consultation




select plants & containers for installation




watch the mr. plant team install & maintain a beautiful, healthy environment



have a question? talk to our indoor plantscaping experts!
mike lambert & alcy grimes lambert are happy to answer all of your questions! yes, we provide free consultations!
contact us 

mr. plant has been a successful interior plantscaper since 1997. today’s portfolio has over 200 satisfied clients, both commercial and residential. 

they pride themselves in always selecting the best quality plants. yes, there is a difference between plants grown for the “big box companies” and professional plantsapers. just compare the root systems. short roots mean a short life. longevity is what we strive for to provide the best guaranteed service with the least amount of interruption. 

decorative container selection is just as important as the plant. dimensions, color, shape, texture all help showcase the final “wow” moment when installation is completed. mr. plant uses many suppliers and can find the perfect container. 


for commercial or residential! add a breath of new life to your home or office


healthy green plants create a comfortable and inviting environment in your home or office. they help to remove pollutants from the air and absorb sound to create a soothing, comfortable environment.

visit our photo gallery

here’s why our customers choose mr. plant


experience - our years of professional experience and training will help save you money!

keen design eye for space color & size
best quality plants that are personally selected
extensive training & experience
unique approach to plant care
easy installations
seamless transition




customer care - helps save you time so you can enjoy your life and not worry or stress. go out! take a vacation or a long weekend. we’ll take care of the plants.

pro-active weekly or bi-weekly maintenance
replacement guarantee
dedicated personnel
liability & worker’s compensation insurance
hands-on management
pesticide free maintenance
flexibility
sense of humor




image specialist - enhance the beauty & comfort of your home or office.

creates soothing environments
unique plants, color bowls & botanical accents
vast array of decorative containers
space planning expertise




discover more about us



your plants are crying for someone who cares, or pretty soon they will all be bare. 
so, call the pros at mr. plant & soon your place will look elegant


clients include













 



quick linkshome
our services
about mr. plant
photo gallery
contact us
contact us  address: 215 avenida del mar #e.
san clemente, ca 92672
 email: mrplantoc@msn.com
 phone number: (949) 369-9424
 fax number: (949) 492-8474

 
your plants have a life…so should you!







							© 2019 mr. plant. all rights reserved. | website design by 1to1network. inc.						






























