


home - league of women voters of santa barbara

























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twittermember loginmenuhomevoting voting basics upcoming elections your representatives election forums ballot measuresissues positions redistrictingabout us our work board of directors committees / teams history of lwvsb nearby local leagues lwv information photo albumsnews newsletters local hot topicsevents calendar community forums election forums ballot measures past eventsget involved committees / teamsmember resources governance & financial  publications for members board member only docs member directory lifetime members document library





 join lwv
donate to lwvsb










south coast housing data projectlearn morekeyboard_arrow_leftkeyboard_arrow_right••••••••







league news


recent articles
news to know














upcoming events


upcoming events
upcoming events




view calendar





lwvsb facebook


facebook feed
lwvsb/












mission statement:
empowering voters.
defending democracy.
the league of women voters is a nonpartisan, grassroots organization working to protect and expand voting rights and ensure everyone is represented in our democracy. we empower voters and defend democracy through advocacy, education, and litigation, at the local, state, and national levels.

our volunteers work year-round to register new voters, host community forums and debates, and provide voters with election information they need.  we engage at the local and state levels on legislative priorities and efforts to improve our elections and protect our democracy. 



















diversity, equity, and inclusion

lwv is an organization fully committed to diversity, equity, and inclusion in principle and in practice. diversity, equity, and inclusion are central to the organization’s current and future success in engaging all individuals, households, communities, and policy makers in creating a more perfect democracy.










the league of women voters of santa barbara 
is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit public benefit corporation. 
our tax id # is 77-0535840. donations to lwvsb are 100% tax deductible to the full extent allowed by law and 20% of dues are tax deductible.














follow us








 



support us
join  |  
donate  |  
volunteer  |  
newsletter



contact us
phone: (805) 965-2422
league of women voters of santa barbara
3463 state street, #260
santa barbara, ca 93105  





copyright | 2021 | all rights reserved | terms of use |privacy policy | powered by clubexpress








home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 









