









career leverage | proven leadership and development tools
































































skip to content





























homeaboutservices career development leadership development mastermind groupsclientssuccess storiesmedia coverageblogcontact




 




×
homeaboutservices career development leadership development mastermind groupsclientssuccess storiesmedia coverageblogcontact










 


























magnifyyour
strengths






career leverage guides successful leaders and professionals through every stage of transformation while achieving positive, measurable results. 







are you ready to get even better?




































magnifyyour
strengths



career leverage guides successful leaders and professionals through every stage of transformation while achieving positive, measurable results. 










are you ready to get even better?


















media coverage











 

black enterprise








 

cnn








 

fortune








 

fox news








 

good day new york








 

mademoiselle








 

real simple








 

the geraldo rivera show








 

new york times





next
previous



















are you ready to leverage your strengths to measurably improve performance?






at career leverage inc. you will learn what matters to you most and make your vision happen.  










blocks



eliminate blindspots that hinder your leadership and career growth. 












roadmap



establish a roadmap to reach your stretch goals. 












tools



apply our proven leadership and career development tools and watch your career soar. 


























are you ready for coaching?















are you ready to take action and be accountable for your results?













is coaching right for you?















do you want to challenge yourself to grow professionally and personally?
























services














career development



										read more									











leadership development



										read more									











mastermind groups



										read more									









































nancy friedberg:
a catalyst for leadership and career strength



with nancy friedberg and her team, you will apply cutting edge, innovative leadership and career development tools to become more of who you want to be and do more of the work you love. as a result, you’ll experience strength and self-confidence in your professional choices and behaviors.click on nancy’s story and how she did it. we want to know your story!  

















success stories







read a select few success stories from clients spanning 10 different industries and 50 different professions.





















martin guersoy

    global business development strategist and sales executive

    


“nancy is an outstanding executive coach who has added tremendous value and plenty of ideas to both my business and personal life. i had the pleasure of working with her as my executive coach for nearly a year and was amazed by the positive impact she had on my professional…










wendy ball, mslis, ckm

    research manager at ask research service

    


when i first came to nancy, i was dissatisfied with the lack of recognition i was receiving in terms of advancement. i put in extensive hours at the office and knew the quality of my work was outstanding but something was missing. i decided to hire nancy to help me…










shari krikorian

    senior vice president at mastercard worldwide

    


nancy friedberg is a terrific executive coach. i was recognized as a high potential performer at my company and was provided with the investment dollars to work with nancy on a six month executive coaching assignment. during that time, we developed an action plan that heightened my visibility within the…














read more success stories


















join our list of clients




















































































































































view more






























stay updated







sorry, we couldn't find any posts. please try a different search.











view more










 














sign up to receive nancy’s complimentary leadership and career development strategies, resources and tools.











please enter your name.



please enter a valid email address.




submit



something went wrong. please check your entries and try again.


























































contact nancy










phone: 914-661-7006 
zoom or phone sessions are available for your convenience. 

















© 2025 career leverage. all rights reserved. web design services by sumy designs, llc









 


scroll to top


















