


jacksonville bankruptcy attorney | lansing roy, p.a.































 
				close
			



 
				skip to content
			




				high contrast
			



 
				increase text size
			



 
				clear all
			

















home

blog






free consultations
904-574-5499


























home



blog






firm overview



attorneys






kevin paysinger

william b. mcdaniel




practice areas






bankruptcy





chapter 7

chapter 11

chapter 13

automatic stays

the bankruptcy process

bankruptcy myths



estate planning & probate

asset planning & resolution

foreclosure defense

assignments for the benefit of creditors

credit card debt

creditor harassment 

debt settlement

repossession




faq






means test




reviews



contact us





our office
904-574-5499









top















						we know that going through bankruptcy is stressful, but our firm will help you through it.
					

						knowledgeable, reputable, understanding
					





contact us




















jacksonville bankruptcy attorneyaffordable financial solutions in northeast florida & south georgialansing roy, p.a. is a locally owned jacksonville firm that has been providing legal services to clients since 1996. while starting as a bankruptcy firm, over the years lansing roy, p.a. has naturally evolved and expanded its practice areas to assist clients with a multitude of financial issues.our attorneys and staff hold client communication and service in the highest regard. our firm in jacksonville is committed to help our clients overcome their overwhelming debt and back to financial stability.lansing roy, p.a. helps clients seeking financial solutions to their situations whether in need of:saving their home from foreclosureseeking guidance and advice for the best bankruptcy solutionand negotiating debts from creditors in debt settlementsschedule a free consultation with our experienced jacksonville bankruptcy attorney by giving us a call at (904) 574-5499 or by contacting us online today.









							practice areas
						





							attorney profiles
						





							faqs
						

















chapter 7 bankruptcy












chapter 11 bankruptcy












chapter 13 bankruptcy












foreclosure defense





















we can help you pursue relief for your financial troubles

at lansing roy, p.a., our team of seasoned attorneys focuses diligently on helping all clients achieve the best outcomes for their cases in the most cost-effective manners. it’s important to us that all clients are treated with respect, especially in times that can be quite overwhelming.therefore, we take the time to carefully assess each client’s financial situation and pursue the right strategy to settle your debt so you can overcome the crushing amount of stress caused by it.regardless of the amount of debt you have, it’s important that your rights are upheld and protected. when you retain one of our attorneys, we will remain at your service for the duration of your case. our goal is to get you to a place where you are back in control of your finances.

continue reading
read less
















				learn how our debt relief firm can help you
			

to learn more about your available options and get answers to your questions, contact
us to set up a free consultation.

we will evaluate your case and give you advice
on which option would best suit your needs. at lansing roy, p.a., we want to get
your financial life back on track. 





								contact us
								






















					hear from our clients
				

					reviews
				






we had great experiences with mr. roy. and all the folks here.
kathryn d.



we were referred to lansing roy and it was one of the best decisions we made.
douglas p.



a wonderful firm!!!
brenda b.













read more reviews 











							why choose us
						

							how we're different
						









solid reputation in the industry








well-versed in bankruptcy law








non-judgmental approach to each case








caring & personable service









								free consultations available
							

								contact our offices
							

florida
to speak to a jacksonville bankruptcy and foreclosure defense attorney from our law firm, call us at (904) 574-5499 or email us for a free consultation. we may be able to help you get your financial life back on track.








first name


			            please enter your first name.
			        




last name


			            please enter your last name.
			        




phone


			            please enter your phone number.
			        

			            this isn't a valid phone number.
			        




email


						please enter your email address.
					

						this isn't a valid email address.
					




are you a new client?


yes, i am a potential new client
no, i'm a current existing client
i'm neither.



						please make a selection.
					




message


						please enter a message.
					

 


by submitting, you agree to be contacted about your request & other information using automated technology. message frequency varies. msg & data rates may apply. text stop to cancel. acceptable use policy






send message 
























						connect with us
					























					1710 shadowood lane,
						suite 210,
					
					 jacksonville, fl 32207
				
(904) 574-5499
[map & directions]


helpful links



home

attorneys

practice areas

reviews

contact us













						the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.
					
© 2025 all rights reserved.



site map


privacy policy























