




endangered primate rescue center – working to ensure a future for vietnam's primates





























































 






working to ensure a future for vietnam's primates

facebook
instagram
youtube

search











✕ menu

about us

who we are
our story
our philosophy
our supporters
visit / contact us


support us

donate
sponsor
support a campaign


news





 










 







 
welcome to the
endangered primate rescue center
cúc phương national park, vietnam







 
we need to act now!
90% of vietnam’s primates are facing extinction
 donate







 
share in the care
ensure the responsibility of care, safety, and health of a primate
 sponsor a primate







 
news from eprc
read the latest happenings and stories from our primates
 news







 
learn about our projects
rescue, rehabilitation, reintroduction, and release
 rehabilitation  release













































meet 



the primates we care for 



we are dedicated to the rescue, rehabilitation, breeding, research and conservation of vietnam’s endangered and critically endangered primate species.





























 



















gibbon > 








































 



















langur > 








































 



















loris > 









































we are resolved to turn the tide for vietnam's primates every day. 



our primates need your help! 



support our passionate and delicate team in saving critically endangered primate species 































0
+

rare primates rescued!​


















donate







one-time donation, monthly giving, annual gift 



















0
+

primates have been born at eprc


















sponsor







fund the care of a primate at eprc 



















0
+

primates released back into the wild


















support







directly support a primate campaign 




































 





 





 
















25 species of vietnam’s primates are ‘on the edge of extinction’ 
 










11 species listed as critically endangered
 















1. 



poaching 



primate poaching is widespread and common in vietnam. poachers covet the monkeys for their bones, organs and tissues, which are used in traditional medicines. the essential reason for the immense volume of wildlife in the illegal trade and the dramatic decline of wild animal populations – not only primates – results from an ineffective, unmotivated and apathetic enforcement of existing laws.
















2. 



habitat destruction &  fragmentation 



deforestation of natural forests in vietnam is proceeding at an alarming rate, and even though forested areas in general increase through reforestation it is predominantly as monoculture plantations. a large number of protected areas are very small or fragmented, and are therefore highly vulnerable to anthropogenic impacts. 




































eprc on instagram 









happy international gibbon day 2024!
———-
(s


 





run for wildlife: wild run 2024 in wroclaw, poland






'home' – eprc 30th anniversary movie
'wherever lov
 





happy halloween
"fruit slice bat" for our gibbons.


 





our pretty gibbon lo lem recently gave birth to a 






happy independence day of vietnam!
on this day 78 






here are the answers to the previous post:
1. red-






photo of some baby at eprc
let's try to guess who 






if you saw a cute douc in the previous post, then 






#notapet 
baby langur carrot after rescued, is now
 





recently: eprc received a 7-month-old baby langur 
 





health check on hatinh langur ech today.
some inju


 


 




follow us























eprc on facebook 







endangered primate rescue center, vietnam
 

 4 months ago  







				happy international gibbon day 2024!———-(source: iucn gibbon group)did you know that gibbons, like humans, have hand preference?researchers investigated captive gibbons at the beijing zoo and found that they demonstrate hand preference on an individual level, but found no hand preference on a group level. this differs from humans in that 90% of humans are right-handed, while only 10% are left-handed.penglai fan (et al. 2016) tested a group of nine nomascus leucogenys for hand preference by offering food items in different containers on the floor or suspended in their enclosure to create various levels of task complexity. their results showed that gibbons displayed hand preference on an individual level that increased with task complexity!how fascinating!! oto read the full study please refer to the full article title and dol number:preliminary study on hand preference in captive northern white-cheeked gibbons (nomascus leucogenys)penglai fan et al. 2016 doi 10.1007 s10329-016-0573-8 					

… see moresee less






endangered primate rescue center, vietnam
 

 6 months ago  







				25. august…. happy international colobine day!!!  thank you to all the people  who work to protect and care for these beautiful leaf-eating monkeys on  daily base!!!chúc mừng ngày quốc tế các loài "khỉ ăn lá"!!! 					

… see moresee less




















reportwildlife crimein vietnamcallenv hotline 


















1800 1522toll-free 


















report form email 












facebook








facebook 












instagram








instagram 












youtube








youtube 









follow eprcandour primates 










(visited 109,489 times, 2 visits today)



endangered primate rescue center – vietnam established in 1993, eprc is a not for profit project dedicated to the rescue, rehabilitation, breeding, research and conservation of vietnam’s endangered and critically endangered primate species.
© endangered primate rescue center 2020

 website by minimummeans




sponsor


partner


sign up today to get news and updates from eprc.
email address: 



first name


last name





leave this field empty if you're human: 












search




↑







english				


 
vietnamese					          
english 




























