

independent living in poughkeepsie | holiday manor at woodside






























































































































































168 academy street, poughkeepsie, ny 12601 get in touch with us.(854) 768-0186


overviewapartmentslifestyle & careamenities & servicesphoto gallery & more





get in touch


schedule a tour(833) 281-1519get in touchindependent senior living in poughkeepsie, nyembrace an active, fulfilling retirement at holiday manor at woodside. your spacious, comfortable apartment is just the start – enjoy daily opportunities for socializing, entertainment and connecting with friends.see pricing & floor planson-site care optionslearn more about care optionsspecial offerreceive $500 off your rent for 3 monthswhen you sign a lease by february 28, 2025, and set up online payments through atria express pay.*schedule a touraward-winning senior livingholiday manor at woodside is consistently recognized for its commitment to excellence.quality is all-inclusive.holiday by atria offers services and amenities designed to simplify your life and enhance your well-being. best of all, every aspect of our all-inclusive lifestyle is backed by industry-leading quality standards and more than 50 years of experience.what sets holiday manor at woodside apartwalking pathslined with maintained green spaces, benches, water features and moreactivity roomspace for neighbors to connect through engaging activities such as creative writing and art classeslight linen servicehelpful staff changes, cleans and delivers residents’ bedding and towels weeklyhave questions about senior living?call a senior living advisor to get all your questions answered today!(854) 768-0186senior apartments availability and pricingchoose from a selection of private senior residences. here, you can explore available floor plans, view the monthly rental rates and schedule a tour of your preferred apartment.select apartments only; subject to terms and conditions.  availability of a specific apartment cannot be guaranteed prior to the time you make a deposit. independent and assisted/supportive rental rates do not include care or medication management services and may exclude phone, cable or internet.view all apartmentsservices & amenitiesfrom warm, inviting spaces to housekeeping service, holiday gives residents everything they need to enjoy a carefree retirement.view the full listdininghealthy is also delicious at holiday. freshly prepared, flavorful meals are served three times daily, always with a side of warm conversation.view a sample menuengage life® eventsa good life is an active, socially connected one. at holiday, residents can choose from a variety of activities designed to bring people together.see a sample calendarcare services available through third-party providersresidents who need support now – or in the future – can receive services in the comfort of their community through third-party care providers who lease space in holiday communities. or, they can stick with caregivers they know and trust.

see care optionssee what our customers are saying0 star rating out of 0 total reviewsloading cost calculatorexplore the neighborhoodspend the morning pampering yourself at hand and stone massage and facial spa. afterward, enjoy a delicious meal with friends at essie’s restaurant or brasserie 292. find a local congregation of your choice at christian life church or tabernacle baptist church. enjoy a stroll with neighbors at pershing avenue park or crestwood park. if needed, find medical care at nuvance health vassar brothers medical. experience a fulfilling lifestyle at holiday manor at woodside independent living community.want to know more? let us help.all fields marked with * are requiredfirst name*first name is requiredlast name*last name is requiredemail address*error: please enter your email address using the following format: example@domain.com. phone number*error: please enter your 10 digit phone number.date (optional)--:-- --9:00 am9:30 am10:00 am10:30 am11:00 am11:30 am12:00 pm12:30 pm1:00 pm1:30 pm2:00 pm2:30 pm3:00 pm3:30 pm4:00 pm4:30 pmtime (optional)select your preferred method of contact: text call email yes, i would like to receive newsletters and marketing emailssubmit requestby selecting “text” you consent to receive marketing text messages from holiday at the number you have provided above. message and data rates may apply. message frequency may vary. consent is not required for the purchase of any goods or services. text stop to opt out. for details, please see our privacy policy. this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.featured communities*offer valid for new, first-time residents only. residency agreements and terms apply. not valid with any other offers. offer expires february 28, 2025.
*offer may vary by location.get the latest news from holidayyour emailplease enter your emailplease enter your email in the following format: youremail@xyz.comsubscribethere's a holiday by atria retirement community nearbyalabamaarizonaarkansascaliforniaconnecticutfloridageorgiahawaiiillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemassachusettsmichiganmississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew yorknorth carolinaohiooregonpennsylvaniasouth carolinatennesseetexasutahvirginiawashingtonwisconsin168 academy street, poughkeepsie, ny 12601(854) 768-0186community infooverviewapartmentslifestyle & careamenities & serviceseventsphoto gallerylife at holidaythe holiday communitycommunity featuresservices & amenitiesdining at holidayevents & activitiessafety & wellnesscarequality assurancepetsexplore senior livingsenior living servicescomparing optionsfinancial planningmoving vs. stayingsupporting older adultsfaqsresourcesretirement guideretirement livingsenior health and wellnesssupporting your senior parentfinancial planning for seniorsthe holiday differencevideo galleryour companycareerscontact usnews and mediapay online








terms of useprivacy policyconsumer health data privacy policycontact policyunsubscribeaccessibilityaccommodationsupdate cookie preferencesdo not sell or share my personal information© 2025 holiday by atria








if you are vision-impaired or have another impairment and you wish to discuss potential accommodations related to using this website, please contact us at  accessibility@atriaseniorliving.com
