




















big beat productions


  categoriesâ â â â â 
                   tributes comedy singers bands latin about usâ â â â â  bookingâ â â â â  homeâ â â â â      big beat productions, inc. established in 1986 as one of the premier talent agencies in the industry, we provide all types of entertainment from local and regional acts, to the biggest names in the entertainment business.
                we look forward to supplying you with the best entertainment for your next event!      entertainment 
        since 1986 we have been representing hundreds of performers and groups all over the world. our rosters include a variety of authentic  tribute bands,  top touring comedians, sensational singers and some of the best latin and american  show bands.

        big beat productions, inc entertainment showcases and performers have been seen on all of the major television networks including nbc, abc, cbs and fox as well as other popular stations such as mtv, vh-1, hbo, a & e, showtime, e! - entertainment network and comedy central. you will also find them appearing regularly in concerts, casinos, cruise lines and in private and corporate events around the globe. 

        please note that the rosters that are listed on this site contain only a portion of the entertainers that we can supply to you. if you are interested in an act, band, or a celebrity that does not appear on our rosters,  feel free to contact one of our agents today!   our services  big beat productions, inc is your one-stop source for all of your entertainment needs.
        
        since 1986, we have provided high quality entertainment, and as one of the biggest names in the industry, we continue our dedication to excellence.
        
        all of us at big beat productions, inc would like to thank you for your continued support and confidence. we welcome the opportunity to discuss any of your upcoming events... and providing you with our world class service. we are committed to your total satisfaction!
           corporate headquarters big beat productions, inc.
                    1515 university drive, suite 106
                    coral springs, fl 33071, usa o. 954.755.7759 f. 954.755.8733 talent@bigbeatproductions.com www.bigbeatproductions.com ta 48  home booking about us follow us!       â© 2025 big beat productions, inc. all rights reservedâ     




