





rb racing










 











 






 




  



the best 2-1 harley-davidson exhausts, the most
          powerful turbos

200hp street 95 inch
          turbos...at 13 psi. daily drivers. turbos












            for big twins since 1980. 25 psi capable. 


lsr 2-1 designs: our 47th year...racing, street,
          touring

for harley davidson big twins, v-rods and evo
          sportsters:
since the mid 1970's
          we have been constantly involved in racing



























            activities. if you check around you will find that few,
          if any, exhaust manufacturers have been actively involved in
          organized competition themselves, one of which is rb racing
          and of course vance & hines... road racing, drag racing,
          endurance racing and land speed racing. 

this is not a plumbing
          exercise. we build 2-1 exhausts which come in two different
          primary tube sizes in five major product ranges and three
          different finishes...totaling over 450 part numbers as far
          back as shovelheads (fl, fx & rigids). no stupid
          megaphones, no stupid discs, no ghost pipes, and no fluted
          billet butt plugs.

1 3/4" and 2" primary
          tubes. specialized port designs for s&s sa b1/b2 and b3
          cylinder heads as well as t143 and  evo 145" (1" taller).
          customs like big dogs, rsd transmissions, and confederate hell
          cats are also fixtured for.


lsr 2-1 exhaust systems  (note: we build to order)
e-mail or call questions about fitment 

https://www.rbracing-rsr.com/contact.htm

310 515 5720






general information 

made to order: we offer
          over 450 part numbers in three different finishes, including
          different finishes for the heat shields which are,
          necessarily, priced separately. in addition, most exhaust
          systems are available in both  1 3/4" and 2" primary tube
          diameters and in five different product ranges. we cover
          everything from shovelheads to obsolete clone bikes as well as
          odd-ball requests like 145 inch rsd customs. as for different
          cylinder heads: oem, std, s&s b1, s&s b2 (4 bolt &
          2 bolt), s&s b3(2 bolt) and others are tooled for. it does
          get complicated. there is no way to pre-configure and stock
          all these variations which is why we build to order and why we
          cannot offer same day shipping.
all systems (save the
          s&s b1/b2/b3 heads) require:

00-1000
billet



























                gaskets (2) evo/tc 88 $9.95
                00-1001 exhaust nuts (4) evo/tc 88 $3.00
                00-1002 m8/twin cam/evo/evo sportster, machined from
                billet, steel 2 bolt flange and clips (set: 2 flanges, 2
                clips); chrome $37.95
heat



























              shields are priced separately.

orders and payment: you
          can order at anytime online 24/7,
          or call. if there are any questions about the order we will
          call you to confirm specific details such as year and model
          number as well as details like oxygen sensor type, wider
          tires, master cylinder location custom frames and the like.
          you must provide credit card details at the time of order
          either on our secure ssl online order
            form or when you call. you will be charged when the
          exhaust goes to outside finishing as this locks your custom
          order into a chrome, silver ceramic or black dual coat ceramic
          finish. as all orders are custom they must be paid for at that
          time. it takes typically 10-14 working days to schedule and
          make the part and then  the parts are grouped and taken
          for outside finishing.

e-mails to rb racing
          saying you want something is not an actual order. either order
        online 24/7 or call in your order. all private parties and
          independent shops must provide credit card information at the
          time of the order. franchised harley-davidson dealers can
          provide credit card details at the time of shipment. best to
          call in your order as people generally leave off details about
          their bike that could cause conflicts,

shipping costs: paid
          separately via credit card at time of shipment, typically two
          weeks after parts have been sent for finishing. we do not know
          actual costs until the part is in the box, packed, sealed, and
          run through the fedex system for the shipping and insurance
          amount. prices vary due to weight, box dimensions, and
          destination. in general, shipping within the continental
          united states (not alaska and hawaii) via fedex ground runs
          $50.00 to $90.00 depending on the size and weight of the box.
          we only ship postal to canada due to issues related to payment
          of customs duties, which runs about $150.00 us. we deliver the
          boxes to fedex and the us post office once a day. 

overseas: fedex
          economy air door to door delivery (great rates system). we
          have to negotiate for the best day/rate which runs $250.00 or
          more. some foreign locations can be shipped us postal air for
          the mid $150.00 range. some foreign customers have freight
          forwarders and or their own fedex account. we do not ship ups.

order status: we get
          lots of phone calls asking for "order status"...this just
          slows the process down. people politely ask "how is it
          going"...in reality they just want their parts "now".
          politeness tends to fade quickly with some people. these days
          with smart phones in everyone's hands, we get bombarded with
          "order status" e-mails when people have a mental moment of
          boredom in their screen-filled days. 

your parts can be in
          fabrication, in post-polishing or can be scattered in three
          different directions at once like chromers, coaters, or in
          final assembly. we only can give a realistic estimate of
          completion i.e. shipping when all the parts sent for outside
          finishing. typically, when parts return from outside
          finishing, they are shipped in that week or the beginning of
          the next week as we have to gather up all the hardware and put
          the parts back together in the same order they were made
          including heat shields and specialized mounting systems.

note: all parts of our
          exhaust systems, including heat shields, are serialized for
          order and part numbers. this way we know who ordered the
          system, when it was sold, and what the part was made for. we
          keep a data base on all orders with complete details about the
          part when it was originally shipped.


five harley davidson
          lsr 2-1 product ranges
(1): lsr 2-1 black hole:
              

          quieter black hole design. for sound issues: standard with
          00-1416 quiet baffle.
          only quiet high performance design on the market.
 
e-mail or call questions about fitment 

https://www.rbracing-rsr.com/contact.htm

310 515  5720





 
customer writes: "
          here is a photo of my new 00-1409 black hole pipe on my 2018
          heritage milwaukee 8 flhcs 114. the fit and finish is perfect.
          it sounds incredible and the bike feels quicker through the
          gears. thank you for the incredible pipe. i've posted a few
          pics on the harley forum too. this is my second pipe from you
          guys, another satisfied customer. steve"

          00-1409 new m-8 softail heritage. the best milwaukee-8 exhaust
          for performance and sound attenuation.


black hole 153hp/149tq 

customer writes: " i
          have a 11.5 c.r. 124 with ported 110 heads, s&s 640g cams,
          bored s&s g carb.....attached is the dyno sheet. is this
          tq curve normal for the  2" primary blackhole pipe? the
          welds and the chrome are second to none! i am absolutely
          satisfied with the fit, finish, and sound of the blackhole!
          153hp/149tq and i can hear the radio and have a conversation
          with the girlfriend.
ps: i also have your
          swingarm mod done-----work of
          art!!!! thank you guys for the great products. dave"

customer writes:
          "here is a photo of my 2015 cvo road glide with your (00-1236)
          lsr 2-1, black hole 1 ¾-inch exhaust system installed.
 
 so far, the bike is a stock 110 cvo but i am
          contemplating changing to se 585 cams this winter for
          additional torque and horsepower. i rode with the original
          screaming eagle exhaust for the first 450 miles but the bike
          felt severely restricted and was way too quiet. i could also
          feel that it was straining to get up to the higher rpm range.
          that’s when i received and installed your system and what a
          difference it made. i could immediately feel the benefits of a
          free flowing exhaust. not only was the power and torque
          greatly increased but it’s a lot quicker to accelerate to
          through the rpm ranges. 

          the benefits in sound quality were also astounding. i can
          still cruise through populated areas while generating a very
          reasonable high performance sound and avoid making the man
          cranky but when it’s time to pour the coal to it, you exhaust
          will also make the bike sound like a fire breathing dragon and
          holy shit it is fast.
  
 as with the black hole system i had on my 2013
          road glide custom the folks i ride with like the quality of
          the sound and comment it’s not too loud and can even be
          amazingly quiet when i need it to be. as always, the fit and
          finish is perfect and with 6,000 miles on the bike now the
          chrome is still flawless and the system looks better than the
          original or the other aftermarket exhausts out there. i would
          recommend your lsr 2-1 black hole system to anyone who wants
          high performance and a very good quality sound without being
          obnoxiously loud.
  
 thanks for producing a really great exhaust
          system and an excellent american made product. ray"


(2): lsr 2-1 pro
                        stock spyder:

 15
          degree merge collector race system for big inch built
          motors.   
          for those who want pipe to go to end of bags

standard or optional quieter
            baffle.
e-mail or call questions about fitment 

https://www.rbracing-rsr.com/contact.htm

310 515 5720




the milwaukee-8 is a taller,
        heavier engine with the o2 sensors moved upstream, closer to
        where they should have been. earlier lsr 2-1 designs will not
        fit this motor. we supply a different saddlebag mount system for
        our under the bag designs like the pro stock spyder and black
        hole. all systems also have a three point laser-cut mount off of
        the transmission. 

        customer writes: " i wanted to let you know that the improvement
        on my bike with your pipe is so substantial i am still at a loss
        for words to describe it.  we put it on while i was
        visiting my family for the holidays, so i have only had it on
        for the last two weeks, but i must say that this pipe is
        probably the best modification i have made to the bike.  

        it allows my bike to really open up right off the line and carry
        all they way through the top end.  the power that i have
        now is something i didn't know was available with everything
        that was done to my bike. i have the stage 4 114" kit on the
        bike and your pipe really let me open it up to a new
        level.  when i am asked by my friends the only response i
        can give them is that i will never have another pipe on any
        motorcycle i own again.  

        thank you for your help with everything, and the amazing work
        that you do.  steve s".

the best milwaukee-8 exhaust for high performance
          motors with sound attenuation.



customer writes:" here
          is a photo of my 2001 heritage softail with your (00-1371) pro
          stock spyder 1 ¾, c style with 3 shields. the bike is a 95
          cid, with se 204 cams, branch o’keefe pt heads, one tooth
          added to the tranny sprocket then tuned with tts mastertune. i
          kept the torque and horsepower events in the low to mid rpm
          range and settled on a compression ratio below 9.8 because i
          ride 100 miles every day on open country roads using 91-octane
          pump gas. 

i have taken your
          advice on several products and they have all worked very well
          for me but i believe the pro stock spyder is what pulled
          everything together to achieve impressive gains in performance
          and produce a far better sound. i have 67,000 miles on the
          bike including the last 5,000 with your pipes so i can tell
          you with confidence the changes in performance due to the pro
          stock spyder were very evident particularly when hitting it
          hard on open road.
           
          as always, the fit and finish was perfect, the slip joint,
          billet gaskets, and special nuts made the system easy to
          install, and it looks way better than the other exhausts i
          have seen. i am very satisfied that i bought your exhaust
          system and i recommend them to anyone who values performance
          and good looks.
           
          thank you for building a truly excellent american made
          product."

customer writes:" here
          is pic of simply the best exhaust system ever installed on my
          custom bike. lsr pro stock spyder 2-1, 2" black ceramic w/
          black heat shields. my bike is a lowered 1998 fhl ultra
          classic, it had a 80" evo fuel injected, but was replaced by
          s&s 113" evo carburated. install and pipe finish
          excellent. little louder then stock at idle. pipe makes bike
          rev out quickly through all gears, & therefore makes gear
          shifting much quicker now. good thing bike has avon tires or
          would break loose.  

quiet enough to listen
          to stereo at hi-way speeds & acceptable through town with
          moderate throttle use. the midrange and top end passing power
          is incredible. this thing just pulls, and pulls, with simple
          roll on throttle in 5th gear. but drop a gear at hi-way
          speeds, hammer throttle open. hang the " fuck on ", hits 190
          km in seconds, plenty of power to pass anything on road in
          front of you and very quickly. bike gets average 39 miles /
          gallon at 70 mph. i've tried other pipes on this motor, they
          were just pipes. this is a complete exhaust








          system.                          



























          

thank you rb racing
          for a excellent harley exhaust system. from one happy canadian customer.

 p.s. made call
          before order, was in stock, took approx 3/4 weeks to get.
          worth the wait period .....!!!!!"


(3): lsr 2-1 turn out / slash
                        cut:
 
 
 the
            standard for 2-1 high performance street systems
          for over 47 years. proven design. 
          no stupid megaphones, no fluted aluminum butt plugs. welded in
          baffle.
          chrome, silver ceramic or dual coat black ceramic

e-mail or call questions about fitment 

https://www.rbracing-rsr.com/contact.htm

310 515 5720


00-1406 new m-8
          softail sport glide. we use 2" primaries on all milwaukee 8
          exhausts. the best milwaukee-8 exhaust
          for high output street performance. 130 hp with tts cam.


customer writes:
          "just wanted to drop you folks a line and tell you how
          thrilled i am with my new lsr 2-1.  boy, what an
          upgrade.  never mind the looks which are spectacular but
          the engine roars like a tiger. my bike has a stock 96 with a
          dynojet powervision with the wide band module.  other
          than the lsr 2-1 i’ve added an arlen ness big sucker air
          cleaner.
  
 i started with a fuelmoto tune based on their
          2-1 pipes with se air cleaner.  after three auto-tune
          runs, the bike runs like it never did before.  looking at
          the ve tables you can see the increases all over the map.
          henry". 00-1122 turn out in chrome rotated 45 with three heat
          shields."


(4): lsr 2-1 pro stock:

e-mail or call questions about fitment 

https://www.rbracing-rsr.com/contact.htm

310 515 5720



15 degree merge
          collector in pure race system. multiple championship winner. 
          available in standard length, 00-1306 challenge (shorter), and
          00-1306r (resonator) 
          versions. 
          optional 00-1417 welded in baffle. optimum design for all-out
          performance.

00-1306 challenge 128cid: 180hp; 204 ft/lbs torque




 customer writes: "here's a photo of the bike...
            i'm very happy with the pipes and performance. recently had
            the128 kit installed. regards, jason".

 



 

 00-1306 2" pro
            stock challenge for the new m-8 softail. finished in dual
            coat ceramic black with three heat shields.
 



























          
m8 117" softail 135hp.
          00-1408 lsr 2-1 pro stock in dual coat black ceramic with
          three heat shields. being converted to 127 cid for more hp.



00-1306 challenge in 2" for right
        side drive.


customer
writes:



























            "attached are
            pictures of my 2008 fxcwc (rocker) with your pipes on
            it.  the engine is a se120rx which produced 146 hp.
            like you give a shit!! thanks, butch". 00-1306 pro stock
            challenge with 2" primaries.
new 00-1306r (resonator)
          exhausts...less bark than the 00-1306




pictured above is our lsr 2-1 pro
        stock 00-1306r for a twin cam
            dresser. customers are making 180 or more horsepower and
            200+ ft/lbs of torque with our lsr 2-1 pro stock
            systems...which are wide open with no baffle. 
 
 we offer
            the new  "r"



























            version
with



























                a 4" diameter, welded-on, resonator
                tail section that has a straight
                2.5" through by-pass.  this will knock some
                decibels off so you can be sort of socially acceptable.
              
 
 note: all
                "00-1306 pro stock challenge" models do not have any
                baffle as inserting anything into the 2.5" tail section
                will hurt performance. the 00-1306r model
                    should be ordered for a noise db reduction with no
                    hindrance in performance.
 
 the
                resonator section can be in stainless as pictured above
                or in the ceramic silver or dual coat ceramic
                black....in picture above the straw-colored stainless
                resonator is as it comes out of the 600f oven for the
                third time during the dual coat black ceramic process.
 
 all
                00-1306r systems



























                    are only available in ceramic and not in chrome
                    finishes. the three optional heat shields (f / r /
                    collector) can be in chrome,  or in black
                    ceramic.


2020 m8 softail low rider s 
              00-1306r
 


 
 customer writes: "i was very surprised by the sound
          level of the pipe. i have owned a lsr 2-1 00-1306 (no
          resonator) on a prepped twin-cam 110ci, and i must say this
          new pipe is incredibly quiet even though i run it on a 128cid
          with 11:1 compression. dare i say « too quiet ? » ;-)

          as i am used to laf pipes, i was almost disappointed when
          firing the engine. but after a few miles running the bike i
          must say the sound level is just great.
          tone is very deep, and it will bark but won’t kill your drums
          when you open wide.

          by the way, my neighbors thank you…

          performance-wise, the pipe seems really excellent, but i guess
          you need no feedback on this point !

          i was aiming with this build 150-155hp. engine is already
          shooting 170hp with a partial tune. midrange torque is
          unbelievable. 
          ill be back with more precise figures as the bike gets fully
          tuned.

          best nicolas."

(5): lsr 2-1 pro
                      stock challege racecat:
 
merge
collector



























          in pure race system with a catalytic converter and baffle. not
          quiet but cat friendly.

e-mail or call questions about fitment 

https://www.rbracing-rsr.com/contact.htm

310 515 5720





a pure lsr 2-1 pro
          stock challenge pipe but with a racing catalytic converter
          rated at about 450 cfm i.e. 300hp flow rate.

here a  110 cvo
          road glide with a 1306rc lsr 2-1 racecat in dual coat black
          finish with chrome heat shields. replacing a rineheart xtreme
          dual system the customer was less than pleased with. nice
          tone. pure race system.
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________


 
milwaukee-8
            softail lsr 2-1's in production...(14+ models)




shown above is the 00-1306 lsr
            2-1 pro stock challenge on the 2018 flsb. m-8 softail pipes
            do not use the same rear primary tube design as our m-8
            dresser exhaust systems. softail pipes are frame mounted. no
            oem brackets are used. these systems have been making 135+
            hp on m-8's.

            specific fixtures for the forward control and mid peg
            models. no need to buy a $300.00 foot peg kit if you have a
            m8 softail mid peg model.


m8 softail slash cut
                00-1406








 new milwaukee 8 softail mounts for lsr
              2-1 exhausts. we have mounts made up for the full range of
              lsr 2-1 exhausts: pro stock, pro stock challenge, lsr turn
              outs and slash cuts, pro stock spyders and black hole
              designs. if you add oem flhc or flsb saddle bags to other
              m8 softails we include an additional mount kit for these.

 




            new m-8 softails are available in our full product range.
            prices on our part numbers page.

            00-1405:  lsr 2-1 turn out (specify out or 45 degree
            rotation)
            00-1406:  lsr 2-1 slash cut (specify slash out or down)
            00-1407:  lsr 2-1 slash cut +5" (specify slash out or
            down)
            00-1408:  lsr 2-1 pro stock  
            00-1306:  lsr 2-1 pro stock challenge
            00-1409:  lsr 2-1 black hole
            00-1410:  lsr 2-1 pro stock spyder

            all have milwaukee 8 softail systems have 2 primary tubes
            with both 12mm and 18mm oxygen sensor ports.

            we supply laser cut powder coated mounting brackets for both
            saddlebag and non-saddlebag models.  

note: heat



























              shields can be in any of three finishes and are
            ordered separately

            no stock oem exhaust mounts are used. billet
flanges



























              and clips, billet gaskets and extra mil-spec exhaust
            nuts are required.



 indian chief exhausts




new lsr 2-1 pro stock spyder exhausts for the 111 and
                                                          116 indian
                                                          chief
                                                          motorcycles.
                                                          designed to
                                                          maximize
                                                          torque and
                                                          power and
                                                          provide cooler
                                                          running with
                                                          ceramic
                                                          finishes. we
                                                          waited about 4
                                                          years before
                                                          we started on
                                                          the new indian
                                                          big twins.
                                                          they are not
                                                          an easy
                                                          exhaust to
                                                          make...we did
                                                          make it as
                                                          perfect as
                                                          possible with
                                                          not compromise
                                                          on torque or
                                                          horsepower and
                                                          made an extra
                                                          effort to
                                                          optimize the
                                                          sound quality.
                                                          they have been
                                                          well received
                                                          by indian
                                                          owners. we
                                                          only do these
                                                          in ceramic
                                                          finishes.

                                                          one very well
                                                          known exhaust
                                                          manufacturer
                                                          said there
                                                          were not
                                                          enough of them
                                                          to warrant
                                                          production of
                                                          full systems.

                                                          we don't make
                                                          a lot of them
                                                          but we do make
                                                          the best ones.





the bonneville bullett..salt
          flats 2008 to 2017


building the bonneville bike, the
          bonneville bullett, started in 1992.  we have provided a chronology 
          that shows what happens over a 50 year period to go from an
          idea planted in youth, through the usual messiness called life
          and the culmination of a dream many decades later after a long
          bumpy ride. 

our involvement ended in 2017 after
          12 years of financing the effort all the way from a rusted
          frame with rotted tires to the finished product and a 200 mph
          record you see here. people eventually show their ugly
          side...it always works out that way. we moved on. mission
          accomplished.
having a high-end camera does not
          make you a photographer if you get the jest of it. 

mike
            hailwood's birthday 2 april 1940




ultimate fxr

take a
            perfectly good fxr cvo2, change it around a few times and
            then decide to start all over and add 300hp... from the bare
            frame up and nothing stays the same.

real world tuning...as you ride

  


 
customer writes:
          "when the gauge arrived i knew it would be of a very high
          quality, it has far surpassed my expectations. i was very
          eager to get this installed and take a look at my tune. 
          amazing to see how little adjustments on the carb effect the
          afr. as a result of this gauge, i have dropped one size on the
          low speed jet, raised the clip on notch and confirmed the main
          jet on my mik48. thank you, i really like this gauge. ed"
 

          "just wanted to follow up with you. this afr gauge is a game
          changer. i think the tune on this bike is just about perfect,
          or as perfect as a one can get with a carb. i have every
          needle, main and idle jet available for the mik48 and think i
          used everyone of them chasing the tune. now with everything
          dialed in, warm idle will flicker between the orange and red
          light, cruise is at the left orange light and hard
          acceleration toggles between last orange and first red. plugs
          look terrific, bike starts first thing in the morning without
          any choke, while riding around town the lights are relatively
          stable, some moving around but not much. again, i couldn’t be
          happier with how this gauge works. 

          i am building a 124” tc to put into another fxr that i am
          building. this gauge is already on
          the build list, can’t imagine not having this gauge on any of
          my bikes.thanks, ed."

single gauge (right
          above) for carbureted, dual gauge (left above) for fuel
          injected models.



  chain drive  twin cam, &
          m8 swingarms

"draggin
          baggers"...big engines, nitrous, forced induction, wheelies,
          custom wheels, lowered....what's the world coming to? 
          900 lb couches with cup holders and stereo systems. go figure.
          also for fxr's and m8 softails.



got
          salt?...bonneville

bonnevile salt flats:
          2014 and 2015 scta-bni events cancelled due to poor salt
          conditions. later events like in 2017 were very poor with
          rough salt and thin salt. does not look good for the future.
          millions of dollars have been sent by competitors and untold
          thousands of hours of fabrication and planning.. bring your
          own salt....maybe 200 million tons of it.
1972 car and driver
            article prediction the demise of the salt falts and the
          reason why.



john stein
          author...drag racing collectors and documentarian


john stein, the author
          of these two motorcycle books, stopped by rb racing to talk
          about racing, mutual acquaintances and to sell books. now john
          could have written a romance novel, a book about adolescent
          wizards or even a nouvelle cuisine tome and made more money.
          unfortunately for him and, fortunately for all of us, john
          took the time and effort to document a past that is slipping
          away all too fast by interviewing those left alive from the
          1950's, 60's and till present to get the rare photos and
          background color before, as they say...the dust turns to dust.
          

mindless shopping
          malls have chewed up the dragstrips and these days people
          twitter and facebook away instead of getting drunk, raising
          hell, turning wrenches and manning welding torches. instead of
          making things, people just buy things...that's the downfall of
          everything.
everyday is a
          beginning of the good old days for each new generation. there
          are pioneers however... people who rolled the dice in a game
          that had no payout and the road was hard and untraveled.
          obsessions go on for decades. john stein is obsessed and we
          thank him for his efforts. sixty plus years of drag racing and
          highly-documented (plus dvd) bonneville streamliner saga.


a video of john
          wheeling the famous clem johnson vincent "barn job" into his
          living room is worth a watch on youtube.
          the question for all of us is..."would your significant other
          let you keep drag racing motorcycles in the living room?". tv
          sucks these days and the faint smell of nitro, bean oil and
          sculpted metal trumps sitcoms, and endless viagra commercials.
          

as they say nitro is
          for racing and gasoline is for washing parts. reality is made,
          not bought. appreciate it. john has done a great job of
          documenting the golden era of motorcycle drag racing in his
          book.

order them from john.
          read them, then decide if you want to make history yourself. 

john
stein's



























                    5 year labor of love

 



 
 
john stein sent us his new
        documentary ""quarter milestones: a history of motorcycle drag
        racing", a one hour journey from the early days of street racing
        in the post ww2 era to present day. john knew that many of the
        early pioneers had either passed away or, if still kicking, he
        needed to get the interviews and the back stories documented
        before it was too late. john went on a five year journey all
        over the country to interview the racers, tuners, fabricators
        and event organizers to nail down their exploits before it all
        disappeared into the ether.

        the fire in their souls, the innovation, the creativity, and the
        fierce determination is all in full view in john's documentary.
        it's a period in time that cannot be duplicated which is fully
        explained by drag racing legend terry vance and master
        fabricator sandy kosman. if you are old enough to have seen the
        barn job run or the doubles, triples, and russ collin's v8
        sorcerer you have to have this film.

        here photographed on a copper-topped tig welding table where go
        fast parts are still made from scratch.

        order your copy from john at gearhead



























          publishing and follow john stein on facebook.
russ collins passes
          away

we first met russ
          collins in 1974 and russ took us out to the shop floor of his
          business on main street in gardena to sit on his triple, the
          "atchison topeka and santa fe" pictured above. fast forward to
          1977 and russ sponsored our bol d'or kawasakis z-1's in the
          form of hard race parts...cams, pistons etc. he told his
          general manager terry vance to give us "whatever we wanted". 

when the race was over
          with we repaid russ by prototyping his honda cbx 6-2 exhausts
          as well as his xs yamaha three and four cylinder exhausts as
          no one in his shop really wanted to do it. we hot-wired his
          personal "rcbx" license plate cbx and ran it about 2000
          miles...russ grimaced at that one. he would have done the
          same.



in the early 1980's
          russ decided to expand his operation as he was selling about
          2500 exhaust systems a month and terry vance and byron hines,
          his employees, were winning pro stock. russ invited us to see
          his new 45,000 square foot building one friday...he had put in
          full custom bar in his office and was full of enthusiasm for
          the chance he was taking on a major expansion. come monday and
          terry and bryon were gone along with roger mcphail (sales) as
          well as other key personnel. vance and hines was born the next
          week. they took suzuki's pro stock sponsorship money with
          them.
russ innovated drag
          racing and took it to a new level. white leathers and
          showmanship. doubles, triples, rear engine, v8's, supercharged
          4 cylinders, 4-1 exhausts, cobra motors, weber carbs, aluminum
          golden rods, zoomie nitro headers, hilborn injectors, magnetos
          and the victory cigar. vance and hines learned while working
          for russ and took the model on the road for themselves. russ
          once went through the lights at about 170 mph without a
          motorcycle, ended up in a wheelchair, and then climbed on his
          v8 sorcerer. the rest is history as they say.

russ went on to gain
          world-class status with his fuel injector business and was the
          first to put in advanced testing and flow equipment for both
          fuel injectors and fuel pumps. russ closed down his motorcycle
          operation and kept his hand in racing by driving bill
            miller's top fuel dragster. russ was always a racer
          first and businessman second. he retired a number of years ago
          to palm springs where he played golf everyday. 

russ passed away
          during a trip to hawaii...not in an assisted living facility
          or a wheelchair. he was 74. cancer
          finally got him but no one got him at the xmas tree. he was
          called "the assassin" for good reason. a nice guy and
          technically very, very, smart. glad we knew him.

.

46 years later..rvn
          1967 to 2013...196 mph bonneville record



bob bennett is a long time
          bonneville competitor, holds a number of records, is knocking
          on the door on a 200 mph record, and has the distinction of
          having his name engraved on the viet nam memorial wall as kia
          even though he is quite alive. in 2013 bob has dedicated his
          new record to the 32 men who died in his unit.. alpha company.


bob hit a peak speed
          203 mph with his normally aspirated 1650cc class sportster.
          the gps speedo's first red
          light illuminates at exactly 200 mph with the digital
          display's memory displaying the exact peak mph reached during
          the run. bob hit 203 mph without a turbo or supercharger.

 





bob writes: "attached are a few pictures
          of my bike at speed week last year. the tail section has the
          32 names of the men in my company that were kia in 1967. the
          bike number 3399 represents 3rd bat 39th inf. 9th ind div. bob
          bennett"


 

 




they say adrenaline
          sears major events in your memory that makes them so clear you
          relive them over and over again. as you get older the short
          term day to day crap gets less important and fades quickly.
          bob returned to viet nam recently to retrace his path and to
          pay honor, by way of remembrance, to those who were with him
          that died. 

bob got rained out in
          2014 as both speedweek and the world finals were cancelled.
          he'll be back after missing the better conditions at 2018
          speedweek as he was involved with a move to a different state.
          in 2019 conditions were terrible. he'll be ready if the salt
          is. the salt is only a thin crust these days.
bob returned in 2020
          and set a record @197 mph.

there are a lot of
          vets at bonneville.  as opposed to bob bennett and other
          vets, there are others like henry louie below.


our 1990's suzuki
          bonneville bikes: postscript: henry ensign louie



we met henry louie via
          luftmeister whom we had helped to secure a 200 mph el mirage
          record on a bmw. we ended up turbocharging two suzuki gsxr
          turbos for henry..one which he paid for and one which he did
          not...so we repoed the second turbo kit. during the time we
          were around henry he claimed to be a have been naval fighter
          pilot. he also claimed to have his personal f4 phantom jet
          which he flew to st louis for lunch. he also claimed to be a
          korean war veteran flying jet aircraft in that conflict "going
          eyeball to eyeball with the enemy pilots". 

he also claimed to
          have flown the reconnaissance missions over the bridge at toko
          ri, as seen in archival footage.. when mentioned we had been
          in viet nam in military intelligence henry said he had been in
          laos and cambodia on special electronic warfare sensor
          projects. for his harley acquaintances in boise he also
          claimed to have been a harley racer and district champion in
          the late 1940's. 

henry, at various
          times, claimed to have climbed mt everest, been a marathon
          champion and, no matter what subject you brought up he had
          done it either better, way before you, or he had things which
          were more expensive or better than anything you had.
we shepherded him into
          the double two club at bonneville and el mirage in his first
          year of competition, which is pretty much unheard of. we went
          with him to the scta bonneville awards dinner where he got his
          double 200 mph recognition and jackets and he did not once
          mention rb racing. henry had to be guided...he could not even
          remember to turn on his fuel petcock or keep his gas tank full
          at bonneville...he was too busy walking around in his
          kushitani leathers playing politics and telling stories about
          himself. henry wrangled himself to become the president of the
          scta...mostly based on his speed records and his donations of
          jackets and other items.

henry ended up selling
          his suzuki dealership (del amo motorsports) and moved to boise
          to partner in big twin bmw. at his retirement we found out he
          claimed to have been a navy admiral. now, if you had risen
          through the officer ranks in the army like we had, and our
          friends had...the claim that henry had been an admiral was a
          bit too much to take so we decided to make some checks.
          admirals are north of naval captains and army colonels. we
          always knew he was a liar but we wanted to check.

we contacted the fake
          warrior project and they found no service records whatsoever
          for henry ensign louie. our harley friends at brother speed in
          boise could find no records anywhere of henry ever racing
          harleys in the late 1940's. here's a
            report from the national personnel records center

 stolen valor is a
          crime these days. henry is now in his mid to late 80's, blind
          from cataracts and in a rest home in salt lake city where he
          preaches his stories to the staff and residents of his nursing
          home. 

          addendum: henry passed away with his lies intact in 2017. some
          documents uncovered later showed he was a drafted and possibly
          served as a corporal in the army for 1 year and 11 months in
          1949-1950...no navy, no admiral, never was a pilot. just lies.
          

 
turbo twin cam:
          "trip done: 5950 miles 28 states in 9 days. bike performed
          well"

doc sweeney and his rb racing intercooled tc88 turbo
          on a marathon 28 state run. genuine pinto gas tank along for
          the ride. "and miles to go before i sleep". doc sweeney
          covered 4500 miles in the first week.."running fine". total
          5950 miles in 9 days.next up...a r1200gs bmw and off to
          alaska...all 50 states. the tc88 was shipped in from hawaii.
          all 50 states.


pectel sq6m advanced engine
            management


for our racing
          projects at bonneville and our own 360 hp road glide turbo we
          chose to use pectel cosworth sq6m
          engine controllers. these offered total control of fuel,
          spark, traction control, fly-by-wire throttle, wastegates, and
          anything you can think of. also, many things you would never
          think of. 

these went out of
          production in 2023/2024 as the mpc565 microprocessors were no
          longer in production.

great product for
          racing. steep learning curve, professional.

  

the sq6m controlled
          the electronic throttle as well as our 1000 psi water injection system
          on our 126" orca road toad and our 139" orca bonneville motor.
          id2000cc injectors.
 
sq6m simulation..before you race







here we are running tests on
          the 139" bonnevile bullett's
          programming:  6700 rpm with a soft rev cut at 6750 rpm;
          30 psi boost; 5th gear 312 mph; id2000cc injectors; 2640cc
          fuel @ 43.5 psi; 500 hp; testing wheel slip and traction
          control settings. pectel sq6m
          controller.
motorsports mil-spec wiring


we're two-wheeled,
          not four-wheeled racers and, although we've raced at lemans on two wheels, these days we
          go to the bonneville salt flats. electrical wiring and wiring
          harness problems are always major issues regarding
          reliability, so we put togther a resource for those who are
          contemplating making "mil-spec"
            wiring harnesses. the bonneville salt flats eats
          everything on your race and support vehicles.

          our high end race applications use pectel electronics and we
          have to design the wiring harnesses in-house. this involves
          documenting everything from wire specifications and color
          codes to each connector and slice point as well as having all
          the tools and supplies to get the job done. this is expensive,
          mostly time-wise,  but poor wiring will kill a race
          effort.


126 orca...building a 360 hp road glide




in case you want to
          see what it takes to build a 360hp road glide, we offer a build history of our test
          bike where we develop new products for our racing activities.
          a 360 hp couch is a good way to test what you race. we also
          get to make flt/flh chain drive swingarm conversions to hold
          the 360 hp.



 

 
rb racing: harley
          davidson and the marlboro man

we made the exhausts
          for the movie bike...actually several different sets of them
          while the movie was being planned and finally shot. the bike
          became sort of famous for some reason. we put up a bit of history of
            the affair for you to read. no money...just history as
          they say. 

we outran the police
          on this bike..interesting story.


rb racing & bob
            george...time to reflect

bob george crossed our path at a
            time in the 1980's and 90's when we were setting bonneville
            and el mirage 200 mph records with suzukis, bmws, and
            harleys. "bob george" wasn't exactly a household name and we
            were unaware of his accomplishments. we ended up getting
            involved with seriously deranged character who had a
            streamliner project who, in turn, introduced us to bob
            george. after we got rid of the relationship with this nut
            case, who worked for the us postal system and lived in his
            ford van, we became friends with bob george and found out
            about his history at bonneville.
above is pictured the record
            setting double-engined, nitro burning, shovelhead powered,
            jammer liner...designed and built by bob george. business
            partners mil blair and joe teresi sort of took over bob's
            project. mil went his way with jammer products and joe
            teresi split with control of easyriders magazine. bob george
            is third from the left. bob ended up losing the liner...and
            the recognition.

years later the same liner was
            re-skinned in aluminum and rebuilt by joe teresi of
            easyriders magazine. tech honchos like keith ruxton and
            micah mccloskey made it go. dave
              campos again was the pilot and 322 mph was the result.
            still bob george's design. 322 mph. water cooled barrels
            patented by bob george.

  

bob george built another liner on his own
            dime, the "millenium falcon", and we built the "robo-skids" for it and helped crew
            it in several trips to bonneville, again with dave campos as
            the driver. dave ended up getting a 200 mph gas record with
            it in testing and, at one point, don vesco was to ride it
            but don convinced dave to stay with the project. bob spent
            every penny he had on it and finally had to sell it.
            streamliners are a fatal disease, financially.
bob george center in the red
            shirt. kent riches (airtech...now closed) ended up with the
            chassis and shell. we kept the actual eagle cum falcon doll
            that rode with dave. it goes with us each year to
            bonneville. mike geokan ended up with a 93" engine from the
            last stages of the project and put it in his famous
            (retired) blue bike.
.

bob george 230 mph
            shovelhead


bob used to kick
            start his double engined shovelhead dragster and reel off
            145 mph quarter miles...about 40 years ago. then it went to
            bonneville with both bob george and dave campos doing the
            riding.

 
bob george's famous
            "double"...231 mph bonneville record holder in the early
            1970's with dave campos riding. this bike was fragile but
            serious. it really got dave's attention as he didn't really
            wind it out and the wind was pulling the lightweight
            fiberglass apart on his record run. bob george in the white
            hat. plywood bracing was added to keep the top of the
            windscreen from folding over at over 200 mph. bob patented
            the water cooled cylinders.

in the late 80's and early 90's
            we were running 203 mph with our high tech suzukis, 206 mph
            with our bmws, and 199mph with mike geokan's turbo harley
            and here bob george had gone 217 mph unfaired on the double
            and dave ran 231 mph with the fairing...about 20 years
            before we did it. bob "lost" the double for many years and
            when it was finally returned to him we ended up helping him
            restore it. careful examination of it made us feel pretty
            stupid and made it clear you don't adapt things for
            bonneville...you build things for bonneville. bye, bye
            suzukis...back to pushrod dinosaurs. that's why we are
            working on mike geokan's bonneville bullett...another fatal
            disease.
we were to drive bob and his ex
            wife roberta linn up to bonneville in 2010 for mike cook's
            shoot out meet but bob's health had declined and he passed
            away in his rocking chair a few months later. we once asked
            bob what the double would run if it was brought up to modern
            specs...without hesitation he said "275mph"...think about
            it. it was a honor to work with him and know him. 

leo hess has the "double" these
            days. leo also got bit big time by streamliners in a major
            crash in 2010. salt addiction. be warned.





breaking news

 
for the latest information in the
            two wheeled market read the news that will impact your
            two-wheeled lifestyle in our new breaking



























              news section. 




gps



























                speedometer

on harleys the speedometer is usually driven
              off of the transmission. if you spin the tire, change gear
              ratios, or even change tire sizes the speedometer is no
              longer accurate. then there is the issue that the
              speedometers are not designed for 250 mph or even anything
              past 120 to 160 mph. this situation is not exactly made
              for bonneville where you are running past 200 mph,
              spinning the tire, searching for traction, and putting 300
              mph goodyear land speed record tires to the test.
we figured the best way out of this was to
              equip the bonneville bullett with a gps (global
              positioning system) speedometer. when we checked around we
              found some gps units for boats but nothing made for a 250
              mph bonneville harley. the only option was to make a gps speedometer. four
              satellites will triangulate the bullett in three
              dimensional space and mike can have a dead accurate
              speedometer that never needs to be calibrated.





smokey yunick..innovator, racer and more

these days people just buy parts
            and "go racing". they argue endlessly about "this and thats"
            : which cam to run; which cylinder head specialist to use;
            or who should do this or that for your project. smokey did
            it all, and, along the way, left a trail of brilliant
            innovations and a reputation for original thinking that
            endures to this day. these days people have given up on
            learning and innovation and endlessly leaf through catalogs
            blissfully unaware of the underlying fundamentals. drop out
            of school because it's too hard and skip the school of hard
            knocks...just remember because you were born you're "due".
as time passes, rules and
            organization strangle innovation and original thinkers. run
            whatca brung philosophies are being left to street racers
            and places like bonneville. for an interesting short read on
            smokey we suggest a untold



























              stories: daytona about the early nascar days.
why go to mars when you can sit
            in front of your widescreen and watch the disney channel?
            better yet, read some unedited (not cleaned up) books on
            smokey's life.

these days people just buy parts
            agonizing as to whether they have made the right "internet
            choice" or not.

so much for first principles.

buy the damn book...or steal it if you're
            wearing tennis shoes



if you want to enjoy some history we suggest
            you purchase the three volume pocket edition set of




















            smokey yunick's chronicles of his long racing career and
            life. there aren't many original thinkers around and most of
            them don't do a damn thing. smokey was different and a
            genuine legend in american motorsport history. if you just
            happened on the scene we suggest you buy his books. it's the
            most entertaining and best investment you'll ever make.
buy the books!!!!

bonneville porting
 
whenever we do something serious
          like our 139" bonneville orca motor we defer to the experts,
          especially when we are dealing with raw, unfinished ports the
          size of a dime. branch
            o'keefe is simply the best in the business and even
          jerry branch (retired) got involved in the decision making. 

take a look at some ports that
          about 90 years cumulative experience came up with. all john
          o'keefe and jerry branch asked was what we thought the exhaust
          ports should be like in terms of flow based on our 30 years of
          turbocharger experience. we all agreed on a number and this is
          what the result was. ports for 400+ horsepower.

if you want the best cylinder head
          work for your twin cam, evo or even shovelhead contact branch o'keefe.
          that's what we do and have done since 1976 when jerry prepared
          our cylinder heads for the 24 hour endurance racers we built
          and took to the 1977 bol d'or in france. john o'keefe knows
          you don't want "down time" so he has an exchange program for
          cylinder heads. 

harley has made a lot of changes in
          their castings and it's best to go with branch o'keefe as
          differences in machining, alloys, and specifications can cause
          problems if you deal with porters who don't have the inventory
          and the experience. high zinc content can cause issues.

john does not have "homing pigeons"
          like other outfits where seats come loose, the work is sloppy,
          or cheap valves that stick or gall are installed. he treats
          every head they produce as if it was his own. sort of rare
          these days. john has a killer setup for 103" dressers.


 dual and single rsr o2
          meters
  
anodized billet mounts
          and stainless brackets are available for 1.00" and 1.250"
          handlebars. dual laser cut brackets allow mounting at the
          handlebar clamp (horizontal) or on the upward sweep of the
          handlebars.

  
for efi sequential injection our
          new rsr dual air fuel gauge
          displays the fuel mixture in both the front and rear cylinders
          separately. the gauge is housed in a hard anodized round
          enclosure in a standard 2" format with a 2.250" bezel, center
          back mount, with a 5/16" x 18 stainless socket head cap screw.
          the gauge will show fuel ratios from 17:1 to 12.0:1 (or
          richer). the gauge is visible in daylight and automatically
          dims for nighttime operation.
scale is, left to right, lean to
          rich: three greens, three yellows, two orange and two red
          l.e.d.s.
the white arrow indicates the
          maximum power mixture, the second orange light, which is
          13.2:1. transitory enrichments should not, if the engine is
          warm (>200f oil temp), go past the first red light.
          readings at the far right side of the scale, the second red
          light, are simply too rich. proper closed loop operation will
          cycle back and forth from green to orange around the center of
          the display.
it is simply the best way to
          evaluate the tune of your motorcycle and saves valuable dyno
          time. mounted permanently. waterproof.
compatible with oem narrowband
          sensors. can be supplied with new high temperature bosch
          narrowband sensors. far right photo shows gauge in dim light
          conditions at maximum power setting.



history: rb racing rsr ecus (discontinued in
          2020)




rsr fuel injections hold the records and remain
          the only competition proven closed loop systems developed
          especially for both normally aspirated as well as forced
          induction harley davidsons. there were the first to set both
          200 mph bonneville records as well as national pro gas drag
          racing championships. new ecus for
            2008 maintain the technological lead and offer new
          features. waterproof and harley-proof they cannot be killed.
only time kills things...microprocessors become
          obsolete. on to greater things.




drag racing section: over the years rb racing
          has supported top fuel


here we document carl pelletier's
            obsession with top fuel. we first met carl at bonneville in
            1985 and 1990 and were impressed when he welded up a nitrous
            damaged piston and, overnight, rebuilt a broken 5 speed
            transmission. carl got tired of working for free at
            bonneville and since those he was supporting declined any
            payment for services for the future, carl moved on to drag racing...first in pro
            dragster and then to top fuel.

carl had an open
            offer for us to tag along. we told him nitro and clutches
            were a mystery and not something we intended to try to
            understand. we changed oil between rounds, did starting line
            duties, shagged ice cream, made some parts, and bought
            supplies for the usual explosions. wild ride. e-ticket.




take a tour of what
          it takes to build a 200mph six second top fuel drag racing
          motorcycle. join carl pelletier as he puts together his
          pushrod rocketship from bare chassis through the 2002 ahdra
          season. we have posted

















            four movies of carl's progress from his maiden pass with
          the white bodywork shown above to the first season finale
          where jack romine ran a 6.95 @ 196 mph pass on the
          fully-painted competition motorcycles top fueler...and other
          movies leading to the win in bakersfield and the last race at
          las vegas.
2004: bakersfield ahdra nationals; carl
          pelletier and crew rack up their first
          overall win.





2005: death of a top fuel bike. watch the movie and see what
          happens when the rider gets blown off the bike at 208 mph.
          cracked wrist, compressed vertebrae, road rash and one
          crunched top fuel bike. more pictures have been posted in the
          top fuel section.
dance with the devil. steve came
          home alive but the competition motorcycle's bike didn't. funny
          thing about crashes...spectators love to see crashed bikes but
          other riders are afraid to look at them...superstition and
          fear hide in every racer. organizers ask you to cover up the
          wrecked bike...wonder why?
steve is home, walking around
          after two skin grafts and a two operations on his wrist. carl
          of competition motorcycles is back in boise, busy building
          race engines, and taking the fueler apart and making an
          inventory of things to do.
top fuel 2
            & nov
              2006 and 2007 update

watch carl pelletier and crew build a new high
          gear only pro fuel bike. steve is back in a new set of
          leathers after his 208 mph tumble in 2005. four slide shows
          showing everything from bare frame to first track test. las
          vegas track tests proved successful. 
kaboom!!

watch carl and crew fix this puppy. no, the valve is
          not supposed to be stuck up in the roof of the inlet port. we
          bought chromemoly to repair the frame.

top fuel las vegas 2011


follow steve heidner on the competition
            motorcycles top fuel motorcycle as he qualifies for and
          races at the nhra meet in las vegas in november 2011. 



 
vegas 2010...top
            fuel

west coast ahdra events are about
          non-existant in today's economy so, if you want to race and
          you're on the west coast, it's about 5,000 miles of driving
          before you get to the place where you can blow up your toy in
          search of a small purse. less people are willing to do this.
          no pomona, no las vegas, no bakersfield...only arizona and
          woodburn. to get the nhra interested in putting on a
          death-defying, crowd pleasing, nitro noise making addition to
          their event calendar, seventeen top fuelers were organized by
          fast lane motorcycles to show what bikers can bring to the
          equation. 
carl pelletier of competition
          motorcyles went to be part of the show and test some new
          equipment. here's some photos.

2012 las vegas top fuel harley

   

joe smith...the drag
          racing legend and three time top fuel motorcycle champion
          1971, 1974 and 1975, stopped by our pits to look at the bike
          and talk to steve heidner about what else...drag racing.
          follow the links to joe's web sites and see who paved the road
          in harley drag racing at a time when you made it all work on
          your own nickel and when you had to make everything
          yourself...single engined and double engined. joe did it all
          and won. he still loves the sport. once a champion always a
          champion.

          11 top fuel bikes showed up for the 2012 lucas oil event at
          las vegas. the nhra has expanded it's schedule for the top
          fuel harleys as they are very popular with the spectators as
          well as the car drag racers. follow steve heidner and carl
            pelletier at the event.


2013
            las vegas top fuel


breathing nitro fumes and running 6.53 and 204 mph
        carl pelletier and steve heidner are back at las vegas.only
        a few races on the west coast these days. fifteen top fuelers to
        entertain the crowd. addictions are expensive.


nhra 2015
          winternationals...harleys


six top fuel harleys
          wowed the crowd at the 2015 nhra winternationals. no points,
          just the invite to stir up interest for the crowd-pleasing top
          fuel harleys at major nhra events. competition motorcycles,
          boise idaho's top fueler. craig pelrine driving.



ray price's top fuel
          harley ran a 6.3 second 229 mph quarter mile. spectators
          swarmed the bike pits between rounds. many had never seen
          riders going 200 mph on one wheel before. the common spectator
          question in competition motorcycle's pit was "where do you
          find anyone who will ride these things?".
note: as of 2016 ray price passed away and the team
        has closed shop. another legend passes on, going out on winning
        note.














 
 
 
 
 
 

  
 
 
 

   


















