





us soccer players



















































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content 
us soccer playersthe official site of the usmnt soccer players with soccer news, schedule, statistics, players, interviews, and exclusive stories.home
players
games
news
guides
usnstpa
show searchsearch this website hide search





the us national soccer team players association
is the labor organization for the current members of the united states men’s national team, and a membership organization for alumni members of the usmnt.  the usnstpa was founded with a very simple principle, everyone appearing for their national team gets treated the same.
photo by michael pimentel – isiphotos.com




player news
updated: mckennie scores against psv, leeds wins in the championship
two assists for pulisic, sargent, zendejas, and miljevic score
coppa italia win for ac milan, leeds wins away in the championship
assist for weah in juventus win, mckenzie scores for toulouse



next games






                                  usmnt vs.
                                panama              

                3/20/2025
                
                – 7pm et                
                venue: sofi stadium
                
                tv: tbd
                              







                                  usmnt vs.
                                tbd              

                3/23/2025
                
                – tbd                
                venue: sofi stadium
                
                tv: tbd
                              







usmnt match reports
usmnt 3 – costa rica 0, international friendly
usmnt 3 – venezuela 1, international friendly
usmnt 4 – jamaica 2, concacaf nations league quarterfinal




resource center
mls in 2025
usmnt players in the 2025 liga mx clausura
beginners guide to soccer
how to get a soccer coaching license


featured players









josh sargent


              forward | 
              

              caps 27 |  goals 5            










alex zendejas


               | 
              

              caps 11 |  goals 1            









official licensees
quality products featuring your favorite players are offered by the following partners









tee shirts









soccer jerseys









soccer jerseys









fantasy football









video games









soccer scarves











soccer jerseys









wall decals









socks









trading cards









soccer jerseys









collectibles











rostersresultsfifa rankingsalumni


usmnt newsusmnt players in mlsusmnt players abroad


about us soccer playersprivacy policycontact ussponsorship and licensing








  
© 2025 usnstpa • contact • privacy policy



copyright © 2025 all rights reserved - usnstpa







this website stores data such as cookies for analytics and essential functionality.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept
reject

 

































change cookie settings







close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




3rd party cookies





 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. we do not sell any data we get using cookies – we simply store cookie information in your browser to perform functions such as recognizing you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

we use browser local storage to hide the homepage background image on repeated visits to make it easier to see new content.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







3rd party cookies

this website uses statcounter to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!












enable all
save changes

 










