






metals & materials engineers, llc – metals & materials engineers – deliver a better world


































































contact us
(678) 691-3747



office hours
m-f: 9am-5pm
 














menu              
homeabout us

in the news
services

stormwater wastewater rehabilitation water distribution system
projectscontact us 


















trusted by major municipalities: 
metals & materials engineers, llc 
 




your needs, our priority: 
metals & materials engineers, llc 
 




40+ professionals
20+ years in business 
metals & materials engineers, llc 
 




metals & materials engineers, llc: 
problem. action. resolution. satisfaction.
stormwater, water distribution, and wastewater services 
 





about usgood health starts with clean water. mme, an allclear company, has been a leader in delivering expert i&i (inflow and infiltration) solutions since 2001. specializing in advanced industrial testing, analysis, and infrastructure solutions, focusing on condition assessments, and quality control for critical underground systems. known for precision and innovation, mme proudly serves industries and municipalities in georgia and across the greater southeast region, offering unmatched expertise as part of the allclear family of companies
metals & materials engineering –  to deliver a better world
metals & materials engineers, llc have assisted municipalities, private organizations, and individual clients across the southeast. we bring decades of collective experience to every project.
experience


more than 40 professional engineers, project managers, and field crews bring their expertise to every project.


trust


major municipalities and county governments, including the city of atlanta and dekalb county, rely on us for expert maintenance of their water distribution, stormwater, and wastewater systems.


longevity


with more than two decades in operation, we assist public sector entities, private organizations, and individual clients.


featured works


allstormwaterwastewater rehabilitationwater distribution 








stormwater
sanitary sewer cctv evaluation










water distribution
large water meters










water distribution
water meter replacement and installation










water distribution
water main installation










stormwater
stormwater upgrade and repair










stormwater
stormwater system cleaning










stormwater
stanton road slope culvert repair
may 2016





our services
stormwater systems
read more


since 2001, our professional staff members have completed stormwater repair, system rehabilitation, and maintenance projects for municipalities, counties, states, and private sector entities throughout the greater southeast.
as a certified utility contractor, mme brings skilled personnel to every engagement.



water distribution systems
read more


completing projects in the public sector involves unique technical, practical, and political requirements. we understand these requirements and take them into account when performing water meter installations and upgrades and when conducting service line replacements.



wastewater rehabilitation systems
read more


we recognize that good health starts below ground with a functional wastewater system. that’s why our manhole adjustment, cleaning, and condition assessment projects include more than 120,000 manholes in georgia. we routinely perform cct pipe inspection and problem detection by smoke testing along with point repairs to deliver the right outcomes on deadline and within budget.


clientsrepresentative municipal and private clients include:


























connect now
contact us today to find out how we can help.

 









about company

your stormwater, water distribution, and wastewater systems are critical to the health and safety of your residents. the professionals at metals & materials engineers, llc bring years of expertise to every project.

sitemap
about us
wastewater rehabilitation
water distribution system
stormwater
projects
contact us

contact info
operations office
1669 litton drive
stone mountain, ga 30083
t: (678) 691-3747
t: (470) 545-6541
f: (470) 545-6387
e: info@mmelab.com

company support

our support team is available to help you.
monday-friday: 9am to 5pm








copyright © 2023 all rights reserved. | developed by badie designs, llc    

about us
wastewater rehabilitation
water distribution system
stormwater
projects
contact us
 


top














































