








lesedi cultural village - aha hotels & lodges







































 





skip to content









 


search for:








homeaccommodationexperiencesdining 




conferencinggalleryspecialsreservations













welcome to lesediwelcome to lightview our accommodationlesedi cultural villageestblished in 1993a fascinating exploration of africa’s tribal history entwined with sumptuous african hospitality.
situated within the cradle of humankind, the world heritage site home to the earliest traces of humanity, lesedi is the living custodian of africa’s history and its rich culture.
guest facilitiesnyama choma restaurant & private dining areas
bar & shebeen
conference facilities
curio shops
daily housekeeping & laundry (on request)
baby-sitting service (on request)
accommodationfind out moreexperiencesfind out morediningfind out moreexperience lesedinamed after king moshoeshoe’s inspired words, “our culture is the light of our nation”, lesedi cultural village transports guests on an illuminating and enthralling cultural adventure.
visitors to lesedi cultural village are immersed in a cultural tradition tour de force that connects the past with the present and shines a light on our collective humanity. the guest experience is enhanced by the beautifully african-designed guest rooms and suites that provide every modern comfort and local ubuntu.
welcome to lesedi. welcome to the light.
view our experiencesfull homestay at lesediimmerse yourself in the essence of ubuntu with an enriching full homestay experience at one of our five authentic homesteads. spend a night to embrace the vibrant lifestyle of a traditional rural african family, all while enjoying the comforts you deserve.
indulge in a culinary adventure for dinner and breakfast, featuring a delectable buffet of ethnic delights at the nyama choma restaurant. enhance your stay with a captivating cultural tour, where the mesmerizing music, soulful songs, and genuine warmth of african hospitality will captivate your senses.
book nowsupreme comfortin the heart of an african villagemake a reservationnearby attractionslesedi nestles within the magaliesburg hills and is surrounded by numerous leisure and recreational attractions for thrill-seeking adventurers and those seeking a more relaxed holiday experience. tours and excursions may be arranged on request. guests at lesedi cultural village are encouraged to explore:
hartbeesport damtake a boat ride on the water, dine at the floating restaurant on the dam or visit the aquarium, bird park and wild-life sanctuary.
magaliesburg mountain rangetake a cable-car ride to the mountain top and take in the breath-taking views.
golf coursespecanwood golf course and the magaliespark golf course both offer non-members an exceptional golfing experience.
sterkfontein & wonder caveslocated just a few kilometres away from lesedi.
maropengthe official centre of the cradle of humankind where visitors can view ancient fossils and the earliest traces of humanity.




 
 





navigatehome
accommodation
contact
reservations
 

social







 

secure payments 

contactr512, lanseria, gauteng
south africa 1739
t: +27-(0)-71-507-1447 

managed by 

 
 
 





		©  | all rights reserved | terms & conditions | privacy policy 

 
 
 
 


 
 



page load link



this website uses cookies to optimise your online user experience. by continuing to use our site you agree to us using cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.					

			ok		









go to top




