


































































the quad city times | breaking news | | read breaking news, sports and events from davenport, bettendorf, moline, rock island and the the quad cities region of iowa and illinois




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















3°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



iowa



illinois



politics



business



nation & world



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



guest/columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



movies & tv



music



food & dining



games



contests



comics



play



food & drink



parenting



health



get healthy



home & garden



fashion



people



pets



faith




celebrate



weather: live radar



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




our publications


bettendorf news



insight




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



qc auto listings



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

qc autos









3°
partly cloudy
























        
        
            editorial: keep humanitarian parole program that brings ukrainians to dewitt

the trump administration’s pause on humanitarian parole programs is threatening immigrants in dewitt who have families, jobs and mortgage payments.

















        
        
            new business spotlight: river drive breakfast parlor opens in moline

river drive breakfast parlor opened jan. 24 at 2900 river drive in moline. it ahs the same owners as señor julio's, which was formerly at the location.

















        
        
            rock island and henry county real estate transactions for feb. 16, 2025

see recent real estate transactions in rock island county and henry county.

















        
        
            expungement clinic to be held next month at tmbc lincoln resource center in davenport

the clinic aims to help with areas such as criminal record expungement and court debt. advanced registration is required.

















        
        
            start the week off right: sprinkle more kindness for heart-health benefits

kindness is more than a simple act — it’s a heart-healthy habit.

















        
        
            kathy bates gifts award to bettendorf grad eric christian olsen after he loses house

kathy bates gifted the award to "matlock" producer and bettendorf high school grad eric christian olsen, who lost his l.a. home. "first thing for decor," she said in her speech.

















        
        
            zeke's new location, a guatemalan restaurant and other business news in the quad-cities

here are some of the quad-cities businesses that have recently opened and other local business news.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            3 takeaways from iowa men’s basketball: hawkeyes’ road woes return in second half


















        
        
            new business spotlight: river drive breakfast parlor opens in moline



















        
        
            photos: green bay preble center stage show choir performs at great river show choir invitational















                
                the latest



















        
        
            quad-cities neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published today in the quad-city times. 












        
        
            brace for winds and snow in eastern iowa until sunday midday

a weather alert was issued by the national weather service on sunday at 6:53 a.m. for winds and snow until noon the alert is for quad cities area as well as jackson and clinton counties. 












        
        
            birth list for sunday, february 16, 2025

unitypoint health-trinity moline 





















        
        
            quad-cities neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in the quad-city times. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            trump attends nascar's daytona 500 for the second time as president




















        
        
            watch now: the sound of mundelein high school perform at the great river show choir invitational




















        
        
            watch now: northside establishment from davenport north high school performs at the great river show choir invitational




















        
        
            watch now: the ambassadors of cedar rapids prairie high school perform at the great river show choir invitational












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            qc high school scoreboard: feb. 15

friday night's high school scoreboard from qc and beyond. 




















        
        
            genseo wrestlers start strong in sectionals

geneseo sent seven into the semifinals at the oregon sectional on friday night.




















        
        
            mccorkle's 40 lifts bettendorf to upset road win over central dewitt; north's bourrage misses game with injury

mccorkle goes off as bettendorf upsets central dewitt.




















        
        
            bettendorf's kiefer roemer clocks top breaststroke prelim time at state swimming

kiefer roemer of bettendorf posted the top prelim time in the 100-yard breaststroke at the state swimming meet on friday night in iowa city.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            transforming lives: how radix recovery is advancing addiction treatment in cedar rapids

contributor content. radix recovery is a premier addiction treatment center in cedar rapids.












contributor








        
        
            ski, rest, repeat: your guide to recovering from a ski weekend

contributor content. after conquering the slopes and feeling the rush of a skiing adventure, it’s time to focus on your recovery.












partner








        
        
            news blues? how to cope with somber stories, headlines and notifications

get healthy. if you want to break your bad news cycle, here are five ways to manage your media diet and cope with somber stories, stressful headlines and anxiety-inducing notifications.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



























        
        
            dubuque bank & trust/mortgage loan office



                                        2305 e 52nd st ste 3, davenport, ia 52807
                                    



 website






















        
        
            freshii



                                        5009 competition dr., bettendorf, ia 52722
                                    






















        
        
            cna - midamerican energy - commercial



                                        319 e 5th st, des moines, ia 50309
                                    
















                
                print ads
                
            






















other





        
        
            house/promo adv - ad from 2025-02-11






































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram







bettendorf news

qcvarsity.com

plus 60



sites & partners


e-edition

email newsletters

quad-cities calendar

obituaries

weather

online features

get healthy




services


activate full access

advertise with us

contact us

job search

start a subscription

privacy policy

terms of service

customer service

work here

become a carrier

dealer returns

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the quad-city times	, 500 e 3rd st. davenport, ia 52801
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe































