






chaddock | treatment services for struggling children | quincy il

























































































skip to content














































treatment approach




live virtual tours




contact us




give


 



































services developmental trauma & attachment program (dtap) special education school foster & adoption services memorial medical clinicabout our team contact us visionadmissions is chaddock right for us? campus tour success stories monthly newslettercareers current openings internship opportunitiessupport ways to give make a donation volunteer annual rose tea




 





services developmental trauma & attachment program (dtap) special education school foster & adoption services memorial medical clinicabout our team contact us visionadmissions is chaddock right for us? campus tour success stories monthly newslettercareers current openings internship opportunitiessupport ways to give make a donation volunteer annual rose tea










 





















every child
deserves
a chance












chaddock is a leader in supporting children and their families struggling with issues related to attachment and developmental trauma. our developmental trauma and attachment program® brings hope and healing to children and youth who have experienced severe trauma and struggle with attachment-related difficulties.








program overview














































developmental trauma & attachment program
our vision: a world where every person matters, relationships are valued, and healing and change are possible
applications are accepted all year long. programs are individualized.




















residential program


 
focuses on helping children restore the ability to form trusting relationships. in each of our five cottage settings, children work with therapists, counselors and staff to to overcome severe behavioral challenges as a result of painfully traumatic pasts. our goal is to offer parents and children the tools they need to build cohesive and loving relationships.
 
 








residential overview


















in-home intensive program


 



families parenting children with attachment and complex trauma often struggle to find effective, specialized services in their communities, leaving them feeling lost after limited progress with traditional therapies. this targeted program helps families get on the right path, provides tools to foster stronger parent-child relationships, build parenting confidence and restore peace at home.



 
 








in-home program overview


















 family coaching


 






whether you’re married, a step-parent, single parent or foster parent, chaddock’s family coaching program will provide you with the education and support to build a better relationship with their child, modify existing behaviors, and bring harmony back to the home. our family coaches will help you form a plan that is individualized to the needs of your family.






 
 








family coaching packages






















empowering families. impacting kids.



every client’s healing journey at chaddock is unique. in this video, we explore the personal experiences, challenges, and triumphs of one of the many individuals whose life has been transformed through our care. this story reflects the power of healing, growth, and the lasting impact our programs have on those we serve. 








client stories











































special education school


 
with two locations, our accredited special education schools challenge students to do their best academically. our main location serves children living on chaddock’s campus, as well as youth from the surrounding area who have not experienced success in the traditional public school setting. 
 
 








learn more












 




chaddock careers


 
exciting new careers start every day at chaddock. we’re seeking motivated, passionate difference makers to join our team! we value work/life balance, offer competitive wages, a comprehensive benefits package and you’ll start earning vacation time on day one. apply online today!
​
 
 








current opportunities












 




our foundation


 
discover ways you can make a difference in the lives of the children and families we serve. every gift, no matter the size, makes a difference. from financial contributions to volunteer opportunities, there are many ways that you can support our programs and services.
​
 
 








ways to give




















our values
faith • relationships • responsibility • learning • caring













 


















217.222.0034 




  






 














































chaddock
205 south 24th st.
quincy, il 62301
217.222.0034
board of directors login
staff email access
job portal login
privacy policy








online payment































 


 

eagle



 

 


 

council on accreditation



 

 


 

cognia



 










 
 © 2025 chaddock























