





talbot's fine accessories


 welcome
                      to talbot's fine accessories






  
 talbot's fine accessories has been in business since 1990. it
              is run by doug strong who has been building a personal collection
              of medieval antiquities for the past 30+ years. he is especially
              interested in acquiring "objects of everyday life" of the medieval
              time period: buttons, buckles, munitions grade armour, brooches,
              rings, shoes, clothing, spurs, coins, etc... doug holds a bachelor
              of arts degree in medieval and renaissance studies, a master of
              science degree in communication education, a master of arts in
              special education, a master of arts in school administration and a
               doctorate in educational leadership. he is well known in
              the medieval, ww1 and ww2 living history communities and has been
              active since the early 1980s. there are three pages offering a
              variety of original medieval and renaissance antiquities,
              reproduction artifacts and how-to books and videos.
               our entire site now uses a
                    single, integrated, secure ordering and shopping
                    cart system. you can order books, accessories, and
                    antiquities and only have to check out one time!
   dr. strong's newest
                book. 
 
 



 












 if you are interested
          in how-to books, pamphlets, cd  roms,
            and dvds click on this new and improved site!! it
          features dozens of newly updated books in downloadable adobe
            acrobat format. 
            talbot's fine accessories: books and pamphlets. 
           published by historical research press. 
 

if you are
          interested in authentic historical artifacts click on this
          site!! talbot's

fine
            accessories: historical antiquities  the
            largest antiquities site on the web!!! nearly 1000 original artifacts for sale. now back
          on line in 2024!
 
  if you are interested
          in viking, saxon and medieval jewelry, buckles and others accessories
          click on this site!! talbot's
            fine accessories: medieval jewelry and accessories  

   





       










   
 
 
 
 www 
                talbotsfineaccessories.com 
                this will not search the antiquities database! 







 our return policy: 
 talbot's fine accessories will gladly accept returns, no questions
      asked, on jewelry and antiquities providing the item is unmodified and in
      original condition and the item is returned within two weeks of purchase.
      please see the antiquities page for our authenticity guarantee.
      refunds will be made in the amount of the purchase price only. shipping
      hand handling costs are not refunded. books may only be returned if they
      are damaged or incomplete. a new, undamaged, copy of the book will be
      sent. 
 shipping info: 
 most items are shipped out within 72 hours of receipt of payment. please
      allow 10-20 days for delivery within the continental united states. we use
      usps or ups depending on what we are shipping unless otherwise
      requested and standard shipping is $8.75. larger orders will have a higher
      shipping charge.  
 payment info: 
 we now are processing all credit cards through  paypal. you
        do not need a paypal account to buy with a credit card. paypall
        will simply be doing the processing.  to access this option you
      will see a link that looks like the image below on the paypal payments
      page. it is near the bottom. click on the word continue to pay with a credit card through them. you will not
        need to setup an account.  
  




  
 talbot's
                    fine accessories is a verified member of paypal. click
                  on the seal to learn how paypal helps make online payments
                  secure. 




   
 talbot's fine accessories is
        located at: 
 12n288 waughon rd 
 hampshire, il 60140
 doug-strong@comcast.net

   
 you may also be interested in seeing the virtual museum for our private

collection
          of medieval artifacts the

strong
          collection to learn about the
strong
          helmet follow the link. click here to  see
            the auctions we have running on ebay  or follow the link to
 pay for
            your ebay auction    click
          here to see a list of the arms and armour books we own. 
         you may also be interested in a statistical
          analysis of 1300 medieval effigies dated from 1300-1450. 

here are some page related to other periods
        of  reenacting we have created: 


german
                wwi footwear analysis


german
                wwii schnurschuhe (low boots) quality and authenticity
                evaluation 2024



german
                wwii marschstiefel (tall boots) quality and authenticity
                evaluation 2024



ww1
                marschstiefel (tall boots) evaluation model 1866


proper
              care and feeding for historical leather footwear


 us
              army enlisted uniform resource links 1867-1902


 
  
  

privacy statement & terms of use policy
talbot’s fine accessories does not
          sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. we may
          choose to do so in the future with only with trustworthy third
          parties, however at this time we do not. also, talbot’s fine
          accessories may provide aggregate statistics about our customers,
          sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable
          third-party vendors, however these statistics will include no personal
          information. talbot’s fine accessories may release account information
          when we believe in good faith, that such release is reasonably
          necessary to ( i ) comply with law, ( ii ) enforce or apply the terms
          of any of our merchant agreements or ( iii ) protect the rights,
          property or safety of talbot’s fine accessories, our users, or others.

          by using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this
          information by talbot’s fine accessories. however, at this time all
          information that is collected is done through consenting users using
          our online forms. talbot’s fine accessories does not collect
          information by means of cookies with the exception of referral
          tracking purposes, thus the user alone determines what information is
          given to talbot’s fine accessories. if we decide to change our privacy
          policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always
          aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what
          circumstances we disclose it.

          by using this site you agree to use it for the purpose of evaluating
          our products and services, and to potentially purchase our products or
          services. any attempt to use this site for anything other than this is
          prohibited.



