







object culture








































  






















































cart
















0
















              home
            

            exhibitions
          

            artists
          

            visit
          

            shop
          












































































cart
















0











homeexhibitionsartistsvisitshop


















scroll






 









modern art.vintage design.



barry bryant and johnny mclendon are owners of this unique 3000 sq ft gallery located in the perez art & design center in cathedral city, california.high ceilings and dramatic spaces dominate this former industrial building, and present a welcoming, casual environment - an alluring mix for designers, collectors, and those interested in adding unusual, quality pieces to their home.visit us on your next trip to the coachella valley.  as we like to say, "we are near palm springs, but far from ordinary".









































































unique selection 



we feature a unique and eclectic mix of vintage and contemporary modern art and design - including furniture, lighting and decor.deco to contemporary pieces can be found in the gallery, including selections from the mid-century modern, hollywood regency, california modern, rustic modern, zen and organic modern, mod / pop, late century modern and postmodern periods in addition to avant-garde designs.






 









current exhibition -robert levine: cars



"cars" reflects levine's deep connection to los angeles-a city where car culture reigns supreme. the exhibition features a diverse collection of paintings that highlight levine's skill in capturing the beauty, grit, and symbolism of vehicles and their components. from intricate tire treads to dynamic car exteriors, each piece reveals a deeper story about our relationship with technology and the environments we inhabit.robert levine artist pagerobert levine: cars






 









perez art & design center68929 perez road, suite mcathedral city, ca




























johnny mclendon
gallery manager / owner









barry bryant
curator / owner












the owners



johnny and barry relocated to the west coast in 2014. they were both raised in the deep south but lived throughout the east coast including stops in atlanta, tidewater, virginia, philadelphia and most recently new jersey.  they are long-time collectors of vintage modern design with interests including classic mid-century modern furnishings, 60s pop, frederic weinberg sculpture, fong chow pottery, arizona and california design and craft.  barry was an expert contributor on two books, '50s decor and '60s and '70s decor published by martingale & company, and created gomod.com, one of the first portals for modern design on the web in 1998. it was featured in numerous publications including esquire, instyle, lucky., the philadelphia inquirer magazine, and the book “op to pop”, and in an advertising campaign for the movie “austin powers - the spy who shagged me”.








welcome



about



image gallery



unique selection



current exhibition



current exhibition description



gallery image



gallery location



owners portraits



the owners








 



object culture
68929 perez road, suite m,
cathedral city, ca, 92234,
united states
760-832-7922
hello@objectculture.com


hours
tue closed
wed 11:00am - 5:00pm
thu 11:00am - 5:00pm
fri 11:00am - 5:00pm
sat 11:00am - 5:00pm
sun 11:00am - 5:00pm
































faqterms of usecontact


 



get on the list
sign up to receive news and updates




email address






submit






thank you for joining the list!











