
      nebraska energy federal credit  union welcome
    







  
skip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view pdf files.nebraska energy federal credit union home page  
introducing nefcu's new online and mobile banking platforms.please scroll down for access to the mobile banking app links and online banking user tutorials.
 
 call 24 voice response system has switched to italk - please dial 866-254-3840. 
to our members, we want to say "thank you" for your patience and understanding as we completed this system upgrade.
 
  close alert

interest rates certified by datatrac



 nebraska energy federal credit union facebook

800-453-3913

hours & location

contact

 quick access     menu

800-453-3913

hours & location

contact



save


save


savings

checking

share certificates

iras

holiday account





mobile access


mobile access


online/mobile access

ipay bill payer

mobile wallet

send money with zelle®

italk





borrow


borrow


vehicle loans

recreational loans

platinum rewards credit card

personal loans

vacation loans

share secured

on track



student loans


education assistance

student loans 



home mortgage


term buster

fixed rate mortgages

adjustable rate mortgage

home equity line of credit

home makeover

mortgage conversion

nmls numbers





protect


protect


auto essentials

mechanical repair coverage

gap w/auto deductable reimbursement

share insurance

lost or stolen card 

security



insurance


trustage insurance



debt protection


credit life

credit disability

involuntary unemployment





rates

learn


learn


estatements

financial check up

referral

join now

join our team

scholarship program

open your eyes to a credit union

benefits to member

wallet share



our story


about nefcu

board & supervisory committee

management team



education/resources


zelle® faqs

mycreditunion.gov

calculators

forms





search terms  close search modal submit searchtoggle search modaltoggle google translategoogle translate this page dropdown    welcome to nebraska energy federal credit union    great rates on new and used vehicle loans!   learn more    
          click here to start or stop the slider's autoplay feature  secure online banking login
login  find an atm
search now  apply for a loan
apply now  consumer 
mortgage
home makeover 
home equity line of credit  ezcardinfo.com
access your account  want to join become a member (opens in a new window)  
share certificate specials4.25% apy-6 months 4.00% apy-9 months  auto & recreational vehicle loans as low as
5.50% apr  home equity line of creditstarting at
7.50% apr  mortgage loansstarting at
5.60% apr  
introducing our new online and mobile banking platforms! 

 
  
 
 
     
 new online banking  
it's here! take a quick tour of what you will find in the new nefcu online banking platform. 
    
 let's get enrolled 
easy to follow steps to assist you to enroll in nefcu's new online and mobile banking. click the login button located in the upper right of this page to get started.
    account recovery 
forget your password?  this  account recovery video will walkyou through the steps necessary to reset your password.  
 
   

   

voice response system  - italk

please note call 24 voice response system has switched to italk. same easy to use menu and features but a new dial-in number:866-254-3840
   
who we serve
proudly serving employees who work at entities engaged in the electrical power industry.
membership eligibility
 
member referral
it pays to refer a family member or co-worker.
referral reward program


     
member ownedyou're not just a member - you're an owner.
what makes nefcu different from a bank?the credit union difference
award winning!
nefcu is an award winning credit union.
exceptional service   
resources at your fingertips  
electronic servicestutorials  
share insurancecalculator  
financial 
calculators  
money iqfinancial library    helping members achieve financial success 
it's our #1 focus and why we are in business. the staff at nebraska energy federal credit union is here to help with all of your financial needs. it's what we do best!

learn more about nefcu  stay in the loop
stay up to date with the latest specials and announcements. sign up for our email list and you’ll always be in the know! 
leave me blank for newsletter.

name* email* sign up there was an error submitting the form thank you for your submission! 

privacy policy

disclosures

accessibility

contact us

equal housing lendernational credit union associationyour savings federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states governmentfacebook©  nebraska energy federal credit union.

close tour modal
