









automotive refinishing | united states | southern polyurethanes













































































 



spi forum
shipping
706-781-2220
 contact us

menu











menuproductsbasecoatbasecoatintercoat clearsingle stagematte black sscustom colorsclearsproduction clear 2.1 vocspeed clear 2.1 vocuniversal clearcoatuniversal clearcoat 2.1 voceuro clear 2020euro clearcoat 2.1 vocprimersepoxy primer2k primer standard2k primer high buildturbo 2k primer2k sealermiscellaneousurethane reducerlow voc urethane reducerwaterborne wg removersolvent wg removerurethane retarderpolar acceleratorblending solventadhesion promoterresourceshow to use our productstech manualgeneral paint gun guidelinesthe perfect paint jobshippingabout usfaqnewsgallerypricingcontact us


 pricing
 contact us


















since 1998
premium automotive finishes
browse our products












 since 1998                         
                    
our mission
at southern polyurethanes, inc. (spi), our mission as a premium coatings manufacturer is to produce the finest automotive clears, primers, solvents, and additives available today – using only the world’s best raw materials and latest technologies.
contact us










 only the finest                
our products


our goal is to provide you with the finest clears, primers, solvents, and additives available today using only the best raw materials and latest technologies. we manufacture all our products in-house in our blairsville, ga facility so we know our products are comparable if not superior to any other coating in their class at any price in the automotive aftermarket.


browse our products









basecoats









clears









primers









miscellaneous













   made in the usa                            
welcome to spi



as you consider spi automotive coatings for your next project, you can be certain our 100% made in the usa products will be comparable or superior in quality to anything available in today’s market – at any price. we invite you to experience the spi difference. we’re confident you’ll agree – spi is the clear choice. exceptional quality, extraordinary value and unmatched customer service.


read moreless

about us


 







product pricing
effective january 2024. prices are subject to change without notice. 
 disclaimers: southern polyurethanes, inc. is not responsible for typographical or printing errors.
view our pricingview our products




      




  our projects                    
view our gallery
we take pride in our ability to deliver exceptional clears, primers, solvents, and additives, our products are sure to inspire your creativity and bring your automotive projects to life. discover the perfect hue to bring your vision to life today!







 






 






 






 






 






 





view more photos







contact us

don’t settle for anything less than the best for your automotive projects. explore our full range of clear coats, primers and urethane reducers to experience the difference superior quality makes.













 















first name *





last name *





email *





verify email *





phone number *





message *




submit
this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.













 



premium coating manufacturer
as you consider spi automotive coatings for your next project, you can be certain our 100% made in the usa products will be comparable or superior in quality to anything available in today’s market – at any price.
browse our products















 



southern polyurethanes, inc.
po box 1300
blairsville, ga 30514

706-781-2220





 spi forum












site credits
sitemap
privacy policy


disclaimers: southern polyurethanes, inc. is not responsible for typographical or printing errors. prices are subject to change without notice.
© 1998-2025 copyright southern polyurethanes, inc. all rights reserved.

















































 

