





harley davidson motorcycle dealer in libertyville, il | lake shore hd 
















































































skip to main content
 
 








toggle navigation






https://www.windycitymc.com/default.asp?page=deposit&sef=&noredir=1
						buying

new inventory
certified pre-owned inventory
pre-owned inventory
bargain bikes
custom order request






selling

trade in your bike
sell your bike
consign your bike
rider 2 rider



finance department

get approved
insurance providers
h-d® visa
promotions



parts & service

parts department
service department
priority maintenance program
extended service plan
custom coverage



apparel

apparel promotions
the shirt shop



learn/rent/tour

jumpstart™
learn to ride
adventure bike training
advanced riding classes
motorcycle rentals
motorcycle tours



customer corner

event calendar
referrals
storage options
blog




about us


work with us
motorcycle tech training
contact us







lake shore harley-davidson®

14000 w rockland rd
 libertyville, il 60048
us

phone: (847) 662-4500
email: n.wissman@windycityhd.com

fax:
			







we buy bikes!click here


join our email listclick here





lake shore harley-davidson®
14000 w rockland rd, libertyville, il 60048 (847) 662-4500






lake shore harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in libertyville, il, near wildwood and vernon hillslake shore harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in libertyville, il, near wildwood and vernon hills
to hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in todayto hell with a destination, for $443/month*. stop in today
lake shore harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in libertyville, il, near wildwood and vernon hillslake shore harley-davidson&reg; - new &amp; used harley-davidson&reg; motorcycles, service, and parts in libertyville, il, near wildwood and vernon hills








previous



pause



next









shop hundreds of new units
shop over 1,000 used units






$100
per month






$200
per month






$400
per month














street®





sportster®





dyna®





softail®





v-rod®





touring





trike





cvo™





electric





adventure touring






previous



next















our story
lake shore harley-davidson® is owned and operated by riders for the benefit of other motorcycle riders. that's why we are proud to employ some of the most passionate motorcycle enthusiasts at our harley-davidson® dealership in libertyville, il! our team lives and breathes the motorcycle lifestyle and brings a passion for the iconic harley-davidson® brand to everything that we do. that's why we always begin our pledge focusing on choice, convenience, and value.  we’re engaged in our communities and strive to connect one-on-one with you every day to meet and exceed your expectations long after purchasing your next motorcycle from our team!

visit lake shore harley-davidson® in libertyville, serving mchenry and round lake, il  today to find your next motorcycle to take on the open road. we have access to one of the largest motorcycle inventories of up to 1,000 new and quality pre-owned motorcycles. our staff will help guide you in choosing your next bike while offering proper fitting and helping to set up test rides. no matter which bikes you decide on, our professional financing staff will go the extra mile to ensure you get competitive rates and worry-free warranties. 

if you’re new to motorcycle riding, we also offer a comprehensive riding course at chicago & milwaukee motorcycle school! try your next bike before you buy with chicago motorcycle rentals to see which bike suits your riding style best. continue your journey with awesome adventures with group riding adventures at chicago motorcycle tours.

find out for yourself firsthand why our customers have become such big fans of lake shore harley-davidson® in libertyville, near round lake and mchenry, il!
















social




facebook
like lake shore harley-davidson® on facebook! (opens in new window)




instagram
follow lake shore harley-davidson® on instagram! (opens in new window)




h.o.g. chapter




email club




text club





hours

mon - tue out riding
wed - fri 10:00am - 6:00pm
saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm
sunday 10:00am - 4:00pm







links

get approved
service
parts
apparel
value your bike
contact us
locations










dealer spike (opens in new window)



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved


privacy notice
website privacy policy
terms
accessibility
site map































 
  text us! 

x


        hi there, have a question? 
        send us a text!
    

 



