



	space camp store





































filter



clear all






























apparelfeaturedladiesmen'skidsflightsuits & flight gearheadwearfeaturedu.s. space & rocket centercamp capsnasa capsaccessoriesfeaturedaccessoriescamp gearfeaturedaviation challengespace campgifts/giftsfeaturedgiftsmodelsornamentssouvenirsfeatureddrinkware & barkeychainsmagnetsspace foodspace camp exclusivesfeatured collectionsfeaturedcamp gearfiftieth anniversarynasa merchandiserocket city usasnoopyrocket city strongpatches & pinsfeaturedpatchespinsbooks & mediafeaturedbookscalendars & postershome & officefeaturedartdrinkware & barmodelsofficeornamentsmembershipsfeaturedpurchase or renewtoysfeaturedplushscience kitsvehicleschildren's booksplaysetsnoveltyrocketsdoodle pantsfeatureddoodle pantsvisitor center conferencefeaturedvisitor center conferencevcc (category based)featuredvisitor center conferencerockets on paradefeaturedrockets on paradeair & spacefeaturedvehiclesplaysetseducationalfeaturedchildren's booksscience kitseasterfeaturedeasterclass basedfeaturedrevive the saturn vred white and blueal wordenhalloweenthanksgivinggreat gift ideasvalentinessave space campfeaturedsave space campmovies/eventsadmission



 





 


apparel & accessories 




apparel

ladies

mens

kids

flightsuits & flight gear






headwear

u.s. space & rocket center
nasa





jewelry & accessories 

accessories
jewelry





camp gear 

aviation challenge
space camp




gifts & collectibles




gifts

gifts
models
ornaments





souvenirs

drinkware & bar
keychains
magnets
space food





featured collections

camp gear
fiftieth anniversary
nasa
rocket city usa
it's not rocket science
snoopy





patches & pins

patches
pins




home goods 




books & media

books
calendars & posters





home & office

art
drinkware & bar
kitchen
models
office
ornaments




toys 




air & space

vehicles
playsets
rockets





educational

children's books
science kits





plush toys

plush toys





 novelty toys 

novelty toys
puzzles





tickets/admission


membership





 free shipping on orders $150 and up! 
 tickets are delivered via email.

cart login
apparelfeaturedladiesmen'skidsflightsuits & flight gearheadwearfeaturedu.s. space & rocket centercamp capsnasa capsaccessoriesfeaturedaccessoriescamp gearfeaturedaviation challengespace campgifts/giftsfeaturedgiftsmodelsornamentssouvenirsfeatureddrinkware & barkeychainsmagnetsspace foodspace camp exclusivesfeatured collectionsfeaturedcamp gearfiftieth anniversarynasa merchandiserocket city usasnoopyrocket city strongpatches & pinsfeaturedpatchespinsbooks & mediafeaturedbookscalendars & postershome & officefeaturedartdrinkware & barmodelsofficeornamentsmembershipsfeaturedpurchase or renewtoysfeaturedplushscience kitsvehicleschildren's booksplaysetsnoveltyrocketsdoodle pantsfeatureddoodle pantsvisitor center conferencefeaturedvisitor center conferencevcc (category based)featuredvisitor center conferencerockets on paradefeaturedrockets on paradeair & spacefeaturedvehiclesplaysetseducationalfeaturedchildren's booksscience kitseasterfeaturedeasterclass basedfeaturedrevive the saturn vred white and blueal wordenhalloweenthanksgivinggreat gift ideasvalentinessave space campfeaturedsave space campmovies/eventsadmission

















  previous

  next






 
 mova globes
mova's unique spinning globes combine power from ambient light and torque from the earth's magnetic field to create soothing rotations.
order »


 
 cool models
these  models  make a great gift for any space buff or history fan, available in a variety of vehicles and scales!
browse »













featured products

astronaut boot mug$16.95cats smart fleece crewneck$35.00launch capsule mug$16.95rocket city spaceline, ramsey mug, matte black w/sand$25.00






label





 continue shopping
 checkout















 


facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
trip advisor
 
 

help
contact us
shipping and return policy

 

















shipping and return policy


privacy policy 


online security 

























shipping and return policy


privacy policy 


online security 






































 hosted ecommerce site terms of service

v12.9.12.31573
 close


                        
                            the operator of this site (“operator”) has built this site with tam intelliware, a division of lode data systems, inc. (“lds”).  as host of the site, lds will have access to personal data and information that is collected by or provided to the site.   lds will manage all such data according to its privacy policy in order to protect the privacy of your information, and lds provides access to the site according to its terms of service.  by using the site, you accept and agree to be bound and abide by our terms of service and our privacy policy.  if you do not agree, please do not access or use the site.
                            

                            the content of the site is provided by operator, and any purchase, agreement, communication, or other transaction you engage in via the site is solely between you and operator.  tam is not responsible for the delivery or quality of any goods or services sold or advertised through this site.  any opinions or views expressed on this site do not necessarily reflect those of tam, and tam does not review, verify, endorse, or otherwise vouch for the content of this site, nor is tam in any way responsible for the content of this site.  tam will not be held liable for any loss, damage, or other claim arising as a result of your use of this site.  tam and its licensors disclaim any warranty of title or any other warranties for any of operator’s offering(s) or any third party product(s).  please see the terms of service for additional limitations and exclusions.
                            
02/19/2025 07:54:53 am


 close









 privacy policy
 close









                  privacy policy                
privacy statement and cookies
last updated december 11, 2019
introduction
the u.s. space & rocket center (“company”, “our”, “us”, or “we”), the "data controller" of the personal information we collect about you pursuant to this privacy statement, is committed to protecting your privacy. this privacy statement details the steps we take to protect your personal information when you visit any of our websites or applications that contain a link to this privacy statement (collectively, our “sites”) or when you contact us. it describes how we process personal information relating to you, including the types of personal information that we collect, the purposes for which we use it, the types of third parties with which we share it, and any rights you may have with respect to such information. personal information is information, or a combination of pieces of information, that allow you to be identified.
this privacy statement applies only when you visit any of our sites that link to this privacy statement or when you contact us, for example, with a comment, inquiry or customer support request. personal information collected about you in connection with other websites, products, services or mobile applications (including those made available to you by us) may be covered by different privacy statements. it is important that you read this privacy statement together with any other privacy statements or other notices we may provide to you on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing your personal information so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your information.
by using or accessing our sites or contacting us you agree that we may process your personal information in the manner described in this privacy statement. your use of our sites and any information you provide through them is subject at all times to this privacy statement and the applicable terms and conditions that apply to the sites.
important notice for residents of the european economic area (eea) : eea residents may be entitled to object to certain types of processing activities involving your personal information described in this privacy statement, including where we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your personal information or where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing. in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue to process your personal information in which case we are not obliged to comply with your request


our collection of information

 information collected directly from you. when you visit our sites, we may ask you for personal information to provide a service or carry out a transaction that you have requested. you may also provide personal information to us when you contact us (e.g., with a comment, inquiry or customer support request) or register for an account to use our sites.
the personal information we collect from you when you use our sites may include:

identity data, such as your name, title, company/organization name, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers and physical address (including street, city, state, postal code, and/or country);
registration data, such as information provided by you when you register for an account to use our sites, including user names and passwords;
recruitment data, including information submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry (as described below);
marketing and communications data, including your marketing preferences and your subscriptions to our publications;
financial information, including credit card or other financial account information for the purpose of enabling us to facilitate your purchase of company products and services that may be available on our sites;
export control information, such as your nationality, citizenship and country of residence, that allows us to determine your eligibility under export control regulations to receive information about certain technologies;
transaction data, including inquiries about and orders for our products and services and details of payments to and from you;
event registration information, including information you provide when filling in e-registration forms; and
your feedback, including feedback from you about our sites as well as our products and services generally.

when you do not provide requested information, we may not be able to provide you the requested service or complete your transaction.
 information we collect about you. we collect certain information about your visit to our sites, including:
usage data, including information about how you use our sites, what pages you view, the number of bytes transferred, the links you click, the materials you access, the date and time you access the site, the website from which you linked to one of our sites and other actions taken within the sites; and
technical data, such as your internet protocol (ip) address, your browser type and capabilities and language and your operating system.
for information about the cookies we use on our sites, please refer to the section entitled “cookies” below.
 information collected from third parties. in accordance with applicable law, we may collect personal information about you from third parties, such as social media websites/applications, which we may combine with the information we already hold about you in order to help us improve and customize our sites to your preferences and for other purposes set forth in this privacy statement.



our use of information
we may use the personal information collected via our sites or when you contact us for purposes that include:

services and transactions. we may use your personal information to deliver services to you or carry out transactions you have requested, including, but not limited to, providing information on company products or services you have purchased or otherwise use, processing product orders, answering customer service requests and facilitating the use of our sites.
administering and protecting our business and sites. we may use your personal information to administer and protect our business and our sites, including troubleshooting, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data.
improving our business, sites, products and services. we may use your personal information to perform business analyses or for other purposes that help us to develop and improve the quality of our business, sites, products and services (including new products and services), for example, by customizing our sites to your particular preferences or interests.
marketing. in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we may use your personal information to inform you of products or services which may be of interest to you, and to otherwise communicate with you about offerings, events and news, surveys, special offers, and related topics. you are able to opt-out from marketing communications sent via e-mail at any time, free of charge by using the “unsubscribe” link in any e-mail marketing materials you receive from us, or by contacting us using the contact information listed in this privacy statement. depending on your country of residence, you may also be able to opt out of other types of marketing communications; please contact us using the contact information listed in the privacy statement for more information.
employment applications. in connection with a job application or inquiry, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume/curriculum vitae, professional references, information about education and job background, and information about professional training and certifications. we and members of our group may use this information for the purpose of employment consideration, and as otherwise set forth in any separate privacy statement or other notice made available to in connection with your application.
research and analysis. we may use your personal information to conduct research and analysis to help us analyze your purchasing preferences, identify the products and services that best meet your requirements and measure the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you.
enforcement: we may use the personal information we collect in order to detect, prevent and respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our terms and conditions, violations of law or other misuse of our sites.

where permitted by law, we may combine the information that we collect via our sites with other information we hold about you (such as information about your use of our products and services) in order to offer you an improved and consistent customer experience when interacting with us or for other purposes set forth in this privacy statement.


the legal basis on which we process information
where required by law, we will ensure there is a legal basis for the processing of your personal information. in most cases the legal basis will be that:

 the processing is necessary for the performance of the services we provide to you;
the processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, including compliance with applicable laws, regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas;
the processing is based on your consent to the processing of your personal information for one or more specified purposes (e.g. marketing); or
the processing is necessary to meet our legitimate interests, for example to develop and improve our sites, products and/or services for the benefit of our customers.



anonymizing information
in accordance with applicable law, we may anonymize your personal information so that it can no longer be used to identify you. anonymized information is not considered personal information and is therefore not subject to this privacy statement. we may collect, use and share anonymized information for any purpose.


 how long we keep information
the period during which we store your personal information varies depending on the purpose for the processing. for example, we store personal information needed to provide you with products and services, or to facilitate transactions you have requested, for so long as you are a customer of the company. we store your personal information for marketing purposes until you have opted out of receiving further direct marketing communications in accordance with applicable law. if you submit an employment application via our sites, we will retain details of your application as set forth in the privacy statement or other notice made available to you in connection with your application or as otherwise required by law. in all other cases, we store your personal information for as long as is needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy statement, following which time it is either anonymized (where permitted by applicable law), deleted or destroyed.


disclosure of information
we may share your personal information with selected third parties in accordance with applicable law, including as set out below.

service providers. we may share your personal information with companies with which we have contracted to provide services on our behalf, such as hosting websites, conducting surveys, processing transactions, analyzing our sites and performing analyses to improve the quality of our business, sites, products and services. we require these service providers to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
distributors and other trusted business partners. we may share your personal information with third parties that distribute our products and other trusted business partners for purposes that include allowing those third parties to send marketing communications to you. such sharing of personal information for marketing purposes will be performed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
disclosure in connection with transactions. in connection with certain transactions, we may disclose some or all of your personal information to financial institutions, government entities and shipping companies or postal services involved in fulfillment of the transaction.
disclosure for other reasons. we may disclose personal information if required or authorized to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with legal requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property or, in urgent circumstances, to protect the personal safety of any individual.



international transfers
we are a global company. by using or accessing our sites or contacting us and giving your information to us, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be collected in, transferred to and accessed by the company, our group companies, suppliers, distributors and other business partners and/or agents located in countries outside of your country or residence, including, but not limited to, the united states, mexico and india, in accordance with applicable law. please be aware that the privacy protections and legal requirements, including the rights of authorities to access your personal information, in some of these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country of residence. however, we will take reasonable steps to protect your privacy and to provide a level of protection of personal information that is comparable to that of your country of residence.

users located in the european economic area (eea)
where required, we have put in place appropriate safeguards with our group companies, service providers, contractors, distributors and other business partners and agents to ensure that transfers of personal information outside the eea are adequately protected. these safeguards typically comprise the eu standard contractual clauses in accordance with article 46(2) of the eu general data protection regulation. for more information on the appropriate safeguards in place to protect your personal information, please contact us using the details at the end of this privacy statement.



 security
we are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. we use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, including implementation of such security measures as may be required by applicable law.however, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information. moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to the sites over networks that we do not control, including the internet and wireless networks.
the safety and security of your personal information also depends on you. where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a user id and password to access the sites, you are responsible for keeping those log-on credentials confidential and not revealing them to others.


 cookies and similar technologies

cookies
to learn more about our use of cookies  on our websites click below::

https://www.spacecamp.com/cookiedeclaration
https://www.rocketcenter.com/cookiedeclaration

our use of web analytics
we use industry standard web analytics to track visits to our sites. these analytics are provided by google analytics and facebook pixels (“web analytics providers”). the information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your ip address) will be transmitted to and stored by our web analytic providers on their servers. the web analytics providers will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. the web analytics providers may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf.
you may opt out of google or facebook web analytics or otherwise control how these technologies are used when you visit our sites, by following the instructions here:
google analytics opt out link http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
facebook privacy settings link (you must be logged into your account) https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=privacy&privacy_source=privacy



do not track
some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the sites with which the user communicates. because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. we currently do not take action in response to these signals.


your rights
you may have certain rights with respect to personal information about you that is collected through the sites or when you contact us. if you are a resident of the eea, the rights described below may apply to you. for other users, the rights that apply to you will depend on the laws of your country of residence. we will facilitate your exercise of the rights that apply to you in accordance with applicable law. for more information about your rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this privacy statement.

access : you may have the right to access, review and correct personal information collected through our sites or when you contact us. in some cases, you can do this by going to the page on which you provided the information. you can help us to maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any change to your mailing address, phone number or e-mail address.
object : you may be entitled to object to certain types of processing activities involving your personal information, including where we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your personal information or where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing. in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue to process your personal information in which case we are not obliged to comply with your request.
erasure : you may be entitled to request the erasure of your personal information, for example, where the information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected.
restriction : you may be entitled to request that we restrict our processing of your personal information, for example, where the accuracy of the information is contested by you.
data portability : you may be entitled to receive and reuse your personal information for your own purposes. this is known as the right to data portability and, where applicable, requires us to move, copy or transfer your personal information from our systems to you or (where technically feasible) a third party chosen by you without affecting its usability.
consent: if you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information, you may have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this privacy statement or, in the case of email marketing, by using the “unsubscribe” link in any of our marketing emails. this won’t affect the lawfulness of any processing up to that point.

we will respond to any requests from you to exercise your rights within the timeframes required by law. we may charge a fee to facilitate your request where permitted by law. to exercise any of your rights, please contact us using the contact details set out at the end of this privacy statement. we may take steps to verify your identity before taking action on a request. if you believe our processing of your personal information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the supervisory authority in charge of overseeing compliance with data protection law in your jurisdiction. we would however appreciate the chance to address your concerns, so please feel free to contact us regarding any complaint you may have.


 children's information
we do not knowingly collect information from children and do not target or direct our sites to children. the meaning of “children” is subject to the laws and regulations in the jurisdiction in which you are located.


links to other websites
our sites may contain links to third-party websites, products and services. we have no liability or responsibility for those websites, products and services, their policies, or their collection or other processing of your personal information. the practices of those third parties with respect to information collected through their websites, products or services is governed by their own privacy policies. we encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those third parties.


contact us
if you have questions regarding this privacy statement or our handling of your personal information, would like to lodge a complaint, or wish to contact our data protection officer, please contact us using the contact information listed below. we will promptly address your concern and strive to reach a satisfactory resolution. 
kim mccain
vice president, marketing & customer experience
u.s. space & rocket center
one tranquility base
huntsville, al 35805
(256) 722-5623
kimm@spacecamp.com


changes to this privacy statement
we may occasionally update this privacy statement. when we do, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top and bottom of the privacy statement and take such additional steps as may be required by law.
last updated december 11, 2019








 close









 security
 close




security
tamretail.com takes precautions to protect its customers' information. when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
when our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected using ssl encryption software. to learn more about ssl, follow this link: www.verisign.com.

        tamretail no longer supports the version 3.0 ssl protocol as of november 6, 2014.
        please review your browser version to ensure it supports the latest secure protocols.
    

        apple safari: http://support.apple.com/downloads/#safari
        google chrome: https://www.google.com/chrome/
        microsoft internet explorer: https://www.microsoft.com/ie/
        mozilla firefox: https://www.getfirefox.com/
        opera: https://www.opera.com/

access to all of our users' information is restricted. tamretail.com operates in a secured and locked facility that requires all employees to check in and wear valid id badges. security cameras are positioned throughout the building in conjunction with multiple alarm systems. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. if you wish to have your financial information removed at the time of your order, you may opt to have your financial information deleted from our records upon completion of your order. otherwise, you may contact us at webmaster@tamretail.com, or call toll free 1-800-390-1119, to request that your information be deleted from our database. for future transactions, you will be required to re-enter your information.
all tamretail.com servers, including web servers and database servers, are housed and maintained in secure locations. access to the database is strictly monitored and protected from outside access. internet access is restricted and protected by multiple checkpoint and cisco firewalls and password protection. the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secured environment, inside a secured and locked room. all backups are stored and locked in a high-level security room. only personnel with proper security clearance have access to these restricted areas. tape backups are not permitted to leave the premises without prior authorization.
all employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. every quarter, in addition to any time a new policy is added, tamretail.com employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance of privacy, and what they can do to ensure that customers' information remains protected at all times.
if you have any questions or concerns about tamretail.com's security practices, you can send us an email at service@tamretail.com.
special offers
our special offers are sent only to customers who grant tamretail.com permission to send them such information.
to honor the privacy of our users, we offer the option to not receive these types of communications. at the time of your order, you may opt to not receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field. furthermore, all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news. customers might still receive intermittent updates on products, services, specials or tamretail.com news. please reference the choice/opt-out section below for further details on how to be removed from our mailing list should you choose to be removed.
correction/updating/reviewing personal information
customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our help section. you must have your username and password in order to access your account. in the event you forget both your username and password, please contact our customer service department for assistance.
choice/opt-out
for customers who wish to opt-out and stop receiving tamretail.com special offers and related news, tamretail.com provides several ways to do so. users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by clicking here to unsubscribe or by un-checking the "permission to send" field when processing their orders. they may also send e-mails to webmaster@tamretail.com with a request to be removed. finally, they may use the link provided in all tamretail.com communications to automatically unsubscribe.
notification of changes
if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
if you have opted out of receiving communications from tamretail.com, you will still be able to view news of policy changes at www.tamretail.com. otherwise, you may e-mail us at webmaster@tamretail.com or call us toll free at (800) 390-1119 to ask our customer service department about changes and updates.
last update
the privacy policy contained herein became officially effective january 1, 2014.
address

        tamretail.com 
        10609 west 159th street
        orland park, il  60467
    
      
    
        #helpful#
    




 close









 shipping and return policy
 close




return policy
 the u.s. space & rocket center offers a 30-day return/exchange policy. you may return items either by shipping them back or in-person at our gift shop. our shipping address is as follows:
  1 tranquility base
  huntsville, al 35805
  attn: catalog sales return/exchange
	please feel free to contact us regarding your return/exchange at catalog@spacecamp.com or (256) 721-7120. we are available monday-friday, 9 a.m. – 3:30 p.m.
items cannot be returned if they fall under one or more of the following:
 item has been worn, washed, or altered in any way 
	item is missing tags
	personalized item
	item was on clearance
	items that are shipped back to us for a return or exchange must be in their original condition and include all parts, accessories, and packaging.
	exchanges are available based on current inventory.
	please note that we cannot send an exchange or process a return until the original item is back in our inventory.
	the customer is responsible for all freight charges. however, if an item is received from us damaged, defective, or it is not the correct item, please send a picture and a brief description to catalog@spacecamp.com along with your order number and a good callback number so that we can reach out to you to assist in any way we can.
	when we receive the item back in our inventory, we will reach out to the customer for refund information as we do not store card information after an order has been processed.
	return and original shipping costs are non-refundable.
	we recommend using a reliable, traceable method when returning merchandise. save shipping and tracking numbers for proof of return delivery.
	please include the following in your return/exchange package:
	order number
	contact name, phone number, and email address
	a brief description of why you are requesting a return or exchange
	what size or other item you would like us to send back in the event of an exchange
shipping
 	continental united states shipping and handling charges
	shipping costs are calculated based on the merchandise total on the shopping cart page after discounts. use the delivery chart below to calculate shipping charges to each delivery address. we ship orders as received and will notify you of any unexpected delay. items are charged to your credit card as shipped, but all items may not be shipped at the same time or in the same package. shipping charges for the entire order are billed one time when the first item is shipped.
order totalunited states
$0 - $25.00$7.95
$25.01 - $50.00  $8.95
$50.01 - $75.00  $11.50
$75.01 - $100.00  $13.50
$100.01 - $150.00  $16.50
 $150.01free
	shipping takes 1-5 business days. 
	orders do not ship out on weekends or federal holidays as our warehouse is closed.
	tracking numbers will be sent to customers via email as soon as we receive them.
	please note that we are not responsible for packages once they are handed off to shipping providers.
international shipping
	the u.s. space and rocket center welcomes orders from our worldwide customers via telephone or mail. to inquire about international shipping, send an email to catalog@spacecamp.com. to place an order by phone, dial the appropriate us access code then 256-721-7120 monday-friday 9:00am- 3:30pm (cst)
	international shipping costs are calculated with the shipping company based on weight of the package and shipping address. we will provide quotes for shipping to the customer.




 close








sorry, your browser is not supported.


unfortunately, internet explorer can no longer accurately display current web technology. please navigate to this site using the latest version of chrome, firefox, safari, edge, or opera.












