








pet adoption & wellness center - sicsa








































































about sicsafosterdonatehumane educationeventsshopcontact ushomepet helpbehavior tips & resources for catsbehavior tips & resources for dogscommunity catscrisis animal housinglost & found petspet food & supply assistancerehoming & surrenderadditional resourcesadoptadoption processadoptable catsadoptable dogsno pet left behindveterinary serviceswellness clinicspay & neutercommunity cats and tnrcommunity veterinary clinicvolunteeradult volunteeringfosterkid & teen volunteeringpaws and tails universitydog trainingcat trainingsave livespawsitive impact clubdonateguardian angel fundcorporate giving & sponsorshipsfoundations & grant supportpet memorialwish listemployment




 



shop sicsa merchproceeds from each sale go right back to the pets in our care!shop herebecome a safe pets foster today!our safe pets program helps victims of domestic violence get the help they need.learn more hereneed to surrender a pet?how to make that decisionget assistanceinterested in adoption?find cats & dogs & learn about our process.learn moreis your pet up to date on vaccines?protect your pet from rabies and moreview servicesshop supplies & moretoys, supplies, & more.shop productsadopt your new best friendwhen you choose to adopt, you’re not only adding a devoted companion to your family, you’re helping to save lives. please check out all the dogs and cats currently available for adoption. they’re waiting to meet you!meet sammypresented by kunal patel groupadoptable dogsmeet scottiadoptable catsshop pet gifts and goodsfind a variety of pet treats and handmade items in our sicsa retail shop! all proceeds from your purchase go towards helping the pets in our care.fleece toys$2.00crocheted top dish towel$5.00crate mat$24.00shop morethe sicsa missionour mission is to promote the welfare and adoption of companion animals, and nurture loving, lifelong relationships between animals and people. to support our mission, sicsa offers numerous animal-centered programs and services for families and children.about sicsahelping pets & people0pets we helped stay with their families in 20240placements & adoptions in 20240spay & neuter services in 2024help us save more animal lives &get involvedupcoming eventsst. catrick’s day pick uplearn morefriends of sicsa spring bazaar (friday)learn morefriends of sicsa spring bazaar (saturday)learn moreview all eventsstray thoughtskeeping your cat’s curiosity alive: why enrichment mattersread moremurray finds his home after 3 years at sicsaread morety’s new start with sicsa’s president & ceoread morefound kittens? here’s what you should do.read moreview our blog




support the sicsa missiondonate todayother ways to give8172 washington church rd. dayton, oh 45458get directionsinfo@sicsa.orgadoption & help centerph 937.294.6505hoursmonday-saturday 12 – 7pmveterinary servicesph 937.965.8590hoursmonday-friday 8am – 5pmquick linkshomedonatestray thoughtsemploymentcopyright © 2025 sicsa | privacy policy | volunteer log-in

searchsubmitclearhomepet help← backbehavior tips & resources for catsbehavior tips & resources for dogscommunity catscrisis animal housinglost & found petspet food & supply assistancerehoming & surrenderadditional resourcesadopt← backadoption processadoptable catsadoptable dogsno pet left behindveterinary services← backwellness clinicspay & neutercommunity cats and tnrcommunity veterinary clinicvolunteer← backadult volunteeringfosterkid & teen volunteeringpaws and tails university← backdog trainingcat trainingsave lives← backpawsitive impact clubdonateguardian angel fundcorporate giving & sponsorshipsfoundations & grant supportpet memorialwish listemploymentabout sicsafosterdonatehumane educationeventsshopcontact ushomedonatestray thoughtsemployment
 

 
 
this website stores cookies on your computer. these cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. we use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. to find out more about the cookies we use, see our privacy policy. cookie settingsgot it | opt-outprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept










 

















skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








