








affordable student housing | berkeley student cooperative










      skip to main content
    








top navigation


bsc mail


board of directors


policy site


workshift


managers


bmd archive

















donate



join




search




search





      enter the terms you wish to search for.
    













toggle navigation








main navigation


about us 


our mission


our history


contact us


central office


member positions


executives


board of directors


house managers


jobs


financial statements


annual report


bsc social media links


bsc org chart




housing 


our houses & apartments


covid-19 information for bsc members


scholarships


summer housing


summer housing faq


frequently asked questions


summer housing rates


membership eligibility


workshift requirement


accessible housing


academic year rates


deferred payment


register to become a member




food 


how the co-op food system works


boarding meal contract info & rates


health & dietary options




member resources 


conduct


covid-19 information for bsc members


getting involved


current member frequently asked questions


workshift


visit the workshift website


accessibility


official bsc policies


maintaining a healthy community


health & safety


sexual harassment & consent


new member info


things to know for new residents


room bids


other cooperatives


how-to videos and tutorials


unit-level manager elections faqs




news & events 


calendar


news




alumni 


donate


other ways to give smarter


update your alumni contact information


alumni newsletter


visit the alumni association


alumni information


volunteer




before you apply 


workshift requirement


your rights & responsibilities























 






news





vote for the next bsc sports tournament!



  the experience and training committee (etcom) wants your input on which sport to feature in the next friendly competition!


read more about vote for the next bsc sports tournament!






recognizing our outstanding co-opers



  an important message from the bsc's vpet, hamid hakimi, about some of our outstanding co-opers!


read more about recognizing our outstanding co-opers






bsc members digest  february 3, 2025



  a new workshift opportunity from our recruitment coordinator, an update on the bsc garden revitalization plan, member jobs and more in this edition of the bmd


read more about bsc members digest  february 3, 2025






bsc members digest -- january 21, 2025



  welcome our new professional staff member, geoffrey harris, read about new jobs, and more in this edition of the bmd.


read more about bsc members digest -- january 21, 2025















welcome!


bsc member portal:loginbecome a memberwe have many vacancies for spring. if you have not yet registered, click "become a member" above. all spring 2025 spaces are first-come, first-serve. housing priority is given to: eop, disabled students-students with disabilities, undocumented and transfer students. contact our office to learn more.


our co-ops

17 houses - 3 apartment complexes





berkeley sits on the territory of xučyun, the ancestral and unceded land of the chochenyo speaking ohlone people, the successors of the sovereign verona band of alameda county. this land was and continues to be of great importance to the muwekma ohlone tribe and other familial descendants of the verona band. the muwekma ohlone people are alive and flourishing members of the berkeley and broader bay area communities today.
as residents and settlers of the east bay, it is our responsibility to recognize our relationship with this land, as we benefit from its usage, occupation, and exploitation. the muwekma ohlone people have been here for thousands of years and they are being removed by white colonizers & western institutions and displaced by settlers like us. we commit to upending the roots of settler-colonial patriarchy, white supremacy, and capitalism. we commit to solidarity with indigenous peoples’ fights for decolonization, for sovereignty, for land and water justice.














© 2025 berkeley student cooperative / (510) 848-1936 / 2424 ridge road, berkeley, ca 94709jobscontactsitemapprivacy policyein #94-0948140









