




ctec home - ctec





















find/verify a tax preparer >
crtp account login >
provider access >








 



go



 

california tax education council













crtp login         |        application for new tax preparers       |        find/verify a preparer








 








the 2024/2025 late renewal registration cycle for ctec registered tax preparers (crtps) starts november 1, 2024 and ends january 15, 2025.

click here  --> crtp login to renew your late registration
 
if a crtp does not renew their registration by the late renewal date of january 15, 2025, they will need to submit a new application, retake the 60-hour qualifying education course from a ctec-approved provider, pass a criminal background check, have a valid ptin, have a valid $5,000 tax preparer bond, and register as a new crtp.




 




taxpayer beware podcast


you're a victim of fraud. now what? you need a tax pro, but don't know who to choose. or what happens if your tax professional makes a mistake? get tips on our taxpayer beware podcast.  
listen now >  
 





find/verify a tax preparer - an individual preparing taxes for a fee may also be a licensed cpa with the california board of accountancy (www.dca.ca.gov/cba), an enrolled agent (www.irs.gov), or an attorney (www.calbar.ca.gov). you may wish to check the websites indicated to be sure the individual in question is not a cpa, ea or attorney, and, therefore, exempt from registering with ctec. if you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact ctec.












taxpayers

        are you looking for a tax preparer?  or want to file a complaint?  click here to search options, complaints, consumer tips and ctec news.
        
click here for help >







education providers

        are you an approved education provider?  or want to become ctec approved?  click here for applications, ctec policies, materials and login access.
        
click here for access >







tax professionals

        are you registered with ctec?  or would like to become registered?  click here to login, register or to find a ctec approved education provider.
        
click here for registration >




  





         
    
 
    taxpayer tips
is your tax preparer california approved?
california law says only an attorney, certified public accountant (cpa), ctec registered tax preparer (crtp) or enrolled agent (ea) can prepare tax returns for a fee.  learn more >
 






tips for choosing your tax preparer >
did you know california is one of the few states to have set requirements for paid tax preparers? before you hand over your private tax information, get tips on red flags to know and how to find a legal tax preparer.  learn more >
 






the scary truth about "ghost" tax preparers >
who are ghost tax preparers? they set up shop every tax season, prepare countless fraudulent tax returns, then disappear without a trace leaving clients to deal with the mess.  learn more >
 












help
find/verify a preparer

taxpayer tips

crtp account login

new preparer application

find an approved provider

board member access



about ctec
about us

about crtps

media room

newsletters

board meetings



resolve an issue
preparer complaint form

provider complaint form

preparer disciplinary actions

preparer bond claims

contact us








p.o. box 2890, sacramento, ca 95812-2890
•
tel: (877) 850-2832
•
fax: (877) 851-2832
•
email: info@ctec.org



en español






















