






snider-blake personnel | custom staffing solutions






































about
are you in need of temporary associates?
 












jobs
employees
locations
apply online
pay stub log in
document center
 


select page


  
 
 










find your next job with snider-blake!

snider-blake personnel provides quality employment opportunities for our employees and practical workforce solutions for our partners.


apply now
offices near you









i am a jobseeker
new to snider-blake and looking for a new employment opportunity. 

learn more



i am an employee
on a current work assignment or a returning employee looking for a new assignment.

get started







 benefits of working with snider-blake 

snider-blake is more than just another employment agency. we provide our employees with work assignments that fit their needs and unique skills. we offer an environment for growth and we encourage advancement.








snider-blake pays weekly








start next day or next available day for some assignments








on-line accessible employment resources 










quick application process 








competitive pay 








temp-to-hire opportunities









find jobs by location








independence
ohio








akron
ohio








elyria
ohio








columbus east
ohio










columbus west
ohio








allentown
pennsylvania








martinsville
virginia








indianapolis
indiana










bolingbrook
illinois








florence
kentucky








louisville
kentucky








atlanta
georgia









testimonials





very professionalmary is very professional, prompt, knowledgeable and she went above n beyond to help me fix a few things i personally was having an issue accomplishing. i spoke with her this morning and told her my info n app we’re complete and i really was looking for a job that was now and permanent. i have an interview tomorrow at 12:30 p.m. she is always helpful and kind.. “kristi c. (louisville)  made me feel like she caresbeen working on assignment for a month now and i think estepany is a really great site supervisor. she has addressed every problem i had with efficiency and made me feel like she cares. thank you estepany.sarah m.  (cleveland)  100% professionalyahmaya at the west branch needs to be recognized. 100% professional. never had a temp service experience like today. devin at the east branch he’s the man get with these people get placed today stop dealing with other temps.lelian m.  (columbus)  








partnerships

find the right staff for your needs!
partner with snider-blake to find the most qualified candidates for your company’s needs.


snider-blake personnel has the experience, size and expertise to bring you the most qualified employees. as a staffing partner, there is no one better prepared to maximize the productivity of your workforce.  we are here for you ever step of the way. 

ready to take the first step?

book a meeting with our partnership team







we welcome you to join our family to experience the snider-blake difference.




we contribute to our local communities by offering quality employment opportunities and continuing our philanthropic efforts.  
our agency positions itself as a cornerstone in each community that we serve, bringing our solid family values to the workplace.   

learn more about us



 









snider-blake personnel corporate office

4200 rockside rd., suite 208 independence, ohio 44131

phone: 216-781-7011
fax: 216-781-7022 



for jobseekers


application
about us
contact us




for employees


paystub
faqs
contact us
login
no surprises act info




company


about us
partnerships
locations
contact us
terms and conditions
privacy policy






© 2025 snider-blake personnel. all rights reserved.



 




translate » 

















