





















cccna - utah cna - certified nurse aide instruction





































click here to register for cna class







 






cna classes are hybrid
half is done online
plus three in-class days
plus three clinical days

three 9-hour in-class days
in-class days are held every month (days vary)  at this address: 
5282 south commerce drive, murray
three 8-hour clinical days
clinical days are scheduled on various days at various nursing homes (you will sign-up during an in-class day)
    

	cost
you will pay online and the cost is $550
the state testing fee of $110 is not included
why cccna?
sign-up and start immediately!
you have 3 months to complete your course work
instructors are available every day (including weekends)  by phone, text, or email 
our first-attempt pass rate for the state exam is over 90%!







view larger map






 






$550 price includes
classical classroom education
(instructors are registered nurses)
textbook (in english) online
(paper copy costs extra)
clinical instruction arrangements
(hands-on at a healthcare facility)
state cna exam preparation
(repeat practice tests until you are ready)
for additional fees
cpr certification & card
(for an additional fee)









class descriptions
cna certification
phlebotomy class
iv therapy class
course disclosure
all costs












course materials
2019 vocabulary
diseases & conditions list

unar core curriculum guide
unar cna state exam guide

quizlet
thinkific

password protected tests
skills worksheet
skills pass-offs












click here to register (thinkific)










frequently asked questions
what is a cna?
why do i need a certification to work as a cna?
the nursing home reform act, adopted by congress as part of the omnibus reconciliation act of 1987 (obra),
defines training and evaluation standards for cna personnel who work in long term care facilities. utah cna personnel must pass a state cna 
certification examination after completion of a state approved training program. cccna offers such a training a program, which is approved 
and monitored by the state of utah.  this training class prepares utah cna students to take the utah cna certification exam.  additionally, 
many nursing schools require cna certification before admission into their lpn and rn programs.

what does the abbreviation “cna” stand for?
 certified nurse assistant, certified nursing assistant, certified nurse aide, and certified nurse's aide 
are the most common interpretations of cna. certified nurse aid (without an "e" on the end) is incorrect, as the word "aid" means the 
giving of assistance, while "aide" (with an "e") means the person who gives assistance.
what will i be doing as a cna?
cna personnel provide hands on physical care of residents such as: taking vital signs, assisting with meals,
walking residents, dressing residents, showering residents, changing bed linens, and assisting residents with personal hygiene.
 a utah cna will spend his or her time working directly with the residents and are a vital member of the healthcare team.
 the utah nursing assistant registry (unar) website provides an excellent description of what the 
class will teach, what the test will cover, and what you will be doing as a cna.
before you register
why should i choose cccna for my utah cna training?
the utah nursing assistant registry monitors the “pass-rate” for students taking the 
utah cna certification examination, and tracks the performance of all utah cna training programs in utah.  based on these
 “pass-rate” statistics cccna has a long history of being consistently ranked among the best utah cna training programs.
 one reason for such high marks is that cccna is owned and run by its instructors and continuously monitors and improves its course
 content to insure that all cccna students are fully prepared to confidently take their place in the exciting world of healthcare
 – beginning with the state examination. 
how can i find out more?

(1) ask a cna. since cccna has been teaching utah cna students for over 15 years, it is highly likely that you can find a utah cna that has taken the class from cccna.  past students are our most valuable marketing asset - we have a great reputation! 
(2) ask the unar. by calling (801)547-9947 you can speak with the state agency that monitors and certifies all cna training programs in utah.  they can not recommend one training program over another, but they can provide you with acknowledgement of the good standing that cccna has with the state. 
(3) ask an instructor.  you are welcome to call and speak with either instructor directly!  the phone numbers shown at the top of this web page are the direct numbers to the instructors (claudia and carol).  feel free to call if you have additional questions that are not answered above. 
do i have to be 18 years old to take the cna class?
 no. you must be at least sixteen (16) years old to take the class.
can i register if i have been convicted of a felony?
no. other schools may allow this, but cccna does not.
does cccna provide instruction in spanish?
no. many of our students speak english as a second language, and do very well.  but cccna provides instructional materials in the english language only. there may be other utah cna training programs that provide spanish language instruction, but cccna does not. 
does the cost (shown above) include everything?
yes. we offer a single package price for the cna class that bundles everything together including: cna certification class with practice tests, hands-on (clinical) hours arrangements, and a textbook to borrow!
we can not include the fee that unar charges for the cna examination, and there might be other costs and fees described here.
are there sources of financial aid available?
sometimes. in rare cases, some nursing homes will occasionally provide financial assistance to certain employee candidates seeking utah cna certification.  this type of offer varies significantly by facility, and over time, and is based on needs within the industry.   there is no way that cccna can monitor which facilities are currently offering this type of  assistance – so do not ask cccna.  rather, you should direct such questions to the nursing home(s) in which you are interested in working.  the utah division of workforce services also may provide financial assistance to certain individuals who qualify for their services.  cccna is an approved vendor/trainer for utah wfs. 
when are classes offered?
we usually offer two or three utah cna classes per month in hopes of providing you with a convenient class time 
to fit your busy schedule.  most cna classes are offered on four different schedules; mornings, days, nights, and weekends.  click on the class
calendar link above to see when classes are offered over the next few months.

before your class starts
can i prepare for class before it starts?
yes.  you should read the unar-provided information prior to attending the class, and it would be very helpful you have
started to memorize the vocabulary list and the beginning & ending proceudres.  links to these are under the study guides section above.
what should i bring to class?
you should think of this as going to school.  bring a notepad and pencil, and be prepared to read and study
the text book and other materials.
do i need to wear scrubs to class?
no. you may wear any comfortable clothes to class, but you will need scrubs for hands-on (clinical) hours.
may i bring food to eat/snack during class?
no. you may bring "brown bag" meals to eat during breaks, but only water may be consumed during class times.
during your class
what class like?
the class is a mixture of interactive lectures, video presentations, and hands on skills practice with various
health care related devices and instruments.  pay attention to the teachers - you will be tested!   there will be appropriate dinner breaks. 
how does cccna teach?
all cccna classes are taught in an “instructor-lead” classroom setting by two highly experienced 
registered nurses (claudia and carol), in a fairly fast-paced curriculum. this is not a self-paced, computerized program. 
nor is this a semester-long curriculum scheduled to fit within an academic calendar.  the cccna curriculum provides you with the knowledge and 
skills to learn-then-earn in the most efficient manner possible. 
what if i change my mind and don't want to become a cna?
you must decide within the first day of class. refund policies are described in the link above.
what if i miss a class?
your pass-date will be delayed because you will have to make up your missed-class within a later class.
what are clinicals?
clinicals are on-the-job, hands-on work experience - with patient interaction - within long-term-care facilties. many students 
complete their hands-on (clinical) hours requirements within the class time,  some do not finish their hands-on (clinical) requirement until a week or two after the 
classroom time is completed.
when and where are hands-on (clinical hours) held?
you will sign up for hands-on (clinical) hours during the first class. you can click on the clinicals schedule link above
to get a feel for where and how often our hands-on (clinical hours) are arranged.
can i arrange for my own hands-on (clinical) hours?
no. clinical instructors (employed by cccna) are present during hands-on (clinical) hours to work with (and sign off) our utah cna 
students.
what if i miss my hands-on (clinical) hours?
you will be fined. it is not fair to others for you to occupy a clinicals spot that you do not attend.
how do i pass?
after you have completed all class hours and all of your hands-on (clinical) hours, cccna will give you a "final" test. passing this
"final" test indicates you have passed and are ready to take the state cna examination. after you are entered into the state database, you will get an email with
instructions on how to pay for and take the certification tests.
before the state examination
can i take the state exam the day after i pass the cccna "final" test?
no, after you pass the "final" test, cccna enters your name and address into a state computer system - indicating 
that you are prepared to take the state exam. unar will immediately send you an email with information on how to pay and schedule your certification exam. 
where can i take the state exam?
when can i take the state exam?
how do i pay for the state exam?
state cna examinations are administered by the utah nursing assistant registry (unar), and they maintain a very informative website.


after you are a cna
does cccna provide job placement?
no. cccna does not provide job placement, nor do we in any way guarantee nor promise job placement.  however, there 
is a continuous demand for utah cna certified personnel within nursing homes.  also, the facilities utilized by cccna for clinical training 
may occasionally hire those cna students that take it upon themselves to apply through normal employment channels. 
will i be able to find a job as a utah cna?
probably. there are many jobs available for utah cna certified personnel in long-term care and assisted living 
facilities in utah as well as in other states (certification may or may not be accepted by other states). there are also utah cna positions 
available in hospitals, hospice, palliative care, and home health facilities as well. 
what will i be paid as a cna?
starting hourly rate for a utah cna (in utah) is approximately $18 to $20 per hour. 
will i have to renew my utah cna certification periodically?
 yes. you will need to renew your utah cna certification every two years.























