




welcome • ainsworths • the first name in homoeopathy





























important message to all our customers×
we are experiencing delays with shipping orders outside the uk, due to the new regulations for shippers since the uk left the eu.  we are working hard to resume a normal service but if you are ordering for delivery outside the uk, please be aware that your orders may take longer to arriveplease be aware when ordering outside of the uk that local taxes and duties may be applied to orders by local customs, independently of our delivery charges, and are the responsibility of the customer.we thank you for your understanding.

 got it!







 +44 (0)1883 340332





the first name in homoeopathy
エインズワースホメオパシー薬局


explore ainsworthshomeabout ainsworthsabout ainsworthscustomer testimonialscontact ainsworthslinksfrequently asked questionsterms & conditionsprivacy policyproduct categorieshomoeopathic remediesainsworths remedy storeainsworths remedy selectorthe ainsworths counter rangepractitioner suppliesainsworths combination remediesainsworths remedy kitscreamsainsworths veterinary approved kitsainsworths farming productsbach flower remediesabout bach flower remediesdr. bach's emotional groups and coloursbach flower remedies quick guidebach flower remedies mind mapbach flower coursesbuy individual bach flower remediesbach flower setemergency sprayemergency creamfriends for lifecleanse & protectpet friendsearch

















welcome
ainsworths specialise in the making and provision of traditional homoeopathic remedies and the individual preparation of bach flower remedies.

buy now







ahh cream
a specially formulated high facial quality cream, containing natural anti-oxidants and a unique natural plant combination.

buy now







bryonia linctus
an old favourite, bryonia linctus is a soothing preparation to ease those tickly or hacking winter coughs.

buy now











cleanse & protect
our spray is prepared with organic flower essences, in dosage strength, according to the recommendations and methods of dr edward bach.

buy now








emergency spray
we have enhanced dr. bach’s original rescue formula by adding additional bach flower remedies to provide an anti-stress combination.

buy now







previous



next








ainsworths homoeopathic remedies


specialists in the making and provision of traditional homoeopathic remedies and in the individual preparation of bach flower remedies since 1974


get out of hours homoeopathic advice from swift visit swift homeopathy clinic




ainsworths counter range
select a remedy from our popular counter range or buy the full kit.


buy now







remedy store
choose from our full range of single remedies or make your own combination.


start now







bryonia linctus
bryonia linctus is a soothing preparation to ease those winter coughs.


buy now







creams
order from our standard range or simply choose your own.


buy now







veterinary products
everything you need for your pet.


buy now







ainsworths farming
keep your herd or flock without resorting to drugs.


more information







bach flower remedies


carefully prepared in accordance with dr. bach's methods from top quality flower essences




about dr. bach’s flower remedies
read more about how dr. bach’s work lead to his flower remedies.


read more







bach flower remedies
choose from the full range of dr. bach’s flower remedies, carefully prepared in accordance with his methods.


shop now







bach flower certified courses
choose your dates from our regularly run london courses.


book now







emergency spray
uniquely alcohol-free, with a gentle no-taste formula


buy now







emergency cream
pure and natural, specially formulated and exclusive to ainsworths


buy now







friends for life
our range of bach flower combinations, specially formulated to simply assist with the challenges of modern life.


buy now







what our customers say






i know very little about homeopathy and was recommended by a friend to call ainsworths as my 17 year old son is having various problems. sharon was incredibly helpful and kind, and seemed to grasp things very quickly, so i just wanted to say how refreshing and reassuring it was to come across someone so competent, astute and professional.






read more



cookies on this site

×


this site uses third party cookies to provide an enhanced experience.
 accept
 reject
 details



links
contact us
testimonials
more links
terms & conditions
privacy policy


products
all categories
remedy store
remedy kits
bach flower remedies


contact ainsworths
pharmacy/shop/consulting rooms
36 new cavendish street, london w1g 8uf
t: +44 (0)20 7935 5330 f: +44 (0)20 7486 4313
email: london@ainsworths.com
orders
42 high street, caterham, surrey cr3 5ub
t: +44 (0)1883 340332
email: enquiries@ainsworths.com








© 2025 ainsworths (london) limited







