



home




























































9-5x5 support
1-201-986-2047




e-mail
support@daragon.com












login












search...






about

services

news

products


lenovo showcase
new jersey court collector
my•asset•tracker
my•it•tickets


blog


blog post


contact us

















welcome to daragon software
since our establishment, we have been delivering high-quality and sustainable software solutions for corporate business purposes.read more










award-winning software
the software solutions developed by our company have beennumerously awarded for usability and innovative features.read more >>













our services






windows applications
we design and develop a variety of applications for windows including specialized and custom software.learn more  >>








database management
daragon software provides top-notch database management solutions for small and medium businesses worldwide.learn more  >>








products
our best-of-breed product offerings ensure optiumum use and roi..learn more  >>








njcc
never fear another state audit with our state-of-the-art software specifically designed for the new jersey court systems.learn more  >>








myassettracker
never fear another audit with our state-of-the-art software designed specifically for tracking regulated assests.learn more  >>








my•it•tickets
ticket management service is a web based service designed to facilitate the tracking and distribution of service requests between your end users and the it department with any internet connected device.learn more  >>










why choose us

















high quality hardware
we use top-notch hardware to develop the most efficient apps for our customers.




















dedicated support
you can rely on our tech support that will gladly solve any app issue you may have.




















high level of usability
all our products have high usability allowing users to easily operate the apps.















some facts about us
more than 100 applications developedread more









1k

apps installed









10

awards won









1+

staff members









99%

satisfied customers





















our clients










michael johnson
regular client












daragon software offers a high caliber of resources skilled in microsoft azure .net, mobile and quality assurance. they became our true business partners over the past three years of our cooperation.











rachel adams
regular client












daragon software is a highly skilled and uniquely capable firm with multitudes of talent on-board. we have collaborated on a number of diverse projects that have been a great success.





























1-201-986-2047
our support service is available 9-5 est
make a payment (by credit card online, securely)






subscribe
get the latest updates and offers





your e-mail


subscribe






about us

our company has been developing high-quality and reliable software for corporate needs since 1990.








latest news






small business moment-of-truth #1: servers vs. workstations
january 12, 2018






small business moment-of-truth #2: retail vs. commercial pcs
january 12, 2018





useful links




db management
windows apps
android apps
ios/macos apps
ux design




tutorials
product support
contact us
blog











©   daragon software, inc. privacy policy

faq
support












