





















































skip to content












purchase tickets                                    




















 



 





 3 old us hwy 80, tybee island, ga 31328


 912-658-2322


 captderek@comcast.net














home
purchase tickets
map & directions
tour photos
tour videos
contact us
film industry
faq’s
 






















 













































 





tour info 











experience the thrill of encountering dolphin in their natural habitat while taking in breathtaking views of tybee’s serene coastal waters. from historic lighthouses, to majestic fort pulaski, to dolphins playing next to the boat, our tours offer something for everyone! and oh, did we mention our enchanting sunset cruises? 










faq's for your trip click here















 







cockspur lighthouse live  



 






click for live feed























what makes our dolphin tour different from the competition? 











our boats have the higher horsepower engines which produce a wake (waves behind the boat). dolphins just love to jump in our wake. (if dolphins are mating or feeding we will not attempt to get them to jump) 







we allow you to bring your own food and drinks on board. for those of you who don’t want to bring your own, we have drinks and snacks for sale at our dock house.  







we never take a boat to capacity unless a private group has consented for us to do so. when you book a tour, we want you to be comfortable and not packed in like sardines!  







we do not force you to stand for the duration of the tour. everyone gets a seat, and you are welcome to walk around once the all clear has been given. there is plenty of shade on each boat as well as uncovered areas for those who like the sun. 

















 





book your adventure! 











 



daytime dolphin tours 



 tours are historically narrated with each first mate and captain adding their own stories here and there and maybe even a corny joke or two. we invite you to come join us! each tour is its own unique adventure sure to create memories of a lifetime! tours last 1 to 1.5 hours. 







 



sunset dolphin tours 



our sunset dolphin tours combine the thrills of our regular dolphin tours with the magnificent beauty of the sunset. wow moments await! tours last 1 to 1.5 hours.  







 



private tours 



if you are want a private tour just for your group, give us a call and we will be happy to discuss our rates and availabilities.  







 



group tours 



we offer reduced rates for groups of 10 or more. our boats are able to accommodate groups of up to 137. our largest boat, appropriately named monster, can comfortably accommodate up to 62 passengers, so we are able to take a bus full on just one boat! 

















 





rates 











daytime tours:adults $27.95 plus tax (ages 13+)children ages 12 and under $17.95 plus taxchildren ages 2 and under are $5.00 plus tax 







sunset dolphin tours:adults $37.95 plus tax (ages 13+)children ages 12 and under $22.95 plus taxchildren ages 2 and under are $5.00 plus tax 







private tours and group rates:are available upon request. please call for pricing. 



























we are located at.... 






















 
































 













handicap accessibility
 



"restrooms on board every boat"  







pet friendly
 







dolphin guarantee
 











a few of our boats are handicap accessible, but please call before booking to let us know you have a disability which requires the handicap accessible boat. we will be happy to check availability and will add a note to your booking that you will need assistance.if you or a member of your party is handicapped, we do have parking close to our dock. our handicap parking entrance is directly across the highway from the welcome to tybee island sign. the driveway is marked as private property, but it is ok to park there if you are handicapped and if you are booked on our tour. 







we are pet friendly as long as the pet is people friendly. if your dog is a “barker” please be considerate of your fellow passengers and do not bring the dog on board. also, we ask thatyour pet be up to date on all his or her vaccinations. and our pet friendly policy is for dogs only, and it certainly does not include pet reptiles. yes, we had an albino python once, so we feel forced to amend our pet policy. 🙂 







one of our captains is fond of saying “this is the real world not sea world!” we would love to say that we find dolphin on every tour, but dolphin are wild animals, and every now and then we get… well, we get “skunked”. if you don’t find dolphin on a tour, you are welcome to go again for free. and, we go one step better! if you are on a tour and the captain feels that the dolphin sightings aren’t up to par with our usual dolphin experience, we will also honor our dolphin guarantee. weunderstand that people may be going back home after their tybee island vacation, but rest assured, our dolphin guarantee has no expiration date! we flagthe trips that do not find dolphin so that there is no hassle when you take us up on your guarantee. 













rated #1 on tripadvisor 


 







find us on facebook 
 








copyright 2023 tybee dolphin adventure |
					 design & develop by amplethemes  



 















