


  










home page - mugs4coffee


















































					    	        for all your personalised coffee mug needs - individual and corporate						         












home page
corporate mugs
how to order
personalised mugs
promotional mugs
armed forces
about us
blog
email us



























 
 














































personalised coffee mugs corporate, business and personal
personalised coffee mugs are ideal for a range of purposes from a personal gift, to corporate promotions, to business branding.
some people use them as a desk tidy. others put them on ornamental display. we have heard of them containing tea. and, in some places, they are even used as coffee mugs!

whatever the purpose, there is something special about a personalised coffee mug. that is why we ensure the mugs we supply to you are made to last. the features include:

your company logo, photograph or other design is printed into not onto the coffee mug.


a special coating is used to suit the latest printing technology.


each ceramic mug has a smooth, high-gloss finish.


the images are highly resistant to general wear and tear.


the process we use, known as sublimation, provides excellent colour matching (although exact match cannot be guaranteed).


you can have any number of colours, wording of your choice and an image on each side.


all coffee mugs are 11oz capacity, with a height of 9.5cm and a diameter of 8cm.




minimum order is 1!
we do not have a minimum order policy – you can order one mug if that’s all you want.
most orders are fulfilled within four working days of payment being received


>> how to place your order >>

the price you will pay:
you might think we’re the mugs, but we pride ourselves on high quality and low prices!
plus there are no set-up charges. 

the pricing is: number of personalised coffee mugs of the same design.
1-2 mugs is £7 each
3 -10 mugs is £6.50 each
11 -20 mugs is £6 each
21 -35 mugs is £5 each





for orders of 36 mugs of the same design the cost per mug is £3.55
please check out our pricing structure on our ‘corporate mugs’ page for orders of 36 or more mugs










we have numerous requests from companies wishing to have personalised mugs for their employees

this normally takes the form of the company logo on the front of the mug and the employee’s name on the other side. 
quite often we are asked to add beverage details such as tea – no milk, one sugar etc
these mugs are classed as individual mugs and are normally priced at £7 each


however


if you order 36 or more mugs we will provide this service at a cost of 85p per mug on top of the normal corporate rate (£4.23 per mug for 36) 
plus carriage @ £9 per box of 36 mugs
if you wish to order less than 36 mugs – contact us for a competitive price




personalised coffee mugs for everyone
thanks to the personalisation, there is a coffee mug for every person and all occasions.
here are just a few examples of mugs we’ve produced including:



a comprehensive range of “keep calm” coffee mugs, which are available as “off the peg” or fully personalised
.humorous individually-personalised mugs.


coffee mugs for fund-raisers.

            



uk armed forces – 10% discount
if you are acting on behalf of our uk armed forces (army, royal navy, royal air force or reserves), 
please click here to see our “military mugs” page.













other examples of our personalised coffee mugs are:
 


merseyside transport trust requested a range of fund-raising, limited-edition coffee mugs, depicting buses in their area.


scottishpower required mugs for an advertising campaign.


the royal institute of navigation wanted to feature their new logo.


local artist sandra hepworth displays some of her work.


a publishing company chose the artwork of one of their artists, elaine delmaine.













>> how to place your order >>

ps: also, check out our facebook page.









 
















































    	     mugs 4 coffee have been producing promotional, personalised and company logo coffee mugs for over 10 years. we are based in liverpool, uk.our personalised coffee mugs are one of the best and most cost effective ways to promote your business, message and logo.	     



    		©  copyright 2013    		









