








replacement hot spa tub covers by lillypad cover company




















































skip to content



 





pricing
measuring & ordering
about
shipping
testimonials
contact
search



open mobile menuclose mobile menu 



search












replacement hot tub spa covers
















welcome, glad you found us!!

business est. 1994





 :: scroll down page for product pricing
replacement hot tub covers
good prices • more choices
quick delivery
all hot tub covers are custom made to fit your hot tub
delivery is $29.00
call 604-341-1012 or toll free 1-888-227-0004
bc, alberta, ontario
including the rest of canada *some exceptions
click here for > metro vancouver
click here for > vancouver island

click here for out of town > bc hot tub covers
click here for > alberta hot tub covers
click here for > ontario hot tub covers

prices and product will vary according to manufacturing and shipping costs to each area.
we ship to most places, most products, to usa and canada.
why lillypad?
i am asked this question from time to time. there are many good companies manufacturing hot tub covers and we are one of them.
* we were the first in our area to go factory direct
* all orders placed on the internet are confirmed to be correct by telephone prior to processing
* we take full responsibility for transport to guarantee your hot tub cover arrives as new
* your hot tub cover measurements are kept on file for replacement (many years from now!). our custom made spa covers use cold and sun resistant materials. metal c channels notched into the foam board add support for snow load. the foam board is enclosed in plastic. tie down straps are included.
(affiliate factories may vary slightly.)
click here for spa cover lifters
click here for pictures of manufacturing






cdn. funds


economy hot tub cover
3″x2″ thick tapered
price includes hi-density foam
economy cover is not recommended for covers larger than 78″ x 78″ in either direction.


$469.00
 


deluxe hot tub cover
4″x2″ thick tapered
price includes hi-density foam
$489.00


ultra hot tub cover
4″x3″ thick tapered
price includes hi-density foam

$509.00


thick hot tub cover
5″x3″ thick tapered
price includes hi‑density upgrade

$529.00


ultimate antarctica hot tub cover
5″x4″ thick tapered
price includes hi‑density upgrade

$559.00



* higher density inner foam board on the above are:

up to 50% stronger
up to 33% more resistant to water absorption
up to 8% higher insulation value (per inch of thickness)

as your cover gets thicker it gets stronger and you save more on your heating bill (up to $100.00 per year).


a “you should have” : double sealed vapour barrier on foam – doubling the protection from moisture of the foam panels keeping them lighter longer
only $25.00


a “you’ll wish you had” : 2 handles on the underside of cover to assist in removal and replacement. makes using your cover lifter a snap. easier to handle even if you don’t have a lifter.
only $25.00


colour samples:  see colour samples on “ordering page”


delivery charges may apply on accessories


bubble floating covers
$69.00




recommended for all hot tub covers. floating covers slow down the process of your main cover getting heavy.




poly foam floating blanket
$129.00


click here for more information on the floating blanket


spa cover cap
the spa cover cap helps protect your cover from tree fall out and dirt. when the spa is running all winter then the cover cap with a 12″ skirt and elastic sewn into the hem fits easily over the rigid spa cover to protect it from the winter elements.
7’x7′ – $79.00
8’x8′ – $89.00


hot tub and spa vacuum – $99.00
great easy-to-use vacuum. no batteries or water hookups. totally self-contained. just pull up on the handle & watch the dirt, bugs, leaves, pebbles & other “stuff” get sucked up into the easy to clean filter.
comes complete with slide-on brush, leaf net, wide end nozzle, dual end nozzle & wall mounting bracket.click picture to enlarge



applicable taxes and freight are extra.
no taxes in u.s.a.
bc 12%
rest of canada gst or hst where applicable
shipping usually in 10 to 14 days, not including weekends and holidays.
 
ordering










high quality replacement spa covers
home & pricing
about us
contact us
shipping
testimonials

ordering

 
british columbia - locations served
 
more hot tub products from our sister companies:
these links do not have free shipping as products are shipped from out of town locations.
cover lifters
remove covers from your hot tub with ease
privacy screens
	hide from the nosy neighbours
 
we deliver hot tub covers to bc out of town locations
phone:
(604) 341-1012
toll free: 
1-888-227-0004
location
box 31516
pitt meadows, bc
canada v3y 2g7
mailing address only

fax:  (604) 460-9415
email:
lillypadcover@shaw.ca
 
spa covers also shipped from the closest affiliate factory in ontario, canada with reduced freight rates. 
lillypad cover company - manufacturer of quality hot tub covers and spa covers












copyright lillypad cover company 2025 - all rights reserved
pricing
measuring & ordering
about
shipping
testimonials
contact





back to top


search




















