


 








sign in
sign-up




 




 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close


                                                                  time marches on, welcome to 2012                                                                                                   this is your organization, your website.  you want something posted let the webmaster know.                      the website will be under construction for the next year, taking on a new look....    "support our troops" welcome to the retired military police association site for those local to fort bragg, the newly formed chapter 1 will continue to meet on the first saturday of each month location to be announced (2 june *** fuller rec center on old bunce rd), we will start at 0830. further information can be obtained by contacting one of our officers/board members bring your wife, bring a new member, join in the comraderie (see you there?)as a national organization we are always looking for new members nationwide...dues for 2008 are $15.00... i am still feeling nostalgic. if you have seen this click below: times change & people change be patient...slow loading file... rmpa national organization -- is seeking a secretary. the director of the rmpa, oland little is looking for a volunteer to serve as the rmpa secretary until the conference in october.  at the same time if there is anyone interested in seeking the position through the election process, please comply with  article v of the rmpa constitution when submitting their name.please submit names to oland little. rmpa director  at oblbpl@aol.com or tommy strickland at helen47@embarqmail.comfayetteville/ft bragg chapter -- information for those local to fayetteville, nc only: meets at the fuller recreation center on bunce road at 0830.  breakfast is $10.00 dollars per person (still catered) whatever your belly will hold. just a reminder that the monthly meeting/breakfast of chapter 1, rmpa, normallys meet the 1st saturday of each month. time: between 0800 & 0830.georgia chapter -- information for those local to augusta, ga only: no information to report. send information to the webmaster and it will be posted.south carolina chapter -- information for those local to columbia, sc: no information to report. send information to the webmaster and it will be posted. worth watching...   if i may be inpolitically correct...click here for ultimate freedom click here for the military police memorial pagesworth watching; click here "my beautiful america" worth watching; click here "the wrong army"  webmaster's notes  military police memorial  military police units & history  rmpa 500 club  organization applications to join the rmpa can be downloaded from the contact page  rmpa message board  photo memories find a soldier and thank them for all they do!!! this the sign mack posted for our troops and their families click here if you haven't had a good laugh in a while. lmao is a term that will be produced when you view this!!! click here for "the fallen heroes memorial" for all of our fallen comrades current urgent terrorist alert bulletin; click here "urgent bulletin" (pps required)click here for "a tribute to our armed forces" click here for iraqi freedom photos click here for old time actors and true heroes (check the links of this great american site) this site is under continually  until we get it right.... last updated jan 2010 suggestions, recommendations, pictures, or information should be forwarded by e-mail to the webmaster            






