











coastal gps | gps tracking fleet maintenance vehicle management


















                        menu 



gps tracking
fleet management
hardware
about

contact
 login








fleet management

gps tracking

driver analysis


fleet management
                    |
                    gps tracking
                    |
                    driver analysis


 








services

                        coastal gps is dedicated to staying at the forefront of technology and offering constant evolving functionality for our customers.
                        
                        we are focused on delivering high quality software to help your business grow.
                    





gps tracking

                            whether you deploy buses, box trucks, cars or heavy machinery, we can help you locate your expensive assets at the press of a button.
                            
                            our software offers live gps tracking, vehicle route history, instant reporting of vehicle diagnostic trouble codes, dangerous driving alerts & driver report cards, oil maintenance alerts, daily mileage, stop reports and more allowing fleet managers to monitor vehicle locations, box temperatures and routes in real-time.
                            
                        




fleet management

                            accurately plan routes and create the most efficient drivers. view mechanical and odometer driven maintenance alerts. see your refrigerated box temp reports, daily mileage and interactive history reports with location and times. see where your vehicles have been, how long they were there and get data for every minute they traveled.
                            
                            with this level of visibility, you can optimize routes, increase safety, reduce fuel consumption and enhance overall fleet efficiency.
                        




driver analysis

                            analyze driver's trip data day by day and minute by minute.

                            
                            get alerts and see reports for speeding or harsh cornering, acelerating or braking, possible fender bender and possible impacts.

                            
                            view stop reports, daily mileage, speeding reports, hazardous driving and driver's scorecard.
                        











 what is fleet management software?

                                fleet management software is a very useful tool for managing your inventory of heavy machinery, cargo containers, trailers, dumpsters, vehicles and more. 
                                
                                our cloud based servers collects, stores, reports and analyzes different information related to specific jobs or activities your fleet performs.
                                
                                coastal gps's software detects your drivers' exact locations as they complete deliveries or services across the map. our solution helps you manage your assets, identify operational deficiencies and create optimized schedules and routes for your team.
                            




 how does gps tracking work?

                                our web based application uses the global position system (gps) satellites to track your objects precise location in real-time through a gps chip in our plug-n-play modules, which then transmit the data instantly through a 3g/4g worldwide gsm cellular chip to our servers.
                                
                                the modules sends the geolocation data and key telemetrics from your asset's computers with each ping the cloud server receives.
                                

                                this information can then be viewed and analyzed on our secure encrypted cloud based web application.
                            













fleet maintenance scheduling



                                    get alerts for any vehicle's scheduled maintenance. when the odometer hits any of your custom set intervals you will be alerted for that specific service. never check mileage again!
                                







vehicle routing



                                    optimize routes with googles directions api. take into consideration weather, traffic, tolls, bridges and more. add waypoints to your routes with ease. assign a vehicle their route and go!
                                







geofencing



                                    define and assign a virtual geographical boundary around any address! when a asset enters or exits this boundary a system alert will popup and a live alert will be sent out if you have either or both alert options selected!
                                







live location share



                                    want to be known for your customer service? share your vehicle's live location link to deliver best-in-class eta accuracy and next to eliminate the "when's my delivery showing up" calls.
                                







reporting tools



                                    pinpoint key performance indicators, shorten route times and lower fuel costs by identifying issues ahead of time. view and analyze your long term data to improve your fleet management and routing logistics.
                                







map choice



                                    use google's street maps, google earth's satellite views or join them together for a google earth view with street overlays. research has found that we experience colors differently, so choose light map, dark map silver map!
                                







aerial view



                                    immediately access an aerial map view of your asset. hit the google earth button and route their navigation to the delivery bay, through a maze of buildings and easily track stolen property.
                                







plug -n- play



                                    simply plug the device into your on board diagnostic (obd2) port, login and go! no need to download or install software, our web based application is desktop and mobile ready!
                                







no activation or equipment cost



                                    we offer advanced features at a comptetive rate, with no activation or equipment cost.  *equipment must be returned at end of service.











coastal gps hardware






plug in gps tracker


                                our easiest module to use. simply plugs in directly to the obd2 port under your dashboard. this module will have you up and running in seconds. easily swap the module to your other vehicles to check for diagnostic issues or for temporary tracking. once you're done, just plug it back in!
                            





custom features gps tracker


                                do you need to track your cargo's temperatures, check for power take-off (pto) or need the ability to disable the starter? we have you covered. discuss with us your needs and we will make it happen. this device also provides discrete tamper proof installation and works with any 12 volt power source.
                            







solar powered gps tracker


                                our solar powered gps trackers are perfect for trailers, pods, cargo containers and more. it's companct size (12" x 8" x 1") and light weight of only 1.54 lbs will help take you anywhere the sun shines. built-in motion detection alerts, removal of device and low battery alarms. easily installs in 10 mins.
                                                                                                                        
                                when the panel is hardwired to a power source (trailer in tow), the internal battery will charge and show your asset in real time. when the trailer disconnects from the tractor, the device will switch to asset tracking mode with its internal battery.
                            





hardwired gps tracking


                                need asset tracking for your heavy machinery, trailer or construction equipment? supply the power directly from the vehicle and hide the module away. track your assets without the module even being seen. this rugged waterproof (ip66) module is easy to install with its 3 wire configuration. customize the module with other add-ons like temperature sensors, power take off or remote power shut off.
                            










about coastal gps


                        we have over 25 years programming in mapping, database architecture, security and web applications. after working and consulting with many different gps companies, we felt a need for an application that was just super simple to use. so, what sets coastal gps apart from the others? ease of use. a user interface and user experience you will not get anywhere else.

                                                                                                    

                        we give you the ability to speak directly with our developers, to request additional functionality and features. we are eager to offer the latest and greatest to all our clients. as we add to our software applications, everyone gets access!

                                                                                                    


                        we have live dedicated support to answer all your questions. just hit the chat icon in your map view and we will get right back to you! no more unanswered questions, we are here for you 7 days a week via chat!
                                                                                                    

as we grow  you grow











contact us

 info@coastalgps.com









a name is required.




an email is required.
email is not valid.




a phone number is required.






a message is required.




send message









 

                        coastal gps is the easiest gps tracking & fleet management software as a service available.

                                                                                                
 neptune, nj 07753

                                                                                                

                        © 2024 coastal gps llc | all rights reserved

                    

gps products
fleet management software

gps tracking

fleet dispatch routing

business fleet tracking

asset tracking

gps equipment tracking

vehicle maintenance alerts

diagnostic trouble code alerts

hardwired gps hardware

solar powered gps tracker

ai gps dashcam


industries
distribution

utilities

waste management

vehicle rentals

equipment rentals

construction

pest control

landscaping

plumbing

electrical

hvac


driver services
driver monitoring

bad driving alerts

driver location

driver history

driver scorecards

fleet driver app

driver analysis










 login
                        

























