









roy munday, artist and art tutor, teaches art classes on merseyside


















































skip to content





roymunday
roy munday, artist and art tutor. runs art classes on merseyside, sefton, southport. sells paintings


toggle menu

home page
about me

my trip to america
my painting trip to russia, 2019


my paintings

some examples of my drawing and paintings done in the life class
a selection of my portraits
…my watercolours…
paintings of gloucestershire
experimental paintings


paintings for sale
art classes
contact me
 












welcome to my website
feel free to look around

click to begin 




welcome to my website
feel free to look around

click to begin 


 







my most recent paintings

bicycles, piccadilly gardens, manchester. watercolour.
click for more information...
 
a recent oil painting of the old coffee house, frampton on severn, gloucestershire.
find out more...
 
 
 
 
 

girls night out, liverpool

girls' night out, liverpool. i'm fascinated by how girls, in the depth of winter, put fashion before sensible dress! middle of winter!
click for more information...
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

commissioned paintings.

liverpool waterfront. this is an example of a commissioned painting. i can work to your specific requirements. initially, just contact me with any idea you have for a commissioned painting, and i will take it from there, keeping you informed of its progress until you're happy.
for more examples of possible  commissioned paintings, see more
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



watercolour. the bell inn, frampton on severn, gloucestershire
 


sunset, liver buildings, liverpool

sunset, liver buildings, liverpool. watercolour of this iconic waterfront. painting based on an old photograph of this area, near the albert dock, liverpool.
click for more information...
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



a recent oil portrait study. not a finished painting, just a study to help keep improving style.



an oil painting, study. continuous practicing is the key to painting.

about myself...


artist, roy munday
i am a full-time artist based in merseyside uk, producing paintings and drawing in several mediums, mostly oils and watercolours, though i enjoy pen and ink, drawing with charcoal. combined with my studio work, based in southport, merseyside, i teach one of the biggest art groups in the northwest of england, the sefton art group. this group enjoy weekly classes, plus saturday classes and includes life-drawing, ideal for complete beginners as well as those who are seeking to improve.
members are encouraged to exhibit their work and we have several exhibitions each year, several at the wayfarers arcade on lord street, southport.

find out more...
 
 
 
 
as well as weekly art classes, i now offer online art classes, via zoom. these are proving popular. contact me for further details.
 
i have now started to deliver art classes online, via zoom. these are proving very popular as it allows people to learn art from the comfort of their own homes. zoom is easy to learn and i will guide you through using it if you require.
if interested in learning more, just contact me.

weekly art class...


i run a number of weekly and saturday classes throughout sefton, including southport, hightown, lydiate and liverpool. these classes are ideal for absolute beginners and those artists seeking to improve.

classes are structured to teach from the very basics, starting with the drawing practice. yes, everyone can learn to draw, you just need to be taught how to draw correctly and in proportion.


find out more...

 
 

all day saturday class, once a month


a still-life
this class, one saturday each month (second saturday), is ideal for people who work through the week and cannot make a weekly class.

this class is ideal for anyone who cannot make a weekly class. it follows the same structured course. times are 10am till 3.30pm

find out more...

life drawing classes.


a charcoal drawing, done in the liverpool life class when at john moores university
life drawing classes are held at both lydiate and liverpool.
just put in text for the moment about my art classes just put in text for the moment about my art classes
just put in text for the moment about my art classes just put in text for the moment about my art classes just put in text for the moment about my art classes just put in text for the moment about my art classes
find out more...


youtube videos, art tutorials



my trip to the usa.


my trip to the united states, 2018
though on a high scheduled trip to the united states, i was determined to take in important pieces of art. visited the metropolitan art gallery, museum of modern art and later the national art gallery, washington dc. here you see some of the finest paintings ever produced; though the museum        offers much more. to get the most of this visit, you'd need to spend a few days. but i did find looking at various iconic paintings an inspiration.
myself in front of jackson pollock's painting at the metropolitan gallery, new york.
find out more about my trip...
 
 


my trip to russia, 2019


my painting trip to russia, 2019
it had been 9 years since my previous visit to russia, and moscow and its surrounding region. on the surface, many things have changed. more shops, though mostly foreign brands and run. plenty of food shops! no long queues for the bare essentials. but the art alone is worth a visit. i was lucky on my trip that a large exhibition by the pre-revolutionary art collector sergei shchukin (1854 - 1936). in fact virtually the whole shchukin family were collectors of art. sergei bought important pieces from artists such as henri matisse, picasso, paul gauguin, vincent van gogh and many of the up and coming artists of that era, early 1900, though they were still largely unknown at that time.
like many things in russia, things, including paintings, can be on very big scale! this is a painting by iley repin.
find out more about my trip...
 
 


 









 privacy policy

 

 copyright roy munday 2018
facebook

 








© 2025 roymunday. proudly powered by sydney 
























