



































any sports any time



























































home
news

entertainment
esports
government
medical
motorcycle
moneysmarts
sports
transporation
travel
zoos & aquariums


television

armsportstv
fanztv
moneysmartstv
ridefearfreetv
sportsmediatv
truckstoptv
zoomediatv
360sportstv


licensing
medical
minor league
fundraising
sportrons
media buying
about-us
 





select page


  
 



 



 












we buy high profile live sports programming through implied sponsorships

get in touchabout us






































01

what we do



sportsmedia.tv offers a media buying and planning services, we work for ad agencies as well as independent advertisers, placing advertising in high profile sporting events throughout the us.





02

our approach



sportsmedia.tv positions itself as a strategic consultant and partner in the sports marketing, product distribution and creative strategy. sportsmedia.tv thinks outside the box in developing creative marketing strategies.





03

our mission



the overall objective of sportsmedia.tv is to make sports advertising easy for brands and agencys. through several unique marketing tactics, strategic campaigns we create and access to exclusive inventories both in and out of the stadiums environment we can achieve one-of-a-kind campaigns for all our clients.








about

about our firm
sportsmedia.tv brings together the best high profile television, digital and sports venue advertising. with the integration of network and cable tv advertising, print publications, radio networks, sports licensing, in venue advertising exposed to television, access to locker rooms, sportsmedia.tv rounds out a complete campaign to deliver your brand message to sport fans.







our reach
our tv network reaches over 100 million viewers per month. imagine your brand advertised on the newest tv shows and live sporting events on some of the biggest cable networks in the united states with our e3xclusive implied sponsorship programs . this approach will be sure to give you most effect campaign to deliver your brand to the people who need it.



sports marketing
people engage more in sports marketing with sports fans through digital video & television advertising than any other media source. we know the market which means we know how to best hit your target demographic through analysis programming, and entertainment networks that broadcast sports. we cover not only national sports networks, but regional as well.







stats

 sportsmedia.tv by the numbers
the sportsmedia.tv network reaches over 100 million viewers monthly. fans are everywhere, and so is our network of digital screens to make sure the fans see your advertisement. with millions of  impressions each year there is no better option when it comes to advertising them sportsmedia.tv.






million viewers




million impressions




networks




years of experience 








nfl network
the entertainment package we have in stadiums provides creative, high powered entertainment concepts. these 30 second commercials are dedicated to offering audiences the best entertainment experience in sports.

case study










mlb network
the entertainment package we have in stadiums provides creative, high powered entertainment concepts. these 30 second commercials are dedicated to offering audiences the best entertainment experience in sports.

case study





nba network
television commercial spots deliver your message to a captive in-arena audience. in-arena television commercial spots will offer additional support to promote brand recall at games. scoreboard signage presents a signage opportunity on the world’s most sophisticated, state-of-the-art, custom-designed score board in the world.

case study








nhl network
the entertainment package we have in stadiums provides creative, high powered entertainment concepts. these 30 second commercials are dedicated to offering audiences the best entertainment experience in sports.

case study










mls network
the entertainment package we have in stadiums provides creative, high powered entertainment concepts. these 30 second commercials are dedicated to offering audiences the best entertainment experience in sports.

case study








contact us
(970) 436-0580info@sportsmedia.tv



office hours
mon-fri: 9am – 5pmsat-sun: closed



follow us

followfollowfollowfollow



 








sports media inc. is a sports strategy consulting agency with over 44 years of experience in sports brand marketing services.
followfollow
followfollow


join our teaminternship
career
social links

social links
privacy & termscontact
privacy policy
terms of service
copyright policy
company policy
about-us

dakdan,llccage code 9w3p6
 



copyright © 2025 sportsmedia.tv, a sportrons division a dakdan worldwide company
 






























