 



bench theatre, havant, hampshire









home
 | 
about | 
contact | 
join | 
members | 
plays | 
costumes
bench theatre is an award-winning amateur theatre group based at the spring arts & heritage centre, havant, uk.
for tickets to any bench show at the spring, call the box office on (023) 9247 2700




supernova deadline approaching




the deadline for entries, 12.00am on 28th march 2025, is coming up fast. don't forget to get your one act play entries in on time to have a crack at getting them performed at our supernova 9 festival of new plays in september. in total we will be aiming to perform eight winning one act plays over one week.
the competition rules can be found in the supernova 9 terms and conditions. this includes instructions on how to submit.



current production







our february 2025 production is  the possibilities by howard barker.
an emperor on the edge of madness; a beautiful assassin; a woman trapped in a dystopian interrogation; a family of weavers sheltering from war; and the guardian of the one remaining library. what do these disparate characters have in common? each must navigate a treacherous path of survival, while clinging to what humanity they have left. howard barker offers us ten short plays, each with their own story to tell. come. be amazed. be disturbed.

performances:
wednesday 19th february to saturday 22nd february 2025 at 7:30pm
saturday 22nd november 2025 at 2:30pm (matinee)
ticket prices
£13.00, concessions £11.00
wednesday 19th february. buy one get one half price (on cheapest ticket)
bench members and friends: free
special discounts for school parties. call the spring for details.



forthcoming productions






our april 2025 production will be  as you like it by william shakespeare.
what better play for spring at the spring than shakespeare’s well-loved and
accessible comedy 'as you like it'. join rosalind and celia as they escape from the back-stabbing world of the court and flee to the forest of arden. this is a magical and timeless world inhabited by humble shepherds, exiled courtiers, melancholy philosophers, poisonous snakes, a hungry lion – and, of course, love!
rosalind disguises herself as a boy, ganymede, to avoid discovery, and with her loyal cousin celia, sets off on a challenging expedition into the unknown. in this new world she attracts the admiring eye of phebe and flirts with orlando (also fleeing the court and his murderous brother) who doesn’t, of course, recognize her without her frock! as winter’s storms give way to spring, others too find love in a series of lively if unusual romantic encounters.
this will be the second time the bench has performed this play, the first being the production of as you like it in 1977.
performances:
thursday 24th & friday 25th april at 7:30pm
wednesday 30th april until saturday 3rd may at 7:30pm
saturday 26th april & saturday 3rd may at 2:30pm (matinees)






did you see?





our november 2024 production was  sense and sensibility by jane austen, adapted by jessica swale.
elinor and marianne dashwood are left penniless after their wealthy half-brother cheats them of their fortune. they are forced to leave the comforts of norland park and relocate to a cold devonshire cottage. when a devilishly handsome stranger arrives at barton cottage with the rain-drenched marianne in his arms, the dashwood girls are convinced that their fortunes are changed forever. whilst the sensible elinor pines for quiet edward ferrars, impulsive marianne loses herself in the idea of her hero on horseback, and for a girl who feasts on poetry and music, what else is there to do in devon but dream of rescue?
jane austen's subtle and witty novel of secrets and suppression, lies and seduction, brilliantly portrays a world where rigid social convention clashes with the impulses of the heart.







our september 2024 production was  dear jack, dear louise by ken ludwig
award winning playwright ken ludwig's "dear jack, dear louise" is a poignant and engaging love story, filled with comedy and an uplifting sense of hope. based on ludwig's parents and the true story of how they fell in love during world war two via letters, this play follows two strangers slowly falling for one another over a two year period.
their letters become a conversation, and as we slowly learn more and more about these lovebirds, we begin to understand what an amazing accomplishment their love was. not only to fall for each other only through the power of words, but also during one of history's and harshest times. it is impossible not to feel deeply involved in jack and louise's journey, and on this, the 80th anniversary of d-day, we invite you to join bench theatre's production of this wonderful show.
a promotional short can be found on bench theatre's facebook page, see dear jack, dear louise' promo.






bench news

play selected for july 2025:
 in the play selection meeting on the 6th february the play 'stepping out' by richard harris was selected for the july production slot. a rollicking comedy about the attempts of a group of women to overcome their inhibitions and left feet in a low-rent dance studio in north london. more details to appear in due course.
auditions for 'as you like it':
 the auditions for as you like it are over. the full cast list is available on the play page.
upcoming dates:

feb 16th 'the possibilities' get-in 
feb 23rd 'the possibilities' get-out 
mar 6th club night 
mar 28th supernova submission deadline 
apr 3rd club night 
apr 20th 'as you like it' get-in 
may 4th 'as you like it' get-out 
may 9th club night 
jun 5th club night 
jul 3rd club night 
jul 6th 'stepping out' get-in 
jul 20th 'stepping out' get-out 
sep 4th annual general meeting 
sep 7th 'supernova 9' get-in 
sep 14th 'supernova 9' get-out 
oct 2nd club night 
nov 6th club night 
dec 4th club night 

next club night:
our next club night is on 6th march. topic to be announced in due course.
 club nights start at 7:45pm in the harrison room at the spring arts centre (this is the room up the stairs from the foyer). these are opportunities for bench members to meet up either on a particular topic or just as a social. members, friends of the bench and prospective members are welcome.

updated production pack:
 have you ever wondered what needs to be done to get a play on the spring stage? maybe you are a prospective director or part of a production team. the bench theatre's production pack, guidance on putting on a bench play, has been updated, see production pack - september 2024 

bench youtube channel:
 the bench theatre has a youtube channel from which you can stream our trailers and other videos, check it out at   bench theatre youtube channel.
havant borough community lottery
havant borough council run the havant borough community lottery which supports good causes locally. bench theatre has been accepted as one of those good causes.
this is a small lottery with the emphasis very much on community and supporting good causes. that is where you come in! we would like to invite you, your friends, family, neighbours and work colleagues to take part, have some fun and support bench theatre.
please visit  havant borough community lottery website. click on buy tickets, then on 'support a specific cause'. search for bench theatre then follow the instructions.
see any errors on this website?
if yes then please let the webmaster know on web@benchtheatre.org.uk so they can correct it.
forgotten the bench theatre members page login details?
if yes then please let the webmaster know on web@benchtheatre.org.uk so they can forward you the login information.












interested?  why not follow us on instagram or become a fan of bench on facebook?  you can also subscribe to our email newsletter by sending a message toinfo-subscribe@benchtheatre.org.uk

© 2011 - 2025, bench theatre, registered charity 291935 │ all rights reserved


 free charity hosting by kualo





