











custom pond installation in los angeles and southern california

































































(818) 839-4989   |    contractors license #715731



facebook




instagram









twitter




pinterest












  





facebook




instagram









twitter




pinterest













  
 
 










home
project gallery
about us

about us
services

ponds
pondless waterfalls
swimming ponds
fountains
maintenance
koi fish resource


pond tour
reviews
our service area
financing
news & press
careers


blog
learn

aquatic plants for socal
what is a biological filter?
pond leak calculator
smart control receivers


shop supplies

water treatments
smart tech
pumps
diy kits
pottery
decorative accessories


contact us
get a quote
 


select page


  
 



 



 












fall in love with your backyard
southern california’s #1 pond and waterfall builder
get a quote





;







 
natural swim ponds











view our active contractors lic #715731 california waterscapes is a dba of pacific pavingstone inc.

view license on cslb.com











meet our team








chad morrill
owner & foundersince 1999








rafael rodriguez
warehouse managersince 2010








jasmine medina
client services managersince 2020








mauricio moreno
pond crew supervisor








jesus parada
pond crew








junior serrato
pond crew











alex dostalek 
pond crew















tour william shatner’s
dream pond
join us on a video tour of william shatner’s home to see how we (california waterscapes) created his vision of an outdoor paradise – complete with ponds, waterfalls, sprawling gardens and a few special [koi fish] guests!
















meet california waterscapes

meet california waterscapes

authorized aquascape inc. distributor for california
a  family owned and operated water feature construction company based in los angeles, california since 1999.
we are fully certified, licensed and insured as general contractors. we employ all of our own crew members fully, to ensure the proper workmanship is being done to our standards on every project. 
we specialize in the installation of aquascape system ponds and water features that work with mother nature, not against her.









financing available
for qualifying applicants hearth is offering – no interest if paid in full within promotional period of 12 months.

learn more
















certified general contractor
we have been licensed and certified as pond and landscape contractors since 1999! specializing in all things water related with custom residential and commercial construction.








the pond expert
our crews have over 18 years of experience and training in the water feature industry. having installed hundreds of custom water features, we know and love our craft.








visit our showroom
we have a variety of ponds and waterfalls built right here for anyone to come and see our work first hand. we also sell all our pond supplies, equipment and outdoor living accessories.









press & awards
whether it’s a pond remodel or repair, expert pond maintenance or a completely new water feature for your home, our crews will provide expert service. our design expertise has come from installing hundreds of ponds in the southern california area! we have participated in over 14 of the award winning the pasadena showcase house of design homes. you also may have seen us on pondstars, tanked, atm on animal planet, modern marvels on the history channel, extreme makeover – home edition on abc, fish tank kings on nat geo wild and even building youtube star logan paul his dream pond.























dreaming of your own water feature?

get expert advicebook a design consult












view our active contractors lic #715731 california waterscapes is a dba of pacific pavingstone inc.

view license on cslb.com







 









showroom: phone:  (818) 252-0098
address: 8309 tujunga ave., ste. 102
sun valley, ca 91352
pond supplies & store: pro ponds west

hours: showroom hours:  mon-fri, 9am – 5pm
saturday hours: by appointment only
supply store hours:  mon-fri, 7am – 4pm
saturday hours: saturdays 10am-2pm (spring-summer only)

company info: contractors lic #715731
california waterscapes is a dba of pacific pavingstone inc.
we are the pond installation division of pro ponds west and pacific outdoor living

 



home
about us
project gallery
installation process
testimonials
news
blog
contact us


 





facebook




instagram









twitter




pinterest













copyright © 2025 california waterscapes
 

 
 
 

























