







nursing mothers counsel
































































































cart
















0
















              home
            

services


              resources
            

              membership/training
            

            about us
          

              contact us
            



        donate
      





back


            request a breastfeeding counselor
          

            home visits
          

            free breastfeeding classes
          

            rent a breast pump
          

            blossom support group
          





























































cart
















0











home
services

request a breastfeeding counselor
home visits
free breastfeeding classes
rent a breast pump
blossom support group

resourcesmembership/trainingabout uscontact us











donate









scroll








nursing mothers counselour counselors provide free breastfeeding support by phone, text, email, or online video chatwhether you’re expecting or your baby has already arrived, you can sign up to receive free lactation counseling services or prenatal classes from nursing mothers counsel today. 

  


    request a counselor
  




    sign up for a class
  

 







 

san francisco bay areaanyone, anywhere, can use this number to get more information.  for urgent questions, click on request a counselor above.   ( utilizar este número para obtener más información. si tiene preguntas urgentes, haga clic en solicitar un consejero arriba.)650-327-6455



santa cruz countyif you live in santa cruz county please use this number for more information.  for urgent questions, click on request a counselor above.  (si vive en el condado de santa cruz, utilice este número para obtener más información. si tiene preguntas urgentes, haga clic en solicitar un consejero arriba.) 831-688-3954



onlineour online form is ideal for less urgent matters, general inquiries, or during non business hours.contact us

 






make an appointmentall of our services are available online or over the phone—even our classes are now available online. sign up below to get in touch and start getting free lactation help today.








rent a pumpnursing mothers counsel has pump rental stations throughout the bay area. a counselor will meet you at the rental station with the pump, everything you need to get started, and walk you through the process.rental stationsredwood city, casanta clara, casanta cruz, ca




    learn more
  



become a counselorour next training will be in redwood city, ca.  we have not determined dates yet but we are targeting spring 2025.




    learn more
  


















our mission
nmc is a non-affiliated, non-profit organization whose goal is to help mothers and their babies enjoy a relaxed and happy feeding relationship. most of our help is provided over the telephone or by email, and we also offer home visits to resolve difficult problems. nmc services are provided without fee or obligation.despite our name being nursing “mothers” counsel, we are here for all nursing parents, regardless of gender. read more










our impactevery year we compile our numbers into an annual report. see below for some of the highlights from october 2018 – september 2019.













70
volunteer counselors





a little does a lotan nmc counselor often covers more than just lactation. dads, grandmas, partners, siblings—they’re all a part of the equation, and our counselors are here to answer any questions you might have, milk-related or not.













127
phone calls answered





9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 7 days a weeknmc counselors answered 104 phone calls (local as well as across the u.s. and even internationally) 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. 7 days a week; 70% of calls in the sf bay area were received on weekends, holidays, or after 5 p.m. when lactation centers are closed.













59
free home visits





help is where you arewhen a phone call or email isn’t enough, our counselors are available (in the sf bay and santa cruz areas) to conduct visits in your own home.






 

2010 top rated great non-profits



nursing mothers counsel provides breastfeeding information to nursing mothers through a help line and pre-natal breastfeeding information talks. we offer training to nmc member counselors as well as other professionals who work with and want to advise nursing mothers. we offer breast pumps and supplies for sale or rent.




    read more
  




“i took a breastfeeding class through nmc a week before my daughter was born. out of all the preparation i did before she was born, this was the most valuable. and i also was able to sign up to have a counselor contact me after she was born.”

— talia p.








nursing mothers counsel - since 1955



contact us



join us at an event



our mission



our impact



best non-profits





























 

© 2024 nursing mothers counselsan francisco bay area650-327-6455santa cruz county area831-688-3954

 



650-327-6455
nmc.sfbay@gmail.com


hours
mon 9am-9pm
tue 9am-9pm
wed 9am-9pm
thu 9am-9pm
fri 9am-9pm
sat 9am-9pm
sun 9am-9pm




privacy policy










