




aqua techniek specialist
































aqua-techniek b.v.
nijverheidsweg 15a
3225 ll hellevoetsluis
the netherlands


t +31(0)181-404600
info@aqua-techniek.com


























menu




home
applications
products
know how
packaging & logistics
references
news
about us
contact

























         all kinds of natural, granular filtermedia for water treatment




after more than 42 years it is obvious that the business formula aqua-techniek choose right from the beginning has been the right one in all respects:
we don’t make a compromise when it comes to quality of our products since millions of people are consuming water treated by the aqua products. we are chemical engineers and as such very capable to understand the need of our clients and to design the optimum filterbed concept for whatever type of raw water.
strictly we are not selling filtermedia, but solutions. our design is the best guarantee for perfect water quality, attractive running times between 2 backwashings, minimum of maintenance, satisfied customers, all this while the price level applied by aqua-techniek is very disciplined.
we prefer customers are presenting their most complicated filtration items to us after which we will provide a physical/chemical advice free of charge since it is our main interest to help to avoid major design mistakes. unlike many others aqua-techniek has a very comfort position enabling her to advise the best product out of the range of 12, after listening to customers preferences and studying the raw water analysis and the local situation of the respective plant, no matter which type of project is concerned.


products
all aqua-techniek brands have been selected from the best sources and because they have very special properties, i.e. ranging from low to high density, from inert to chemical reactive, from porous to non-porous and from top quality high value to low costs products.
for any type of raw water we are able to offer the most appropriate product. a combination of more than one aqua product, where each of them is doing a different removal job, may lead to results which are even overexceeding customer’s expectations.
know how
when we are challenged to design the optimum filterbed for whatever project we do have the know how to select the right filterbed composition, the right grain size depending on type, concentration and micron size of the respective pollution, the right bed height to achieve attractive filter runs, we will predict the result to be expected and we will advise our customers regarding the most effective backwash method.












inert filtermedia for filtration of suspended solids














products
products have been selected from the best sources and because they have very special properties, i.e. ranging from low to high density, from inert to chemically reactive, from porous to non-porous and from top-quality high value to low costs products.

 aqua-cite® / anthracite
 aqua-sand / silica sand, filtersand
   aqua-gravel / coarse silica sand, support layer
  aqua-garco / coarse garnet, almandite
 aqua-volcano / pumice
 aqua-juraperle twa / limestone, calcium carbonate, marble
 aqua-semidol / dolomite
 aqua-carb pool 1 – 3 / activated carbon
 aqua-multolite / clinoptilolite
 aqua-mandix / manganese dioxide
 aqua-garfine / fine garnet, almandite

specifications




references 
our greatest asset is our knowledge that resulted in our established world-wide image and reputation.
we have supplied our products to small, medium and especially large scale plants all over the world for purification of potable water, industrial water, sewage and waste water as well as for swimming-pool water and for other special applications.
upon request we will send you a list with the most impressive references on whatever field you might be interested.
some historical middle east projects:

shuqaiq, 431 containerloads, including aqua-cite®, aqua-sand and aqua-gravel
rabigh, 1846 m3 aqua-cite®
al jubail i + ii, 700 m3 aqua-cite® and 430 mt aqua-garco = garnet

read more












about aqua techniek bv
since the very beginning in 1977 aqua-techniek bv concentrated on the improvement of water quality by means of filtration through granular filtermedia....
read more


newsletter






* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 





 









aqua-techniek b.v.
nijverheidsweg 15a
3225 ll hellevoetsluis
the netherlands
t +31(0)181-404600
email: info@aqua-techniek.com






					© copyright 2025 - all rights reserved - privacy policy 





