









indiana sports park | premier sports complex































































 



















facebook


 












home
softball
volleyball
baseball
fast pitch
cornhole
facility information
events
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 














indianapolis sports park
the premier sports complex for baseball, softball, faspitch, cornhole, and sand volleyball
contact us












the place to treat bone, joint, spine, and sports injuries

visit orthoindy.com





about us
serving southside of indianapolis for over 35 years
the premier sports complex for baseball, softball, fastpitch, cornhole and sand volleyball leagues and tournaments.
indianapolis sports park, located near interstate 465 south and state road 37, is a family owned facility that has been a part of the community for over 35 years. 








interested in hosting your event at our facility?

contact us today!







events
come out and join us










  
 


st. patricks day bash 2025view event  
 






  
 


around the horn 2025view event  
 






  
 


rick vaughn major league bash 2025view event  
 






  
 


spring tuesday night double header league 2025view event  
 






  
 


spring wednesday double header league 2025view event  
 






  
 


king of the mound powered by pocket radarview event  
 






  
 


looney tunes bugs bunny showdown (no sunday games) 2025view event  
 






  
 


cinco de mayo 2025view event  
 






  
 


indy festival super nit (aaa/major)view event  
 






  
 


rbi showdown presented by topps 2025view event  
 






  
 


class a nit 2025view event  
 






  
 


axe bat slugfest 2025view event  
 


 
 



see all events








stay connected
follow us on social media

follow


powered by curator.io







news & blog
our latest news










 






												2023 softball registration now open!											



 
jan 2, 2023



registration is live! 10 teams have already locked their spots in during the first 2 hours! space is limited with all the different sports offerings during the week. the turf awaits for the most anticipated softball season in 35 years. grab your friends, be active/social and enjoy the best fields in indy. 🙌 no more […]



read more →









 






												indy sports park launches new website											



 
dec 28, 2022



we are excited to announce that our website has being updated with new content and design. the new website will be easier to use and provide a better user experience for our visitors. we will also be adding new content, including articles, pictures and park information. we hope you find the new website helpful and […]



read more →









 






												new field update											



 
dec 28, 2022



indy sports park is continuing its tradition of being a top-notch sports facility by updating its fields. the new fields will be made up of synthetic turf, which will provide a better experience for players and fans alike. in addition to being more durable and easier to maintain, the synthetic turf will also allow for […]



read more →













see all news



 




















about us

indianapolis sports park is a recreational sports facility for people of all ages. we offer usssa sanctioned softball leagues, beach volleyball, and  youth baseball for all sports fans.
every day of the week, our park strives to be the best sports playground for our loyal customers.



contact info




mailing address
1350 c w southport rd
indianapolis, in 46217






our facility
6701 s. harding streetindianapolis, in 46217






kpscaringe@indysportspark.com





navigation

support us
schedule/events
contact us
login





© 2025 indianapolis sports park all rights reserved. privacy policy. terms & conditions. admin login



 





 
 




x

 













































