















burlington county, nj - official website | official website








 















skip to main content


















create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in












 










  





 
 
 


    government      departments      services      business      community      how do i  


 

 

 

 

 

 






 












search







 
 
 













 














county clerk








recycling








parks










 
 
 














bids / requests








employment








animal shelter










 
 













elections








business resources








sheriff’s department










 
 
 

























 














county newsfollow our updates
 






  
 














burlington county leaders receive look at construction of bcit-westampton expansion 


the burlington county institute of technology is expanding its career and technical education programs for auto technology, heavy equipment and logistics, and diesel technology with a new expansion and renovation project at the westampton campus.						read on...







burlington county celebrating black history month with special events, classes and performances 


burlington county is celebrating black history month with events, workshops and performances throughout the month of february and early march that showcase the county’s rich black historical presence and culture.						read on...







burlington county road crews tackling pothole repairs 


we all know that the winter season causes potholes, but burlington county road crews are busy making repairs on county highways.						read on...







burlington county animal shelter hosting pre-game rally and open house on super bowl sunday 


the philadelphia eagles are headed to super bowl lix and fans are invited to the burlington county animal shelter for a special pregame “pup rally” on the day of the big game.						read on...







burlington county commissioners announce grant awards for 15 local arts groups 


the burlington county commissioners continue to provide financial support to local organizations that are helping to promote and support the arts.						read on...







burlington county commissioners credit county services with contributing to reduction in drug deaths 


the burlington county commissioners are crediting county support services with helping to bring drug deaths down to the county’s lowest number in close to a decade						read on...







burlington county appoints law firm to review 2024 election 


honoring their commitment to secure, safe and accessible elections, the burlington county commissioners have appointed connell foley llp as independent special counsel to review the 2024 general election						read on...







burlington county health department distributing free radon test kits 


january is national radon action month and the burlington county health department is distributing free radon test kits to county homeowners to check their homes for the radioactive gas.						read on...







burlington county continuing small business workshop series in 2025 


burlington county small business owners will have more opportunities to learn, network and strategize in 2025.						read on...







burlington county honors mansfield farm for stewardship activities 


the burlington county commissioners helped honor a mansfield farm for its outstanding land management and conservation efforts.						read on...







burlington county clerk’s office opening new county corner satellite office in mount laurel 


the burlington county clerk’s office is moving its satellite office into a larger, customer-friendly space on briggs road in mount laurel.						read on...







burlington county commissioners welcome new member, return felicia hopson to director’s post 


the burlington county commissioners selected commissioner felicia hopson to lead the board once again and welcomed new commissioner tyler j. burrell during the board’s organization meeting for 2025.						read on...







burlington county commissioners approve zero-interest loans for 12 homeowners to make improvements 


twelve burlington county households can make much-needed repairs and improvements to their homes in 2025 with the help of zero-interest loans from the county						read on...







burlington county animal shelter celebrates first adoptions of 2025 


the burlington county commissioners celebrated the burlington county animal shelter’s first adoptions of 2025.						read on...







burlington county commissioners approve grants for 12 local history organizations 


the burlington county commissioners continue to support organizations that are actively involved in preserving and promoting the county’s history and historic sites.						read on...







burlington county residents encouraged to recycle correctly this holiday season 


tis the season of gift giving and home deliveries and that frequently means lots more household waste, especially styrofoam and plastic packaging materials from ecommerce boxes and shipments.						read on...







burlington county sheriff’s office continuing special patrols in river line towns 


criminals looking for easy targets during the holidays be warned: special details of burlington county sheriff officers will continue to patrol in towns along the river line light-rail in december and into 2025.						read on...







burlington county commissioners approve contract for repaving 32 miles of county roads 


burlington county is preparing for the start of resurfacing work on 16 roads totaling 32 miles under the county’s newest state funded overlay plan						read on...







commissioner director highlights affordability, community health during 2024 state of the county 


commissioner director felicia hopson delivered the keynote address at the burlington county regional chamber of commerce’s annual state of the county dinner last week, emphasizing the county’s continuing commitment to community health and economic growth						read on...







burlington county bridge commission creates two electric vehicle charging stations in palmyra 


electric vehicle owners have two new convenient locations in burlington county to charge up their rides						read on...







burlington county hosting nationally recognized suicide prevention speaker emma benoit 


the burlington county commissioners and department of human services are bringing suicide survivor emma benoit to burlington county next week for a special free screening of the documentary film my ascension about her life and inspiring recovery						read on...







burlington county honors local veterans and family members during military service medal ceremony 


the burlington county commissioners honored the service of dozens of veterans and their family members friday during the annual burlington county military service medal ceremony.						read on...







burlington county bridge commission distributes 100 trees to county towns to offset carbon footprint 


the burlington county bridge commission continues to demonstrate its commitment to sustainability and reducing the county’s carbon footprint with its third annual tree planting initiative.						read on...







burlington county awards another $178,339 to nine more organizations fighting hunger 


burlington county continues to help in the fight to tackle hunger by providing assistance to local food pantries and other nonprofit organizations on the front lines in the fight against food insecurity.						read on...







commissioners announce start of construction on county’s first-ever emergency shelter 


burlington county is preparing to start construction on the county’s first-ever emergency shelter on the existing burlington couty human service campus at 795 woodlane road						read on...







burlington county accepts $637,195 grant for improvements to emergency operations center 


burlington county is planning an upgrade to its emergency operations center to help state, county and local emergency management officials and first responders during all varieties of disasters and emergencies						read on...







former burlington county animal shelter dog has a new job supporting nj state police troopers 


a former burlington county animal shelter dog has found a new home and a new calling as a station dog for the new jersey state police						read on...







burlington county commissioners celebrate arrival of 18 new trolls throughout the county 


burlington county has some new residents and they’re more than a bit troll-ish.						read on...







trailblazing judge among 10 burlington county women honored for leadership, service 


legendary trailblazer judge marie white bell was honored with nine other standout woman leaders and achievers tuesday night during this year’s outstanding women of burlington county awards reception						read on...







burlington county sheriff’s office starts proactive patrols in river line towns 


state senator troy singleton, sheriff james kostoplis and the burlington county commissioners announced the launch of a proactive law enforcement initiative to improve public safety, deter crime and assist local police along the river line light-rail						read on...







burlington county commissioners announce $290,000 in grant awards for food assistance programs 


burlington county is providing more help in the battle against hunger and food insecurity. the burlington county commissioners announced the first six awards from the county’s new $1 million grant program to assist food programs.						read on...







burlington county to receive $400,000 for burlink bus replacements 


burlington county will be able to purchase two new buses with $400,000 in state funding secured by state senator troy singleton, assemblywoman carol murphy and assemblyman herb conaway for the burlink shuttle service						read on...







burlington county commissioners take step to preserve another 1,200 acres of farmland 


the burlington county commissioners took steps to protect close to 1,200 acres of the county’s remaining farmland from future development.						read on...







burlington county launches $1 million grant program to fight food insecurity 


citing ongoing need, the burlington county commissioners announced the launch of a new $1 million grant program to support local food pantries and other organizations assisting food insecure households.						read on...







burlington county commissioners adopt fiscally responsible budget 


keeping their commitment to fiscal responsibility and responsive government, the burlington county commissioners adopted a 2024 county budget that delivers programs and services essential to residents’ quality of life, health and safety.						read on...







burlington county plans to repave 37 miles of county highways through 15 towns 


resurfacing work will start this month on 14 burlington county roads totaling almost 37 miles under the county’s newest state funded overlay plan.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 














what's happeningcounty events
 






  
 
 








calendar






february 2025




sun


mon


tue


wed


thu


fri


sat




26
27
28
29
30
31
 1

 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8

 9
10
11
12
13
14
15

16
17
18
19
20
21
22

23
24
25
26
27
28
 1












tue, feb. 18  

tobata by toby

tobata by toby is an exciting interval class focused on improving cardiovascular fitness and muscle ...		
tobata by tobyread on


tue, feb. 18  

tuesday talk: waterfowl walk

tuesday talk: waterfowl walkread on


tue, feb. 18  

yoga

join roshni ladden’s vinyasa flow yoga class. yoga is a practice of mind, body, and soul connection....		
yogaread on





view all events




/calendar.aspx



 
 
 







 














county spotlightsstay up to date
 






  
 
 













burlington county leaders receive look at construction of bcit-westampton expansion 

the burlington county institute of technology is expanding its career and technical education programs for auto technology, heavy equipment and logistics, and diesel technology with a new expansion and renovation project at the westampton campus.				read on...







burlington county celebrating black history month with special events, classes and performances 

burlington county is celebrating black history month with events, workshops and performances throughout the month of february and early march that showcase the county’s rich black historical presence and culture.				read on...











burlington county road crews tackling pothole repairs 

we all know that the winter season causes potholes, but burlington county road crews are busy making repairs on county highways.				read on...







burlington county animal shelter hosting pre-game rally and open house on super bowl sunday 

the philadelphia eagles are headed to super bowl lix and fans are invited to the burlington county animal shelter for a special pregame “pup rally” on the day of the big game.				read on...











burlington county commissioners announce grant awards for 15 local arts groups 

the burlington county commissioners continue to provide financial support to local organizations that are helping to promote and support the arts.				read on...







burlington county commissioners credit county services with contributing to reduction in drug deaths 

the burlington county commissioners are crediting county support services with helping to bring drug deaths down to the county’s lowest number in close to a decade				read on...






view all spotlights




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 















 






  
 



  
 







contact us







burlington county49 rancocas roadmount holly, nj 08060phone: 609-265-5000contact the commissioners
 






  
 



  
 







quick links







commissioners meetings



sheriff's sales & foreclosures



corrections visiting



employee mail



employee login









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 



  
 







faqs








how should i dispose of my used syringes? 


who should recycle?


can i put plastic packing material from cardboard boxes in my recycling?


can i put metal and plastic hangers in curbside recycling?








/faq.aspx




 
 



  
 







site links







home



site map



accessibility



copyright notices









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 
















loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close


















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









