














center for autism and related disabilities » college of medicine » university of florida



































skip to main content





skip to main menu






uf health






      university of florida
      













        center for autism and related disabilities
      



          university of florida
        










pre-register with uf card!









open search







open main menu










main navigation




        home
                          - current page











        about autism
                              





show submenu for about autism




about autism overview








        autism checklist
                              







        about uf card
                              





show submenu for about uf card




about uf card overview








        find your card
                              





        donations and fundraising
                              





        staff
                              





        constituency board
                              





        services & faq
                              





        annual report
                              







        events
                              





        support/social groups
                              





        resources
                              





show submenu for resources




resources overview








        for parents and caregivers
                              





        for adults with asd
                              





        for schools and agencies
                              





        for service providers
                              





        for everyone
                              





        learning opportunities
                              





        research
                              





        visual supports
                              







        forms/contact
                              





show submenu for forms/contact




forms/contact overview








        pre-register with uf card!
                              





        contact information
                              





        subscribe to enews
                              





        training and public education requests
                              





        requests from families
                              





        requests from schools & agencies
                              


































              teaching students with extensive support needs
            

               six-part series starts january 9, 2025
            



details











general information



the university of florida center for autism and related disabilities (uf card) provides support and assistance with the goal of optimizing the potential of people with autism and related disabilities.
counties served by uf card gainesville: alachua, bradford, citrus, columbia, dixie, gilchrist, hamilton, hernando, lafayette, levy, marion, putnam, suwannee, union if you live in a different county in florida, find your card here. 
our office hours are mondays 1pm-5pm, and tuesday-friday 9am-5pm. appointments are encouraged. you can call us toll free 1-(800)-9-autism or local (gainesville area)  (352)-265-2230. we look forward to seeing you! 
card does not provide services such as diagnosis, therapy (for example aba, ot, pt), ongoing behavioral interventions, respite care, or medical care of any kind.
for information about diagnostic assessments and therapies at uf health please see uf health child or adult psychiatry, or contact uf health can.
for information about our services please see services and faq.
please note that card may be considered an agency of the state of florida and that certain records of card may be considered public records, which are subject to the florida public record law. under florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. the mailing list is not shared with any other agency, individual, or entity outside of card unless required by law. 











news












                        compassion fatigue
                          




read story






















                        understanding peer-mediated interventions, an…
                          




read story






















                        stomp the swamp for autism 2025
                          




read story


















news in brief






all about the smart driver program







find us at these community events!







toward healthy aging in adults with autism












all posts







see all news posts
view our calendar
find us at these community events!




















        center for autism and related disabilities
      



          university of florida
        




utility links



impact autism




pepsa




fl doe














                  physical address
                

                                      4101 nw 89th boulevard                                      gainesville, fl 32606                                  

                  phone
                


(352) 265-2230



                  email
                


card-info@ufl.edu










                  make a gift
                



giving opportunities







                social media
              






facebook







twitter














university of florida health - home





university of florida - home







log in




website support




sitemap




disclaimer & permitted use




disability services




security policies




uf privacy policy




shands privacy policy




this page uses google analytics (google privacy policy)










      © 2025 university of florida health
    















