






 

campgrounds in nc - steel creek park & campground


















































































skip to content


























stay premium sites basic sites tents pop-ups seasonal campingplay camp store fishing & hiking miniature golf events area informationbook now




 




×
stay premium sites basic sites tents pop-ups seasonal campingplay camp store fishing & hiking miniature golf events area informationbook now










 









 
















come camping in the mountains... where mountain streams, peaceful days, and fun for all await!









book now
























family-friendly











mountain escape











creekside sites






















are you looking for a quiet getaway from your busy life? look no further than steel creek park & campground.



we provide a clean, quiet, and family-friendly atmosphere with amenities to keep you entertained, all while you’re surrounded by the beauty of nature in the western north carolina mountains. 







book now


























the creek







the beach







putt putt







the store







arcade







the playground












where fun and relaxation await.









see our amenities






















what are you waiting for?
















pick a site


from tents to rvs, short-term or season, we have a spot for you! 

















book online


we recommended booking ahead (but it isn’trequired) either by calling or online. 

















enjoy your stay


you’ll receive an information packet upon arrival toensure you get the most out of your stay with us. 










book now


































our property is big enough for everyone to have room to explore, but small enough to feel cozy and safe.



escaping to the mountains with family or friends? from tent and pop-up sites to 50 amp rv sites, we have a variety of basic and premium sites to choose from to fit your needs.*for the security of our guests, we have a gated entrance. 



























tent sites 
primitive or power and water hook-up
view more options 
 

















pop-up sites 
power water hook-ups on or off the creek
view more options 
 

















basic sites 
full hook-ups off the creek
view more options 
 

















premium sites 
full hook-ups on the creek
view more options 
 





















welcoming campers for over 60 years.

























located in north carolina’s blue ridge mountains, our campground has been around since 1959. we know a thing or two about expriences that our guests love. from a putt-putt course and playground for the kids, to hiking, fishing, swimming, and events for all to enjoy we’re sure to have something for you... even if it’s just enjoying a good book by the creek!
steel creek park & campground is located just minutes away from some of the best hiking and fishing spots in north carolina -- including lake james state park and linville falls -- and less than an hour’s drive from the blue ridge parkway.







book now




















see what other guests had to say:



first time staying at steel creek park & campground and it will not be the last.



ryan pfeuffer




it’s a great family vacation spot!!!! it has a huge creek that goes through the whole campground with a swimming hole… it also has a pool if you would prefer.



tia house




we have never been more impressed with a campground. friendly people, great amenities, plenty of room, easy creek access, i could go on! we most definitely be back! thanks so much for a great vacation!



david and linda hartsell




we went camping here three times in the past two years!!! we absolutely love it is very family-friendly they have a very nice rv camping area or places you can pitch a tent.



alesha white


 



























 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 












 







load more photos









 












































area informationcampground mapdirections












contact usrules & policiesevents calendar




















2025 © steel creek park & campground. all rights reserved. privacy policy






web design by greenstone media









 

scroll to top
























