


stoffobeads





















    
	stoffobeads
	
  
mostly photos of beads and other glass items. 

discussions on lampworking with some comments about how, why, or what inspires or inspired me to make beads or other items out of glass.









sunday, august 18, 2013



	 
	 in a new gallery for 2013 !
	 
    


well, its been a while since i have posted up on any sites. i have recently found a nice new gallery in bisbee az. its called the blue tree gallery.  located in bisbee az, a former copper mining town.

i have always thought bisbee is a rather seussical town. i say that because of the dr. seuss books with pictures of houses perched all caddywompus on the side of peaks. thats what bisbee looks like to me. its a very neat artsy town.

the blue tree gallery is located right next door to the cafe roka. cafe roka is a great resteraunt serving amazing food. 

growing up on the east coast, in massachusetts, bisbee reminds me of what amherst and northampton ma used to be like back in the day.

right now the gallery is only up on facebook. here is the link

blue tree gallery link here

i have some new bead totems, marbles, and a few necklaces in the gallery. if you are out and about, drop by and check it out.

thanks
matt




posted by stoffobeads at 9:20 am
0 comments






sunday, april 03, 2011




	 fordite
	 



upon request for more info on fordite.....fordite is the name for paint chips from the ford factory. i guess it has come to refer to any automotive paint that has built up and can be used like this.... you could have dodgite, chevyite, subaruite.... etc...basically overspray from painting cars - which implies an older technique as now its all plastic and static bonded so there is no overspray....any old car factory that sprayed paint in theory could have this laying around... and i also guess not just car factories...maybe the macco car paint shops, etc.... boat shops, bike factories, anyplace the colored paint built up in layers and hardened.click on the title and it should take you to fordite.comhope that this is of interest.



posted by stoffobeads at 3:37 pm
0 comments






saturday, july 24, 2010



	 
	 beads for sale again locally
	 
    


ok - well it was a nice overcast day here in az. sun masked behind clouds and kind of cool, well at least not the sun beating down.i have a new consignment arrangement lined up and beads on had at a new store. crafted luxuries located at 108 el camino real, sierra vista, az 85635-2808  (520) 439-4487. its a neat store with lots of variety of crafting mediums.dropped off some beads and looking forward to having more on hand soon.if you are looking for my beads, this is one of the locations that will have a fresh supply of handmade glass beads and will continue to get new ones hot out of the kiln.sierra vista is a pretty long days drive from san diego, and about 1.5 hours south east of tucson az. if you come down there are lots of things to do in sierra vista asides from picking up a few beads.http://www.sierravistachamber.org/http://www.svherald.com/‎



posted by stoffobeads at 2:12 pm
2 comments






sunday, november 22, 2009



	 
	 glass billet table top- nearly finished.
	 
    


well, here it is, the finished table top. the whole project is done. i will say that at present the glass billet chunks or blocks simply rest on the rails and thats not working well. they tend to shift and drop through... i think a trip to the dreaded home despot or maybe ace or lowes will get me a very thin piece of plexi or some other clear plastic type sheet and that will go underneath all the blocks. maybe even a drop of clear silicone to "glue" each block down to the sheeting.photo looking down through the glass im happy



posted by stoffobeads at 8:16 am
0 comments






saturday, november 21, 2009



	 
	 welding table/cart project
	 
    


part homegrown brain child part inspiration from the miller welding site, projects area.this welding cart has 2 wheels up front. its got 3 removable welding shields on 3 sides. in the photo only the back side is up.top is 1/4 inch plate steel unpainted so you can weld without having to clamp each piece. under the table top is a ground pin and 2 pipes for metal bending.on the wheel end there is a "holster" for the mig gun and loop for pliersthe chain is welded to the card for holding in tanks of gas.



posted by stoffobeads at 2:24 pm
0 comments









	 
	 fire table project
	 
    


ok this is next up....here is a link to spark fires their outdoor linear burner system is kind of what i have in mind only down the center of a table.call it the modern smores table or something like that......



posted by stoffobeads at 2:22 pm
0 comments









	 
	 the glass top table
	 
    


been holding onto this idea for a while....here is a photo of the table all formed up, welded and rough ground.i have some glass billet samples from bullseye glass.the idea was/is to have a small coffee table with the billets on top.initially i was going to make a small grid with a "tray" for each block of glass.i drew this out a number of times, measured, pondered and mulled it over for a while.finally yesterday the idea burst forth and i didnt sketch or plan.just grabbed the metal, welder, cutter, grinder and went to work....here it is after a coat of black satin krylon paint. i will let the paint dry over night and then put the glass blocks on top to finish it off. i even was able to get some small plastic "feet" or end caps from ace hardware. i will also pound those in just near the end.hope you like - it will be even better with the glass blocks on top... i will try and post a photo tomorrow of the project done....im kind of proud of it soo far. maybe there is a future for me in making some furniture stuff...



posted by stoffobeads at 12:38 pm
0 comments






sunday, april 12, 2009



	 
	 crazy goblets
	 
    


ok so i am trying to make goblets. i have some here that i made a while ago.... using the same tube as the chandelier.my sister give me some pointers over the phone, and i studied up in the glass mags to refine my technique.i want to get decent enough at this to make an actual functional goblet.... or at least one that doesnt look like it was made by a craay person.....still they are getting better but kind of like a bunch of crazy drunk glass fairies made them.the ones with the clear feet are the newer ones with better technique.i want to get decent enough at this to make an actual functional goblet.... or at least one that doesnt look like it was made by a crazy person.....



posted by stoffobeads at 1:41 pm
1 comments






saturday, april 11, 2009



	 
	 not bead related but poetry
	 
    


a well known local kid reading her own poetry at the local elementary school......



posted by stoffobeads at 3:55 pm
0 comments











about me

name:  stoffobeads 

view my complete profile


previous posts

in a new gallery for 2013 !
fordite
beads for sale again locally
glass billet table top- nearly finished.
welding table/cart project
fire table project
the glass top table
crazy goblets
not bead related but poetry
chandelier project finished

archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
february 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
february 2008
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
november 2009
july 2010
april 2011
august 2013



links

 stoffobeads website and auctions
 purple gables bed and breakfast in amherst ma 
 home of the ems
  john winterglass
 magical crimp tool
google news
wetcanvas site for artists
 riverrant blog
artful visions blog
 bead addicts
caspary lampwork
glassart on the web
beth piver designs 
 az bead muesum
 ibead
 international society of glassbeadmakers
 copper news
 curley school project
 ajo chamber of commerce
 sarabear baskets
 goldilocks jewelry designs
 fordite.com -a great source for fordite
reciprocal links

litchfield jewlers - our friend joe dent and his shop
work at home magazine
arena hotel istanbul
car rental istanbul
scents for candles, bodyoils
shoes
neon store
jobs in houston tx
credit cards
linkpartners.com  the easy way to find link swap partners
 ny security
sunless aucourant 
bacci fine jewelry store
reciprocal link software & management services
strictly handmade.com handmade crafts and art
rainbow raes custom gemstone jewelry
mothers bracelets by bettyann
handcrafted jewelry by oreo's meow 
scrapbooking ideas
chaotic rainbow dichroic glass
oil paintings - reproduction paintings on canvas
masters glass art
 masters glass blog 














 






