

bobskiing.com





 





bob at the cleaver, sawtooth range










bob's free-heel skiing in the sierra



dedicated to the spirit of allan bard












california's sierra nevada range offers some of the world's finest backcountry skiing. 
i have assembled a collection of ski tours which connect continuously from 
yuba pass, north of lake tahoe, to horseshoe meadow, south of mt. whitney.

these tours cover the roughly 300 mile linear distance in a not particularly 
expedient fashion (indeed, the most expedient way to get from yuba pass to horseshoe 
meadow would be to avoid the sierra nevada as much as possible). instead, the goal is 
to cover as much interesting skiing terrain as possible, and to have a lot of fun.

and, i've recently added a sequence of tours that loop completely around lake tahoe, 
plus a few other sierra classics.

altogether, that's something like 800 miles of great skiing. many of the tours are 
multi-day trips, requiring ski-backpacking and snow-camping. a few of the tours are 
of only intermediate difficulty, but most require advanced backcountry skills. 
each of the crest tours more or less connect with the previous and following tour. 
collect 'em all! 

in putting together these tours, i've relied heavily on others, particularly john 
moynier's backcountry skiing california's high sierra. 
please see my books page to find out about this and other
useful references.

click here for bob's index of sierra ski tours.
please click here for info about backcountry skiing, 
including a disclaimer.
about the site



 





fresh pow in milestone bowl, bob cutting eights




copyright notice: all text, photos, and charts at this web site are by bob akka, 
and are copyright by bob akka, with all rights reserved, except for text and photos
attributed to others, which are copyright by the respective individuals and used here 
by permission (ok, i've taken some slight liberties on the bay-to-breakers page).

if you have any comments, questions, or info to add, feel free to drop me an e-mail
at .


















snow & weather
avalanche info
and more














