









battery heights garden apartment home rental | apartments in manassas va | rent specials. lease plan apts. prince william county virginia i66 vre 




































 
 


new inquiries: (703) 962-1275current renters:  (703) 369-0859










new inquiries: (703) 962-1275current renters:  (703) 369-0859




battery heights apartments

8479 metcalf boulevardmanassas, virginia 20110


8479 metcalf boulevard • manassas, virginia 20110











toggle navigation
  navigation 










home
rental info
office inquiries
floor plans
leasing availability
reviews
social media
photos
contact us
announcements











home
rental info
office inquiries
floor plans
leasing availability
reviews
social media
photos
contact us
announcements





  





















surround yourself with the comforts of home



battery heights apartments in manassas va, conveniently located off richmond avenue and liberia avenue, offers a delightful blend of comfort and convenience. the area presents a chance to live in the city of manassas offering the charm of historic old town manassas as well as shopping and dining at your front door. within the community, you have an olympic size swimming pool, tastefully decorated social room, business center, fitness center, tennis courts, picnic area, and playground.
choose from three affordable one- and two-bedroom floor plans thoughtfully designed. each providing an abundance of windows to bring in the beautiful outdoors, highlighting all that these spacious rental homes have to offer.
this area offers access to the northern virginia and washington metropolitan area job markets. just a few miles from i66 and a few minutes to the vre station. above all, it is a lifestyle enriched by the features and amenities found at battery heights apartment homes in prince william county va.















apartment home features
    apartment home features






full-size washer & dryer
wall-to-wall carpeting
lvp plank flooring
energy efficient heat pump
refrigerator
range
dishwasher
garbage disposal
individual water heater




cathedral ceiling*
fireplace*
walk-in closet (plus abundant additional closet space)
private patio or balcony
cable ready
smoke detector/co detector
window blinds
separate dining area





* limited availability





community amenities
    community amenities







pool (open seasonally)
bbq grills
playground / tot lot
picnic area
tennis courts
on-site parking
24/7 emergency maintenance
school bus pick-up
fitness center
business center
party room/lounge complete with bar area and fireplace
ideal location to downtown manassas
-grocery stores, restaurants, shopping, and more!


























the area surrounding battery heights offers nearby shopping and dining options as well as easy access to interstate 66 and the virginia railway express. nearby conveniences include:




within walking distance:

wal-mart
restaurants  - including panera's, glory days, longhorn steakhouse
grocery stores
banks
fast food - including chipotle, red robin, noodles & co, chick-fil-a 
gas stations
drive-thru starbucks



nearby: 

the virginia
        
        railway express is only 6 blocks away
i-66 is  only 8 miles away
magic putting place putt-putt golf course
jiffy lube live
hilton performing arts center










the turn-of-the-century atmosphere of old town manassas is all around you, including the manassas museum, the manassas train depot (vre/amtrack), and much more.







battery heights apartments - an ideal place to surround
yourself with the comforts and conveniences of life!

sorry, no pets
check availability here
managed by steelhead management

battery heights apartments conducts business in accordance with the virginia fair housing act, which specifies that it is illegal to discriminate against any person in residential real estate transactions because of race, color, national origin, religion, sex, elderliness, familial status, source of funds, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran or disability.
(we do accept section 8 vouchers and all lawful source of funds.)














new inquiries: (703) 962-1275
current renters: (703) 369-0859
battery heights apartments
        8479 metcalf boulevard • manassas, virginia 20110
apartment leasing office hours:
monday - friday: 9:00 am to 5:00 pm
saturday: 9:00 am to 1:00 pm
sunday: closed







website design, seo & search engine marketing by countywebsite.com


cwr0125

