


diaperlogue

























diaperlogue: the unremarkable adventures of a suburban prince and princess


tuesday, july 28, 2009



	 tweet, tweet
    

posted by  evan jake at 9:13 pm

i'm way too cool for blogging.  and i'm too cool for facebook.  soon, i'll be too cool for twitter.  but for now you can follow my tweets on:twitter.com/evanjakesarah gill and i will continue to post here on diaperlogue, but for more regular updates, follow me on twitter!~:o




       
      
         2 comments






sunday, july 26, 2009



	 my first ballgame
    

posted by  evan jake at 12:22 pm

yesterday, daddy took me to my very first baseball game.  it was the phillies.  and they were playing guys with dark blue hats called the cardinals.when we got to the stadium, i could see the big giant letters that said "phillies."  it said "phillies" everywhere.  there were lots of people wearing phillies hats and phillies shirts and phillies pants and even some phillies shoes.  good thing we wore our phillies hats and shirts.there was this really big tv in the outfield showing phillies all the time.  daddy must have been in heaven because he likes to watch phillies on tv, but our tv is a lot smaller.i got to watch all the phillies guys play phillies down on the big grass.  the grass was very pretty and green.  it didn't have any weeds in it like our grass does.  i wanted to go down on the field and play with them, but daddy said i couldn't.  so instead i sat in the seats and ate food and drank soda.  the best part was the blue cotton candy.  that's me in the picture eating blue cotton candy.  it came in a bucket, not on a stick.  so i had to eat it with my fingers.  it made my fingers very sticky and gave me a blue mustache.everyone else around us was eating food and drinking, too.  they were all cheering for the phillies.  and sometimes they would say, "boo."  daddy said "boo" a lot, too.  he said it's because he doesn't like matt holliday.  but he looks like a nice man.  and if he's so terrible, why is he getting to play on the pretty grass while daddy has to sit in the seats?it only took me a couple of innings to finish my cotton candy, cracker jack and soda.  so with all that sugar in my system, it was time to get up and run around a bit.  we went all around the stadium.  there were lots of people everywhere.  i was sure to hold onto daddy's hand the whole time.  along the way we stopped and got even more food and more soda.  then we went into the phillies store and got some presents for mommy and sarah.  i got sarah a pink monkey.  who can resist a pink monkey wearing a phillies shirt?  also, in the store, i got to climb on the phillie phanatic's buggy.  too bad he didn't leave the keys in it.then we went back to our seays. i sat on daddy's lap to watch a few more innings.  i got to see jimmy rollins hit the ball over the fence and then everyone went running around the bases.  this big bell lit up and flashed lots of lights.  everyone was cheering and giving high-fives.then we sang "take me out to the ballgame" and i asked daddy if we could go home.  the phillies were winning by a lot of runs.  so daddy said it was okay for us to go.  it must be a lot of fun to go to games since the phillies always win.  and i know they are going to win the world series again this year.  they must win every year, right?i have to say a special thanks to my bubbie and zayde for letting us use these tickets.  it was the perfect day for a game and the phillies won.  i can't wait to go again.  go phillies!




       
      
         1 comments






sunday, july 05, 2009



	 risky business
    

posted by  evan jake at 8:12 pm

sarah gets around the house pretty good these days.  she doesn't so much crawl as "scoot."  she's pretty fast!  why crawl if she can race around so quickly on her bottom? well, i think she's figured out that the fastest way to get around is simply to walk!  yeah, she's already taking a few of her first steps.  and those first steps are towards some of my old toys.  hands off, sister friend.i hope she realizes that once she starts walking, she's fair game.  no more sweet little helpless baby.  game on.in case you want to see how she moves around the house, and watch some of her first steps, here's a little video for your enjoyment.sarah's risky business from evan jake on vimeo.~:o




       
      
         2 comments






monday, june 22, 2009



	 happy birthday, sarah!
    

posted by  evan jake at 7:39 am

it has been exactly five months since diaperlogue went into hiatus.  what better occasion to revive the blog than to celebrate sarah gill's very first birthday?!one year ago, my life changed forever.  i became a big brother.  i thought it was going to change for the worse, but i was wrong.  it changed for the terrible!  just kidding.  i love my kid sister.  she's gotten to be a lot of fun with her scooting around.  now she's starting to stand on her own.  and surely, any day now we'll be posting video of her first steps on her own.but for today, i share with you this special video dedicated to the first year of sarah gill.  sarah, we love you.  happy birthday!  sarah's first birthday video from evan jake on vimeo.~:o




       
      
         2 comments






thursday, january 22, 2009



	 purgatory
    

posted by  sarah gill at 6:38 pm

diaperlogue will be going on a bit of a hiatus.  that means you won't see posts updated quite as often.  i know, that doesn't seem like much of a change, since neither evan jake nor i have been adding much to this blog lately.well, evan jake is simply too cool for this blog anymore.  he'll probably end up on facebook any day now.  he's altogether too busy running around like crazy and learning to use the potty to keep the blog updated.meanwhile, i'd love to be updating the blog on a daily basis.  but lately, i've been trapped in this pack-'n'-play.  don't get me wrong, i love it in here.  i'm actually protected a bit from the wild evan jake.  but sometimes i feel like mommy and daddy have completely forgotten about me in here.  sure, every now and then someone tosses in a new toy or an errant piece of garbage.  so i don't feel totally neglected.well, maybe they'll come and get me out soon...maybe?  hello?  hello!!so stay tuned for updates whenever they let me out of this baby jail!thanks for stopping by.≈:o




       
      
         1 comments






monday, january 05, 2009



	 diaperreport: academy of natural sciences
    

posted by  evan jake at 6:32 pm

sometime last month, we took a trip to philadelphia's natural history museum with that pretentious-sounding name: the academy of natural sciences.  so anyone looking for a "museum" and not an "academy" will be thoroughly confused, like my uncle jason was, walking around in circles.one of the parting gifts we received from our friends in baltimore was a family membership there.  daddy was excited about this because he had fond memories of going this museum -- pardon me,  "academy" -- as a little boy.  but you'll have to excuse me because i don't think this place had changed much since then.  i doubt it had been thoroughly cleaned either.  and some of the food in the cafeteria looked like it had been sitting there just as long.  my aunt marjorie, uncle jason and cousin drew came along, too.  cousin drew didn't seem too impressed either.first of all, the place is not at all family friendly.  access for strollers is really inconvenient.  and there is only one part of the museum that's properly designed for us little guys.  that's the children's area called "outside in."  that's where we spent the majority of our time digging in sand, playing with bones and petting snakes.the one other pretty cool part was the butterfly room.  it was a special place where you can see butterflies flap around, eating leaves and drinking water.  but they were hard to see a lot of the time.  and again, no strollers were allowed.  not cool, because walking is for losers and grown-ups.i didn't spend much time in the area with the dinosaur bones because i was really freaked out by the loud "growling and roaring" sounds from the pretend dinosaurs.  what's the point of this, really?  do they want us little kids to think that at any moment those life-like statues could come to life and eat us?  i had a similar problem with the maryland science center.  these dinosaur museums are going to give me a complex.  besides, is there even any scientific evidence that dinosaurs made screeching sounds like that?  for all we know, they sounded like the velvet fog.  or maybe a crying three-year-old.as for the rest of the animal exhibits, they looked pretty dated and grubby.  all of those stuffed animals posed like they would be in the wild is also a bit strange.  i have my own stuffed animals at home and i much prefer those.  they are much nicer to snuggle and probably smell better, too.  plus when my stuffed animals get old and grubby looking, mommy can just put them in the washer.the academy of natural sciences: a stinky diaper.~:o




       
      
         0 comments






monday, december 29, 2008



	 the gloves are off
    

posted by  sarah gill at 6:25 pm

okay, evan jake.  i know you have claimed to be the cutest baby ever.  but given the way you've treated me lately, i have no choice but to challenge your past claims and resort to this cuteness face-off.i've just turned six months old.  that's a picture of me on the left taken just a couple of days ago.  wow, i'm really beautiful.  i should be a model on a diaper box or something.then i went and dug up this old picture of you from when you were six months old, as seen on the right.  gosh, are you drooling on yourself?  okay, maybe i could have found a more flattering picture of you, but what would have been the fun in that? so who's the cutest baby ever, now?  i think the results speak for themselves.  sarah gill rules and evan jake drools!≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






monday, december 22, 2008



	 happy half birthday, sarah gill!
    

posted by  evan jake at 9:17 am

congratulations on celebrating your six-month birthday sarah gill!  i can't believe it's been half a year since you came along and ruined everything.  no, really, i'm glad you're here...sort of.when i turned six months old, mommy and daddy made this awesome tribute video about me.  i didn't want you to feel left out.  being the second born, i know it probably feels like you don't get all the same special treatment i did as a baby.  so often you get shoved off to the side, neglected and ignored.  i know that must be hard.so i made this special tribute video for you to tell you how i really feel about having you around.  ~:o




       
      
         1 comments






monday, december 15, 2008



	 i'll cry if i want to
    

posted by  sarah gill at 9:03 pm

i'm sorry if i ruined your party, evan jake.  having never had a birthday party myself, i didn't realize how important it is.  it wasn't my party, but i cried anyway.  was that a problem for you?i didn't even get to see you blow out the birthday candles on your cake.  neither did mommy.  instead, i was upstairs in my room screaming and crying.  maybe i was just jealous that you were taking away even more attention from me than usual.  and you seemed to be getting all kinds of nice gifts.  sorry if my sobbing was a downer.it turns out i was crying for a really good reason.  it was my very first ear infection!i hope you enjoy your present from me.  it's an ear infection for you, too!  who knows, maybe you gave it to me first.  at least i can take some solace in knowing that you are suffering as much as i am.happy third birthday, evan jake.≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






friday, december 05, 2008



	 what's been going on?
    

posted by  sarah gill at 6:30 pm

wow, it's been almost a month since anyone posted anything here.  since evan jake has been so delinquent in his blogging responsibilities, i thought i'd give it a shot.ok, it's not all evan jake's fault the blog hasn't been updated.  we did go away for a little while.  we had a big trip to our nana and papa's house last week.  that's me in the picture with evan jake and seven of our cousins.  nana and papa's house was full of lots and lots of kids for thanksgiving.  so instead of getting neglected in favor of one older brother, i got neglected in favor of eight other kids.  i bet mommy and daddy had a great time because they got to pass me off onto other people.  and when there was a really big dinner for everyone, i was the only one who didn't get to sit at the table.  i got relegated to my little chair on the floor.  and i didn't get any turkey either.  just a little bit of that mush in a jar.alright, i guess i did get a little special attention from two of my cousins who fawned over me.  at least it got mommy to notice me enough to at least take this picture.meanwhile, i'm trying to bust out some new tricks just to get some attention.  i'm rolling, giggling, sitting up (sort of) and just being generally adorable.  it seems to work some of the time.  but mommy and daddy better be careful.  if i don't get the attention i need, i might start resorting to the more barbaric tactics that evan jake has demonstrated.  crying and screaming.  you better not put me down now!≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






wednesday, november 12, 2008



	 send her back
    

posted by  evan jake at 7:54 pm

that's me in the picture with my kid sister, sarah gill.  i like sarah gill.  she's really sweet and i can tell she totally looks up to me.  but she's been hanging around here for the better part of five months, and i think it's time for her to go.  really, i think i've had enough.  she needs to go.just this week i told mommy that she needs to go back to the doctor and give sarah gill back to the hospital.  mommy just laughed and thought i was being cute and silly.  i don't think she understands.  she needs to give sarah gill back.  for good.forget about how sarah gill is angling in on all my old toys.  and forget about how i'm always being told to be quiet and not yell because sarah gill is sleeping.  and nevermind the pink baby socks mixed in with my laundry.  no, it's the fact that i can't spend more than 90 seconds alone with mommy without being interrupted.  either sarah gill is crying.  or sarah gill needs to eat.  or sarah gill needs to go down for a nap.  or sarah gill needs to eat during her nap.  or sarah gill's clothes need to get washed.  or sarah gill needs new toys.  or mommy needs to go shopping for sarah gill's diaper cream.  meanwhile, i'm left with some old play-doh and a dried out magic marker.so, yeah.  this is my house.  i was here first.  i'm not jealous.  i'm simply claiming my birthright.  sarah gill, you're out of luck, sister friend.  back you go.  nice knowing you!~:o




       
      
         2 comments






wednesday, november 05, 2008



	 return to normalcy
    

posted by  evan jake at 7:40 pm

wow, what a week.  first there was the end of the world series.  the phillies won!  then there was the big presidential election.  and right in the middle was halloween with lots of candy!that's me in the first picture in my halloween costume after collecting my haul of sweets from all of our new neighbors.  it was fun going door-to-door and meeting all of the new people on our block.  i got red candy bars, brown candy bars and a pencil!  the candy was tasty, but that pencil was awesome!daddy took me trick-or-treating.  it was the first time i had seen him in a long time.  between watching the world series and all the election coverage, daddy had been glued to the tv while madly tracking polls online for weeks now.  daddy even landed a ticket for the clinching game of the phillies world series.  he went to the game and didn't even bring me home a commemorative 72oz sippy cup.  since he didn't have any memorabilia as proof, he had to show me this blurry picture as evidence that he was actually there.  he claims that seeing the phillies win the world series was as memorable as seeing me born.  the only difference is that final game -- with the rain delay and all -- lasted three whole days.  it only took me one day to get born.anyway, now that all of that excitement is past, we're all looking forward to getting back to life as normal. and by that, i mean daddy ignoring me to watch reruns of "how it's made" on the science channel.~:o




       
      
         1 comments






sunday, october 26, 2008



	 diaperreport: the philadelphia zoo
    

posted by  evan jake at 8:18 pm

wow, what a zoo!  today we made our very first trip to the philadelphia zoo, "america's first zoo."  judging by the size of the crowds today, you'd think it was america's only zoo.  you'd think they were giving out free halloween candy or something.  oh, wait.  they were!it was a beautiful fall day in our new city.  so we all piled into the biggie-van and headed downtown to the zoo.  the only problem was that about 100,000 other families had the same exact idea.  so after waiting in traffic for about an hour, we finally arrived at the zoo.  it was totally worth the wait, though.  i had a great time.  i don't know about my sister, sarah gill.  since she was in the stroller with her shade up the whole time, i don't konw how much she was actually able to see.  i think she slept most of the time anyway.  boy, did she miss out.the philadelphia zoo has an amazing assembly of exhibits.  the "big cats" area is awesome.  i got to see lions and tigers and jaguars up close and personal.  i wanted to pet them and give them a kiss.  they were all outside enjoying the nice weather and looked friendly enough.  in other parts of the zoo, there were penguins and ducks and bears and monkeys all outside playing, too.but my favorite part was the elephants.  that's me in the picture in front of the elephants.  i had my little elephant friend with me -- he's known as "baby noam."  baby noam normally sleeps with me at home, but today i took him to the zoo to meet his family.  baby noam isn't nearly as big as those elephants and he's smells better, too.there were lots of other exhibits at the zoo -- like the treehouse, the aviary and the reptile farm -- that we didn't even get to see today.  there's so much to do at this zoo that we'll have to go back again and again just to see it all.  baby noam and i can't wait for our next visit!overall rating: a pacie~:o




       
      
         1 comments






sunday, october 12, 2008



	 that's me in the corner
    

posted by  sarah gill at 10:44 am

well,  it's been two weeks since we moved into our new big house.  it's a good thing this house is big because it's completely filled with boxes.  wow, that's a lot of boxes.the first thing that mommy unpacked was my saucer.  that's me in the saucer.  that's me in the saucer in the corner.  that's me in the saucer in the corner while mommy digs through boxes.  and while mommy is digging through boxes, evan is rummaging around the new house and "helping" to unpack boxes, too. daddy has been working a lot at his new job and sometimes i wonder if he actually plans to live in this house or at his office.moving hasn't been all bad.  evan jake started a new pre-school this week.  so for at least a few hours a day, i get mommy's undivided neglect.i know this is all temporary.  the house is going to be a wonderful place for us all to live as a family.  and i enjoy those moments i get to spend with mommy -- when the roof isn't leaking, the cable gets fixed and the repairmen all leave.≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






wednesday, september 24, 2008



	 here we move again...
    

posted by  evan jake at 9:45 pm

thank you for your patience while diaperlogue once again relocates our headquarters to another new house...this one with a nicer yard to play in.i got dibs on the big bedroom!~:o




       
      
         0 comments






saturday, september 13, 2008



	 sarah gill for president
    

posted by  sarah gill at 6:46 pm

wow, i've become quite the phenomenon this past week.  every time the tv is on,  i hear people talking about the "sarah factor."  crowds of people are chanting my name at rallies.  "sarah! sarah! sarah!"  all the news shows are talking about sarah this and sarah that.   newspapers are running articles about the "sarah bounce."  now that sounds a bit dangerous for a little baby like me.  my big brother would like nothing more than to see how high i bounce.i can't say i'm totally surprised at all the fuss over me.  i am sarah gill.  look how cute i am!  not everyone on the tv or the internets is so nice when they talk about me.  some of them say i lack experience and knowledge of the issues.  well let me tell you, being a baby is a lot like being a community organizer, except i poop my pants.  and i am surprisingly well-versed in foreign policy.  did you know that almost all of my toys were made in china or indonesia?i've been called "an outsider" but that's not really true.  i've only been "an outsider" for about 12 weeks.  before that, i was the ultimate "insider."i do plan on bringing an atmosphere of reform.  my predecessor, evan jake, had run-up ridiculous amounts of sleep debt in this house before i came along and began sleeping through the night.  and evan jake asked for all kinds of special earmarks for toys, crayons and stacking cups.  i will reduce these costs because i am perfectly content using hand-me-down stacking cups.  that new "bouncy chair to nowhere"?  i said thanks, but no thanks.  this is the kind of discipline we need.  oh, i heard a funny joke.  what's the difference between a pit bull and sarah gill?  a pacifier.okay, i know i'm probably not john mccain's running mate.  i mean, the guy's never even met me.  i think someone from his vetting staff may have visited this blog once by accident.  but surely that couldn't be enough for him to make such a major decision for the future of our country, right?  should i be called on to serve my country, i know i will be ready.  i'll be sure not to blink.  i probably will be napping instead.≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






saturday, august 30, 2008



	 take a picture, it'll last longer
    

posted by  sarah gill at 9:45 pm

i know i'm breathtakingly beautiful.  one glance at me and it's hard to look away.  while you're staring at my ravishing splendor, take a good look at my eyes.  they're sort of a grayish, bluish, blue-gray. mommy has blue eyes.  daddy and my big brother evan have brown.  there are many opinions and genetic possibilities as to what color my eyes will eventually be.  so help me out here and share your thoughts:what color will my eyes be?bluebrowngreenhazeli hope they never change.  your eyes are beautiful just the way they are!  ≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






thursday, august 28, 2008



	 my pal joey
    

posted by  evan jake at 3:20 pm

my mommy has a pen-pal in sydney, australia.  they keep in touch over the internets because australia, to my understanding, is like very far away.  like way farther away than wegmans.anyway, mommy's pen pal, who also has a little boy my age, decided to send me and sarah a present.  while sarah got some pretty new clothes, i got a new blow-up toy.  a kangaroo!!just look at this guy.  is he awesome or what?  his name is joey and he's my new best friend.  we hang out together a lot now.  we like to jump around and sing songs.  i read him books, but i don't like when he reads to me.  he has a weird accent.i guess to show my appreciation, i will have to to find a special piece of baltimore to send to them in australia.  i wonder where i can score an oversized inflatable heroin pipe.~:o




       
      
         1 comments






friday, august 22, 2008



	 two months is better than one?
    

posted by  sarah gill at 8:11 pm

well, i've turned two months old and no one seems to have really noticed. evan jake's summer camp is over, so now he's home all day robbing attention away from mommy.  so i'm just stuck over in the corner of the living room in my swing all alone.  daddy has been really busy getting ready to change jobs and getting us ready to move houses.  he's a nice daddy who talks to me and tries to play with me -- while i sit in my swing in the corner of the living room.nana and pappa came for a visit this week.  it was nice to see them -- albeit from afar, while sitting in my swing in the corner of the living room.the weather has been really nice out, too.  not that i would notice from over here in my swing in the corner of the living room.i'm trying to talk and coo and be a bit more personable.  but it's hard to be interactive, from over here in my swing in the corner of the living room.ah, the life of a second child.  i must say, i often enjoy the privacy and solitude -- from over here in my swing in the corner of the living room.c'mon.  how can anyone ignore me.  just look at this punim!≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






sunday, august 17, 2008



	 phelps-a-merrific-a-some
    

posted by  evan jake at 8:21 am

these olympics have been on so late at night, i haven't been allowed to stay up and watch any of michael phelps's's races.  that's me and sarah sitting on the sofa watching the early morning recap of the 10m women's air pistol competition.  wow, how exciting.  but living here in a baltimore, it's been impossible to avoid the phelps-mania-craze-fest-extravaganza-palooza -- no matter what time you go to bed.  this week when my camp class went to the pool, phelps was all everyone was talking about.  have you ever seen a two-year old try to swim the butterfly?  the thing is, i might actually be really good at swimming if i wasn't so terrified of going in the water myself.  plus, you would never catch me dead in one of those tiny bathing suits.  i don't see any way my swimmy diaper will fit under one of those.everyone around here is so proud of michael phelps.  heck, he grew up swimming just down the street from our house.  daddy took me down there this week to show me the pool where he used to train.  but i was really more interested in the ice cream shop across the street.  i bet michael phelps needs lots of ice cream to swim that fast.  i wonder if he likes chocolate sprinkles or rainbow sprinkles.  i had both just to be sure.i might not be the next michael phelps, i just want to be the first evan jake.  well, maybe i can be an olympian some day.  if they ever make play-doh an olympic event, i should be the odds-on favorite.~:o




       
      
         0 comments






sunday, august 10, 2008



	 i do have pretty eyes
    

posted by  sarah gill at 3:41 pm

i hear what you're saying about me..."she has a charming personality.""her hair is so soft and shiny."  "she has such beautiful eyes.""wow, she's getting big!"okay, so i've packed on a few pounds since i got born.  but it's all milk-weight.  so don't call me "fat" or "chubby" or "pudgy" or "rotund."  that's not something to say about a beautiful little girl like me.  do you want me to get an eating disorder already?  i hardly ever spit up after a meal and i'd like it to stay that way.  so cut me some slack. this is the only time in my life i get to eat as much as i want, whenever i want.  and i get to triple my body weight in a year without anyone judging.  so if you'll excuse me, i think i need a little snack.≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






monday, august 04, 2008



	 a little off the top
    

posted by  evan jake at 7:46 pm

i got my hair cut this weekend.  my little cousin drew didn't have it quite so easy.that's me in the picture sporting my new trim. aren't i cute?  i sat really still and was a good boy the whole time.  except for when the lady tickled my neck with those buzzers.  who can sit still for that?!  but that little tickle was nothing compared to what my brave cousin had to go through.daddy took me to get my hair cut because this was a special weekend for the family.  we all drove up to see our new cousin drew.  he's brand new.  newer than my little sister sarah.when we got to my cousin's house, this man arrived.  he said he was the mohel.  "uh, oh," i said to myself.  i remember what this guy is all about.  i pretended like i wanted to play outside and made a b-line for the door.  i wasn't going to let him anywhere near me.but before the mohel got to work on my cousin, he first wanted to do something to my sister sarah.  hey, hands off her!  she's a girl, can't you tell?  she's wearing pink!!  oh, he just wanted to say a special blessing to give her her name.  i bet he thought he was being all original by saying that he was giving her the name "sarah gill."  what a dope.  she already had that name for like six weeks.  dummy.  he could have asked me.  i could have told you that!then the mohel went to business on my cousin.  he did his thing and the whole ordeal was over before i could make it across state lines.  turns out i couldn't leave anyway.  i had left my precious "luvie" in their house and had to go back in to get it.it was great to see the whole family.  and the cookies were good, too.  i'm just grateful i made out with only a haircut.~:o




       
      
         0 comments






saturday, july 26, 2008



	 who?  me, stress?
    

posted by  sarah gill at 12:43 pm

okay, it's been a while since evan jake or i have had a chance to post anything here on diaperlogue.  i bet you're all wondering what's happening.  well, there's been a lot going on.for those of you who don't already know, my daddy got a fancy new job in a new city.  i guess all of those years of slacking off, making personal long-distance phone calls from his office and stealing stationery supplies went remarkably unnoticed by other potential employers.  now he has a big important new job, and he might have to take this one a little more seriously.  i just had a major relocation myself about a month ago and now i have to move again.  with that last move i had, i wasn't allowed to take anything with me.  not even any clothes.  i didn't get a relocation allowance or anything.  this time, i will get to take all my stuff with me -- my swing, my pacifiers, my diapers, my blankies -- everything goes!i have to say, the house we live in now isn't nearly suitable for this princess, anyway.  i'm glad that mommy and daddy have gone out and bought us a new house that is much bigger.  my new room will be so much more spacious and is much sunnier.  i can't wait to get in there and paint it pink and purple.  that will be awesome.daddy seems a little stressed with having to move us all to a new city and start a new job.  i think his hair is turning gray.  i must be stressing a little, too, because all of my hair is falling out and my face has broken out with pimples.  oh, the horror!  i'm still pretty darned cute, though.  if daddy gets too stressed, he can just look at me and feel all better.  aren't i beautiful?  yes.  yes, i am.≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






thursday, july 17, 2008



	 no, i'm the baby!
    

posted by  sarah gill at 11:21 pm

i'm barely three weeks old, and i've already been shown up!yesterday, my new cousin got born.  now i'm not the little baby any more.  i'm the middle cousin on dad's side!well, i hope i get to meet my new cousin soon.  we can commiserate about that whole birthing thing and swap womb-tales.  and just so you all don't forget about me while you fuss over the new baby, here's an adorable picture of none other than me, sarah gill!≈:o




       
      
         0 comments






saturday, july 05, 2008



	 diaperreport: maryland science center
    

posted by  evan jake at 9:06 am

last weekend, my daddy took me to the maryland science center.  mommy and sarah stayed home to sleep. what else is new?  they missed out on a pretty fun time.  that first picture of me is at the inner harbor.  this is as close as daddy would let me back up to the water because there are no railings.  it makes one wonder how many tourists have shuffled into position for a picture and found themselves suddenly all wet.  but back to the science center...we went right when they opened on sunday morning and it was a perfect time to go.  daddy got us a parking space on the street right in front of the museum.  and there were no lines to get in.  the first thing we saw was the dinosaur exhibit.  this is what i was most excited about, as daddy had been hyping up the dinosaurs for a couple days in advance.  there were big tall dinosaur skeletons everywhere.  there were also some very lifelike looking statues of walking dinosaurs.  there was a loud "roaring" sound coming from that particular exhibit that kind of freaked me out.  i had to put my fingers in my ears and run in the other direction.  do they really have to make the statues so scary?  i bet the real dinosaurs were much nicer and cuddlier.the best part of the dinosaur museum was the digging part.  there were some undiscovered dinosaur bones right there in the museum that needed to be uncovered!  so i put on some protective glasses, grabbed a brush and went to work.  i was quite proud of my discovery and wasn't too pleased when the museum guide covered over my bones with fresh sand as i left.  after the dinosaur exhibit, we went upstairs and checked out all the cool physics displays.  i had tons of fun running around and pushing all the buttons that made sparks jump, pendulums swing, tornadoes spin and magnets repel.  they even had a giant bubble-maker.  oh, man, i love bubbles.i loved the dedicated kids' room.  in here i got to really run in cirlces, splash around at the water exhibit, play with springs, pegs and swirling ball thingies.  it was cool.  and i finally got to meet a fake cal ripken, since  i never got to meet the real cal ripken.  that's a picture of me shaking the fake cal ripken's hand.after leaving the kids' area, daddy decided we should take a pass on "body worlds 2."  i guess he didn't feel i need the detailed anatomy lesson just yet.  so on the way out, daddy bought me a stuffed dinosaur from the museum store.  this guy was definitely cuddlier than those bones i saw earlier.  all-in-all, we had a really good time and i only wish mommy and sarah had gotten to come along, too.overall rating: "a pacie"~:o




       
      
         0 comments












contributors

sarah gill
evan jake






current posts

tweet, tweet
my first ballgame
risky business
happy birthday, sarah!
purgatory
diaperreport: academy of natural sciences
the gloves are off
happy half birthday, sarah gill!
i'll cry if i want to
what's been going on?

more evan jake

the unremarkable merchandise of a suburban baby
evan jake facts
diaperreports
evan jake's first birthday special edition blog
evan jake's second birthday special edition blog


diaperlogue archives

december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
june 2009
july 2009









copyright © 2008 by evan jake and sarah gill 














