






ireland news - ireland mad











































 










































toggle navigation







news

latest news
match reports


forum









 



































latest ireland football news








ireland latest news










featured and additional articles





life after shay given
  	     
  	     shay given called time on his irish international career ... and boy they miss him!  	 




team lineups: spain v republic of ireland 14 jun 2012
  	     
  	     confirmation of the starting eleven and substitutes named for the evening game away to spain.  	 




republic of ireland v croatia - uefa euro 2012 match report
  	     
  	     republic of ireland v croatia - uefa euro 2012 match report.  	 




team lineups: republic of ireland v croatia 10 jun 2012
  	     
  	     confirmation of the starting eleven and substitutes named for the evening game at home to croatia.  	 




team lineups: republic of ireland v estonia 15 nov 2011
  	     
  	     confirmation of the starting eleven and substitutes named for the evening game at home to estonia.  	 




team lineups: estonia v republic of ireland 11 nov 2011
  	     
  	     confirmation of the starting eleven and substitutes named for the evening game away to estonia.  	 




team lineups: republic of ireland v armenia 11 oct 2011
  	     
  	     confirmation of the starting eleven and substitutes named for the evening game at home to armenia.  	 




team lineups: andorra v republic of ireland 07 oct 2011
  	     
  	     confirmation of the starting eleven and substitutes named for the evening game away to andorra.  	 




team lineups: russia v republic of ireland 06 sep 2011
  	     
  	     confirmation of the starting eleven and substitutes named for this afternoon's fixture away to russia.  	 




team lineups: macedonia fyr v republic of ireland 04 jun 2011
  	     
  	     confirmation of the starting eleven and substitutes named for the evening game away to macedonia fyr.  	 




team lineups: republic of ireland v macedonia fyr 26 mar 2011
  	     
  	     confirmation of the starting eleven and substitutes named for the evening game at home to macedonia fyr.  	 




keane set to play on saturday
  	     
  	     captain will start?  	 













like
tweet










					    trending on the boards
					





more from the boards








 












follow footymad


footymad facebook
footymad twitter
footymad's rss feed



sign up and join our team

football's writer program can give you the edge you need to get ahead apply now



information


about us
privacy & cookie policy
terms
advertise
contact us




about footymad

ireland, ireland news, ireland match reports, ireland player squad, ireland results, ireland , ireland football club.






© 2004 - 2025 www.ireland-mad.co.uk











 














navigation
 


ireland fc
latest news
premier league news
championship news
scottish premiership news
fixtures & results
tables
ireland messageboards
 
























