

quintet of the americas home page













 
























kim o’hare bonacorsa, david valbuena, alex davis, matt sullivan, barbara oldham



promoting woodwind quintet music of the western hemisphere for over 40 years! 








































celebration of women composers
this spring quintet of the americas celebrates the musical contributions of women composers. the quintet will feature music by peri mauer, julia wolfe, gabriela ortiz, jenni brandon  and shanyse strickland. during women’s history month concerts will take place at senior centers and york college in jamaica queens. more concerts will follow in may (sunday may 12th mother’s day at the queens botanical garden) and june at senior centers and libraries. we hope to see you at one of these performances. see concert listing for details. 

launching of new memory project
the quintet is proud to announce we are the recipients of a 2024 artistic projects grant award from chamber music america made possible by the generous support of the howard gilman foundation. with these funds we are commissioning composer fernando otero to write a new memory project work for the quintet based on stories and memories of seniors from the sunnyside community services senior program. we performed for the seniors in a special concert on february 15 that included pieces which have important memories for each of us. following the concert we were joined by fernando and had the opportunity to chat with the seniors and hear their stories and memories. fernando will take these stories and be inspired by them as he composes a new piece for us which we will premiere in the fall for the folks at sunnyside and throughout queens and in manhattan.
  
quintet of the americas creates concert archive of commissioned works as part of its celebration of 40 years in new york city – announcing launching of new archive website



announcing launch of quintet of the americas archive website!
please visit www.quintetoftheamericas.org  our new website which has information about pieces we have commissioned since our founding in 1976. there you will find music of all styles. there are new introductions by composers for some of the works! we will be adding links to more youtube performances but some are up already. enjoy!                       
the quintet continues project to perform commissions new and old
as we re-emerge with live concerts this spring the quintet brings commissions to audiences in seven venues including 3 senior centers in queens, and to audiences in manhattan at the new 9b9 gallery on the lower east side (home of the works of the late artist ken cro-ken), and in queens at the beautiful celebration hall in maple grove cemetery, and at culture lab in long island city as part of the renowned queens new music festival. please see upcoming concerts for details. 
our programs reflect the theme of re-emergence, a spring re-awakening. programs will include echoes from a distant land by josé raul bernardo which begins with the players musically searching for each other. we all were in isolation and to reach out and find our colleagues and friends again has been very meaningful.  we are thrilled to revive ed bland’s jazz quintet which we commissioned and premiered in 1981. performing it again now is surely a re-emergence of an important work. allen schulz spent 29 days in a coma and had a long but persistent recovery. for allen, working on his new piece has been an important part of his recovery, surely a re-emergence of great significance and an inspiration for us all.  ljova’s d.o.m. is the 3rd movement of rockaway baby, inspired by seniors at a rehab hospital in the rockaways. it is the first time we will be swinging it with contrabassoon. we premiered james cohn’s klezmer fantasy february 2019 in pleasantville, ny. more performances were planned for that spring but all the venues were soon closed as we went into isolation due to covid. we are happy to be giving this piece those performances now as we re-emerge into live concerts.















the quintet's mission is to  broaden knowledge and appreciation of music from the western hemisphere,  and particularly new music, through the performance, commissioning, and  recording of woodwind quintets and related chamber music. we encourage  inter-cultural appreciation and understanding by performing  contemporary, classical and folk-derived music from the diverse cultural  traditions of the americas. we search out collaborations with  composers, guest artists, other ensembles, other art forms and other  organizations to enrich our own growth and to enrich the musical  products we bring to the community. we seek to enhance understanding and  appreciation of this music through exploitation of multiple media and  innovative technologies. through community partnerships the quintet  serves recent immigrants, seniors and lower income audiences in queens  with its unique programs that bring new concert music and living  composers to the people.
to support the quintet in their outreach programs, commisions from artisits and other community events and concerts please contact quintetorg@gmail.com.                                        
black lives matter! statement of the quintet of the americas
the quintet of the americas stands in solidarity with the black community, in the arts and beyond, as our country struggles to overcome racial discrimination and violence. long espousing the values of equity and justice, both as an organization and as individuals, we will not remain silent at this time of turbulence.
the pandemic has affected us all, but none more than the black community. disparities in access to healthcare and housing, as well as education and jobs, have left communities of color struggling for survival.
as a musical ensemble, we recognize and value the immense contributions of black performers and composers to chamber music. our efforts to increase their visibility and representation, collaborating with black and latinx artists, have educated us and our audiences about the painful history of injustice they have long endured.
                                        the quintet continues to prioritize racial equity in all areas of our operations, and to encourage dialogue about organizational and structural racism within our field. we urge our audience members, funders, and colleagues in the performing arts to stand together with us to declare that racial intolerance and violence must be stopped. the change must be in each of us … and it must be now.                                        
quintet produces 9 educational videos 
after visiting one school to perform our educational program, the virus stopped us from visiting any more schools. we spent the first 6 weeks of stay-at-home recording and assembling a workshop video and 8 more videos which we sent to many schools. teachers and principals were grateful for these materials as they switched with no notice to on-line remote learning. we expect these videos will be used in more schools in the fall. they are all up on youtube.                                      



see the quintet on youtube
first memory project - bayside senior center, queens, ny https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp0s4xwf8-g
new memory project work, "retrospectives" by harold gutierrez on youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4ivrrj-iqo
memory project post-concert interviews with students and parents from the corona youth orchestra after our premiere performance of "dreamers' march" for solo quintet and youth orchestra by harold gutierrez https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jywhs2phzfa
new nysca commission "variable winds" by daniel ott on youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqaks__qfnc


sounds of brazil 

the quintet announces the release of its exciting new recording, sounds of brazil, on the msr label. the music includes choros, lullabies and songs by gaudencio thiago de mello who performs with the quintet on his unique organic percussion from the amazon. thiago plays with the quintet on works by ernesto nazareth and pixinguinha as well. the quintet is proud to include changes, a work they commissioned by brazilian-american pianist and composer marcelo zarvos. rounding out the cd is ventos, another quintet commission by a gifted young composer on the new york scene, ricardo romaneiro. guest artists include blair mcmillen on piano and scott kuney on guitar.
sounds of brazil on the msr label
karel husa recollections on the new world records label.
dancing in colombia on the msr label - 15 colombian dances including bambucos, pasillos, bundes and paseos.
self portrait on the cri label - avant garde music for quintet including works by pauline oliveros, elliot sharp, amy rubin, christopher culpo and lee hyla
discovering the new world on the mmc label - music from the carnegie hall concert (louis ballard, william thomas mckinley, roberto sierra, and "america (suite popular)" - ilan rechtman).
souvenirs, 20 musical mementos from the new world on the xlnt label - samuel barber's "summer music" and many quintet favorites.













the 19th annual latin american culture week 2024

tuesday, november 19th at 11:00am, sunnyside community services, center for active older adults, 43-31 39th street, sunnyside, ny 11104

tuesday, november 19th at 1:30pm, langston hughes library, 100-01 northern blvd, corona, queens
wednesday, november 20th at 10:30am at bayside center for older adults, 221-15 horace harding expressway, bayside, ny 11364
wednesday, november 20, 2024 at 1:00pm, alzheimer’s adult day program,	      190-04 119 ave., st. albans, queens, 11412
wednesday, november 20th at 3:00pm at queens botanical garden, 43-50 main st, flushing, ny 11355
thursday, november 21st at 7:00pm at national opera center, 330 7th ave, 7th floor, manhattan
sunday, november 24th at 3pm at maple grove cemetery, celebration hall, 127-15 kew gardens road, queens, ny 11415 (reception to follow)
	       

new climate concert released on youtube




this concert  addresses some of our concerns over the climate crisis.  works include chant #2  uirapurú do amazonas by gaudencio thiago de mello, rockaway beach winter 2017 by kevin james, a hug for pixinga and chant #10: canoa furada by thiago de mello, world winds (2017) by bruce odland, and fireflies by owl city (adam young). the music is beautiful, evocative, innovative and fun. it is up on youtube at this link
https://youtu.be/l02pl_ybwvc 
--------------------------------	    
concert in time of covid 19 -  concert  #1



	    quintet of the americas presents a concert of past performances of  selections chosen from over 100 pieces commissioned in the last 40  years. the first of several of these concerts, this one features te  sorprende? 2:37  and provincianita 1:00:30 by jorge olaya muñoz,   mannahatta windows by robert deemer 7:23,  a hug for pixinga  by  gaudencio thiago de mello 18:24,  music for bayside by lembit beecher  27:10,  arkansas reel by james cohn 36:56, dream song from vision iii by  judith sainte croix 43:45,  and variable winds by daniel ott 49:20.  closing music sourwood mountain variations by james cohn 1:03:39. 
 
watch the quintet play in "el picaflor"
quintet of the americas visits the new york hall of science and flushing meadow park. hear el picaflor (also available for download on amazon from the dancing in colombia cd.)
format wmv link – youtube –    dailymotion – veoh.com – vimeo.com

 

listen to the quintet
now also on soundcloud




 
wiggle room
        first movement of short winds (2010)  by sean friar recorded live at princeton university april 26, 2011



 
 sfumato i vivace, by  yao chen
        the quintet of the americas



 
 sfumato ii adagio, by  yao chen
        the quintet of the americas 



 
sfumato iii capriccio, by  yao chen
        the quintet of the americas



 
ambos mundos, shadow quartet, 
        neil rolnick 
        the quintet of the americas    



 
mo suo's burial ceremony,  by xinyan li
        the quintet of the americas 



 
 










our website improvements have been made possible by the queens council on the arts
									with support made possible through the jpmorgan chase arts and culture regrants program. 












special thanks to our major supporters: 







 

 




 
new york city department of cultural affairs
		                    new york state council on the arts
		                    chamber music america
		                    national endowment for the arts
	                      the jarvis and constance doctorow family foundation
 








