



mystic gateway holistic center













translations
 
traducen
 traducono
traduisent
traduzem
 übersetzen


mystic gateway holistic center
celebrating over 12 years of service
to the internet holistic community
since october 1995

 welcome to mystic gateway holistic center

our goal is to assist people in their healing process.  we are a non-commercial holistic center located in central new jersey (nj), usa. we aim to provide individuals with information and resources so they can make decisions regarding their personal healing. we want to unite the holistic community within the new jersey area, and connect to the global community. join our e-mailing list for a bi-monthly newsletter to keep informed about issues that may affect access to treatments of your choice, and  communicate with others on our mystic talk message board.

our holistic approach to healing includes complementary & alternative medicine, spirituality, mind/body, reflexology, reiki, food awareness, and more. we offer articles on various holistic health related subjects, and two ways to connect to other like minded individuals, a guestbook and a message board, mystic talk. feel free to browse our page and learn more about us. before you leave, please sign our guestbook. please visit often since we are always updating and adding to this page.

looking for something specific, use our new search page to help narrow it down.  

please bookmark this page before leaving. if you decide to bookmark any of our other pages, just be aware that their locations are subject to change, resulting in possible dead links.

****** updated 01/01/2008 ******
 


holistic message of the month 
 in real audio format.
a text version is also available.visit our message archives for previous messages.



table of contents
a guide to our extensive website


page maintained by jan rosenstreich, copyright(c) 1995-2008. created: 10/8/95 updated: 01/01/2008 


keywords: wholistic holistic health healing alternative complementary medicine nutrition new jersey spiritual mind body nj mystic gateway reflexology reiki


