










home - jackson county area chamber of commerce






















































  


















skip to content










join the chamber






































 
homeevents events calendar chamber event descriptions chamber videosabout overview board chamber staff chamber ambassadors committees leadership jackson junior leadership jackson leadership jackson alumni association ljaa application contact us economic development info request member directorybusiness directorymembership member login member application membership benefits committees advertising & sponsorships member to member deals submit member newsresources community resources jackson county demographics community-wide survey 2023 community map community guide read our newsletter read our chambering magazine job postings hot deals housing study info request








 






















your place to grow












					directory				








					events				








					contact				








					economic development				
























helping you grow your business, opportunities, and connections.

















events















events calendar






























































































grow your business













 
business & breakfastthe chamber hosts a monthly breakfast meeting with networking opportunities, educational speaker and content. join us the first wednesday each month.
 


 
ribbon cuttingsget started the right way.  as a member, the chamber will help you host a ribbon cutting ceremony and bring attention to your new, expanded, or relocated business.
 










join the chamber



















grow your opportunities











get involved!  the chamber has a committee for everyone.  what area are you interested in getting involved?  what is your passion?  the committees within the chamber drive chamber programming, initiatives and support member services.












join a committee


















grow your connections

















dr. emily howell 
howell orthodontics
"i love our chamber! there's nothing like having a great group of individuals and local businesses to support each other and share ideas and services. the chamber pulls us all together to find common ground and help each other-- an exemplary form of what "community" is all about!"
 
















blake mccarrin 
wjbb radio 107.1 fm
"the jackson county chamber of commerce does an outstanding job of bringing the business community together. fun events, learning opportunities and of course, networking! it's like doing big business with a small town feel. love, love, love the business owners and company representatives in jackson county! well worth the membership!"
 
















eric crawford 
crawford and boyle, llc
"the chamber does a phenomenal job supporting small businesses with resources, education, and training opportunities, as well as frequent networking opportunities. if you do business in jackson county you should be a member!"
 













how to become a member











read more reviews on google


















the chamber is awesome.







join us



















let us serve you

















jim shaw 
president & ceo
706-387-0300
jshaw@jacksoncountyga.com
 
















melissa britt 
senior vice president & director of member engagement
706-387-0300
mbritt@jacksoncountyga.com
 
















brooke lowden 
membership & events coordinator
706-387-0300
blowden@jacksoncountyga.com
 
















paige main 
membership & events manager
706-387-0300
pmain@jacksoncountyga.com
 
















contact us










 












© 2025 jackson county area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












jackson county area chamber of commerce










706-387-0300 










270 athens street | jefferson, ga 30549 










info@jacksoncountyga.com 






































 © 

 jackson county area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 
scroll to top
















