
rock and roll concert posters, handbills & memorabilia



paul getchell
1960's rock concert posters, handbills, 
and memorabilia
welcome to my poster website!
you are visitor number:


webcounter

please read the following information, then go to the lists below!


i buy, sell, and trade rock and roll-related concert posters, handbills,
and related memorabilia.  my area of special interest is 1960's psychedelic posters and handbills,
but you'll see from this list that "related" is a pretty broad term, and that there are many more
recent items, as well as some non-paper stuff, included as well. 
if you've found this site, you probably already know about the large commercial poster
dealers and auctioneers.  my approach is different.  since this is primarily a labor of love, i tend
to specialize in original rare and unusual items for serious collectors.  my personal interest is in
odd and unusual items from interesting and unusual venues, often featuring local groups rather
than rock stars, and reflecting the culture of the time at the locale where the events were held. 
most of the items listed here are true originals; that is, vintage printings from before or at the
time of the event.  generally, i'm not big on reprints, since they are often readily obtainable
elsewhere.  i do include some later printings from time to time if they are collectible in their own
right. when i do include a reprint, or if i'm not sure about what printing i have, i'll include that
information in the description.  

many of the items offered on this site were never produced for commercial sale or have been
unavailable commercially for many years.  some have been painstakingly rescued from walls,
closets, trunks in the garage, etc.  many are one-of-a kind items.  and there's simply a lot of
oddball stuff that somehow seems to fit in a list like this, even though it isn't strictly related to
rock and roll.

a note about yours truly:  i have been collecting 1960s posters for nearly 50
years, since i was in my late teens.  over the decades i have seen thousands and thousands of
posters, handbills, and similar items; certainly enough to have independently formed credible
opinions about them, as well as having heard much of the "poster lore" which has been passed
down orally over the years.  i have experienced much of the evolution of this hobby first hand.  i
was one of the major contributors to the late paul grushkin's book the art of rock,
which is the bible for rock art collectors.  so i guess i qualify as an "old school" poster collector. 
today, many scarcer posters go to auction, where the competition can be intense for the most
sought after items.  i have never felt comfortable doing this, and so i don't run auctions.  all the
items on this site have set sale prices.  similarly, there is a recent trend among a few newer
dealers to commoditize posters by the use of micrograding systems analogous to those that exist
in numismatics, comic books, and baseball cards, which stress minuscule differences in condition
as a major factor in valuation. personally, i think this is somewhat silly when applied to artwork,
and have no plans to introduce micrograding to this site, so that's one more thing you won't find
here.  

a note about this website: as you can tell, i've gone pretty lo-tech here.  no fancy
graphics, dancing figures, mind-blowing psychedelic doodads, etc.  there's something almost
perversely rebellious (and therefore in the true spirit of the '60's)  in keeping it simple, and most
of my customers seem to like it that way.  similarly, i haven't included illustrations of most of the
posters, in part because of copyright concerns.  illustrations of most of them are now readily
available elsewhere on the internet.  since the items in this list aren't illustrated, you're free to ask
any questions about them by e-mailing me; just click here. (note:  please indicate in the message title
that you're e-mailing about posters...i get numerous spam emails every day, and i don't want to
inadvertently delete your inquiry!)  i can transmit digital images if you are seriously interested
and it is essential that you see them before deciding whether or not to buy.  i also recommend the
sources listed on the  "references" page of this website for
illustration and information about rock posters.
 
i also buy and trade vintage rock posters
and related items.  if you have any to sell, please click here for further information.

before you peruse the lists, you should read
 the following:


reference sources for rock posters

condition and grading

ordering information

ok, on to the lists!  select whatever categories interest you.




are you a vinyl record collector?  if so, feel free to send me your want list of lps
you are looking for.  if you're looking for something special, let me know and i'll see what i can
do.  in particular, i have a good selection of scarce and obscure 60s-early 70s bay area items, so
if you're looking for something, for example, by the opening act on one of the fillmore posters,
maybe i can help...

update 1/18/2025: first update of the year for the website; inventory cleanup and a few
new items. paul

ok, now on to the lists!  select whatever categories interest you.


posters--bill graham and miscellaneous
 fillmore auditorium (last updated 1/18/2025)

posters--family dog and related
 (last updated 11/18/2024)
                                              
posters--miscellaneous california  (1960's
and early '70's)  (last updated 10/31/2024)

posters--miscellaneous non-california
(1960's and early '70's)   (last updated 1/26/2025)

posters
--more "recent" stuff (late 1970's to the present)  (last updated 1/26/2025)

handbills--bill graham and miscellaneous
 fillmore auditorium (last updated 1/18/2025)

handbills--family dog and related
 (last updated 10/23/2024)

handbills--miscellaneous california (1960's and early '70's) 
(last updated 1/18/2025)
                                   
handbills--miscellaneous non-california
(1960's and early '70's)   (last updated 1/18/2025)

handbills
--more recent stuff (last updated 10/23/2024)

original artwork, artists' proofs, and similar items (last updated
10/31/2024)

books, magazines, and programs (last updated 11/18/2024)

buttons and other promotional items (last updated 9/19/2024)

tickets  (last updated 1/18/2025)

...and all the stuff that wouldn't fit anywhere else.(last
updated 1/26/2025))





yours truly at the 2024 trps poster show:


sellin' records & posters at the san francisco museum of modern art show in june 2024,
with my wife marlene as booth assistant:





