
      premier bank of the south | north al checking & savings accounts
    




homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. beware of scammers!
if someone calls claiming to be from premier bank and asks you to verify any of your account information, hang up and call us directly at 256-737-9900.  we would never call you and ask you for your personal or account information.  got it!  
      premier bank of the south | north al checking & savings accounts
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. governmentpremier bank of the south  toggle navigation    menuclose menu

products


personal checking

business checking

savings

money market / ira products

loans

credit cards



services


zelle

online banking

debit cards

pay online

cash management

positive pay

remote deposit



about


about us

locations

contact us



 search close loginclose close online bankingwelcome back!log in to your account.usernamesign inforgot passwordenroll 

banking from your phone?


download our app for ios

download our app for android



   close searchwhat can we help you find?search start site searchpremier bank of the south 








mobile banking just got easier!
bank on your schedule.  check out all of the  features and enhanced security.

click here for more information!





  








deposit checks quickly with remote deposit
check out how to use remote deposit and discover other online features. 

click here for more information!





  








purchase with just a tap!
learn more about our contactless debit cards.

click here for more information!





 play main slider/pause main slider welcome to premier bank of the south
where our number one focus is our customers! 

we look forward to:
building lasting relationships   
locations
find a location near you and come visit us today!
search locations  
contact us
need to chat? contact a representative today.
contact information  
cyber security
learn how to stay alert and help keep your info safe.
about cyber security   
financial education
learn more about financial wellness.
check out articles  
check orders
running low on checks, or need them for a new account?
order now  
e-statements
convenient and environmentally friendly.
contact us or login now to enroll!   





online bill pay
use this feature to keep up with due dates and make secure payments easily. you can access bill pay through your internet banking login at any time! 




   





secure file upload
need to send documents we have requested from you? use our secure link!
send files now


  





round up
keep the change! enroll today and round up to the nearest dollar.
how to enroll


  





premier partners
providing the finest products and outstanding service to all those in the community.
about us


 play secondary area slider/pause secondary area slider  
what our customers say
  “we are so thankful for premier bank of the south! everyone that works there is phenomenal and so kind! premier has been the best banking experience that we have ever had! they go above and beyond to support small businesses, and we really appreciate how they make you feel like you matter and you’re not just another customer.” the farmhouse coffee company  
“jacob mullins and his team at premier bank of the south are great supporters of our students and schools. premier bank is continuously assisting our students and schools, whether it be in the area of academics, arts or athletics.”
kyle kallhoff, superintendent of cullman city schools
  “premier bank has played a pivotal role in helping my local small business flourish. they handle all of my banking needs with ease and are always readily available. you won’t find me banking anywhere else. “
 
 
steven deboer, deboer golf academy play testimonial slider/pause testimonial slider  beware of check fraud
fraudulent checks seem to be making their way around the world.  we would like to remind all of our customers to review your accounts frequently for anything that doesn’t seem right.  there are some scams where the check payee is “washed” and replaced with a fraudulent payee, there are also scams where the check isn’t altered at all but is intercepted by someone with fraudulent intentions.  you may never know unless the person you wrote the check to calls you and says they never received it. if a fraudulent check isn’t returned in a timely manner, you may be in a situation to lose money and we want to do everything we can to avoid that for our customers.  here are some helpful tips to make sure you aren’t a victim of fraudulent checks.



make sure you have internet banking on every account you have
check your account daily, looking at every check image to make sure the item hasn’t been altered in any way
notify the bank immediately if something on your account doesn’t look right
enroll in positive pay – this is a program that will allow you to review your checks before they clear your account.  call us at 256-737-9900 for more information!

learn more about how to avoid check fraud             back to the toppremier bank of the south routing # 062203890phone # (256) 737-9900

facebook

twitter

instagram



resources


financial education

financial calculators

cyber security



about us


about us

contact us





online banking terms & conditions

apple pay terms and conditions

privacy policy

sitemap

©  premier bank of the southmember fdicequal housing lender 

 
