









home























 



search ...  










toggle navigation







home















			welcome to salamander armoury		


 
  *
your interest in salamander armoury is greatly appreciated and we thank you for visiting. first a little background information on us, who we are, and what we do.
salamander armoury is owned and operated by jim hrisoulas, a full time bladesmith with over 50 years experience in hand forging finely crafted blades. all of the work pictured here on this site (and custom work as well) is 100% hand-crafted by jim. from steel and material selection, to forging, heat treating, finishing and leather work, it is all done by hand with no mechanical set-ups or jigs. we feel this hand forging coupled with proper thermal treatment makes for a superior blade, one that will out perform any blade that is just ground out of a bar of steel.our pattern-welded and laminated steel blades (often mistakenly referred to as "damascus") are all welded and built here, one at a time, forged from only the finest materials. unlike a lot of other makers we do not use recycled leaf springs or any other material that we are not 100% certain as to what it is. no "mystery metal" is ever used. all welding is done by hand using a hand hammer. pattern-welding is the welding of dissimilar metals into a single blade. by stacking, bending, and folding this "laminate" an unlimited number of patterns can be created. this process creates a blade, if done properly, which is much stronger and flexible than other blades. the techniques and methods used at salamander armoury have been used in dozens of cultures around the world for well over 15 centuries to create the finest one-of-a-kind blades fit for royalty and nobility.
we are now at the point where we can offer true "crucible damascus" blades from time to time.. the first pieces we made were received exceedingly well, so as time permits we will be offering these for sale. this process involves a lot of heat and some time held at elevated temperatures but the blades that come from this process are gorgeous and no two are the same!
our owner, dr. jim hrisoulas has been referred to as one of the "last of the old school bladesmiths" on numerous occasions in various publications world wide. it is a "title" that jim takes seriously as he feels that although there is "always something new on the horizon" it is equally important to understand and preserve the "old ways" of doing things and we here are dedicated to both the old as well as the new. in doing so we are helping preserve this ancient craftit is jim's dedication to the art of hand forging blades that lead to the writing of his books. these works are now considered the "standard reference material" for hand forging blades, something that not many other makers can say. he is currently working on book iv which hopefully will be done later this year.
we have finally completed our japanese series of blades and unless there is a need for any more "work in progress" photographs there will be no more made as jim is finally completing that section of his fourth book. this frees him up to get back to what other pieces that need to be done..
on book iv, it has been a long time coming and it is nearing completion. jim still needs to finish up some odds and ends on a few sections however we do need a graphic artist to do the line drawings from sketches done by jim for the book. if any graphic artist types would like to know more, by all means feel free to contact us for more information. book iv has been a real labour to get out onto paper however its completion is near.  more as it's release approaches...
thank you for visiting.jp hrisoulas
 
jim can be reached at: this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
                                    727-857-7784 (afternoons are best times to call...)
*this sword is jim's personal sword. it has a 31 1/2" long blade, welded in his "quetzalcoatl"  pattern which is a wavy feather pattern. it is welded from a mix of meteoric iron and high carbon steel with twin fullers and a file worked spine, the grip is made of copal and the fittings are forged mild steel
 
updates:
update!! sale has started!!
update! new items and a sale! 01/06/2025
update number 1!! greetings!! 12/24/2024
update: sale extended
hurricane sale is now on!
10/27/2024 new pieces added and a sale!
hurricane milton update 10/15/2024
08/23/2024: new items posted and an update!
08/13/24 new items coming and a price reductrion!
08/04/2024: new items!
update! news and new items!
update!! news and all....graphic artist needed!
flash sale is on!!
update! swords will be posted
update: new items and emergency flash sale!
update: new kogarasu maru sword posted!
new swords posted..mea culpa
update: new swords coming
new swords are posted!!
update
update
new sword and update
sue update 10/16/23
sue update: 09/06/23
sue update and prayer request
update on sue and other things
update of sue and other things
update: news on sue and new pieces are added !
 update: sale info
update on sue and other info
update on sue.
update and prayer request
update: memorial day sale and other news. 
st patrick's day sale 2023!!
mia culpa!! update!
more sale pieces added!
update and merry christmas sale
update!! swords posted!
 new update!!
2022 new year sale is on!!
new year's eve 2022!!
new pieces added!!
update!! surgery, new items and paypal:
update! sword posted and news!!
update!! new sword on the way!!
new swords are up!!
update: slight delay
two more book iv swords!
last swords in series posted!!
update! the last samurai!
 book sword posted!
new sword on the way!
update: 1/20/12: the sword is up!!
update: 1/18/21: no 1
update!! 2020 christmas sale is on!!
update!! swords posted!
update! new japanese swords coming!
update!! finally that new sword is posted
new update!!
 update!! new swords coming!
update! katana posted..
update
update 07/29/20
update and sad tidings
update! new items added!!
new items for the covid sale posted
update..new stuff and covid
update, sale, and a show!
new katana just posted
show time! 
happy 2020!! and...an update!
update! cyber monday 2019 sale!!
november update
october update #2
 october update! new pieces up!
update, i was laid low and a sale!! 
update! new pieces and a teaser!
tachi is posted! 
update!
update!! new stuff!!
update and a special sale!~
update and sale!!
happy new year!! update
new items!! update!!
new items up and an update!!
update!! 50 years of bladesmithing and new items
update!!! we are back!!
update!!
update! back from nevada..and not so good news
update! on the road and sale info!
 new update!!
sale update!
update!! important news and a memorial day sale!!
we have landed and an update!
update..merry christmas and we are moving!!
sale update! more pioeces added!!
update and news!
 10/01/17: more items posted!
major update!! 
 7/28/17:: sale is on
update: 7/26/17 new items and a sale
family emergency..in communicado until 18 july 2017
update july 4, 2017
axes of e-vile
update! new pieces! 
update 05/31/17
update 5/29/17
 update 5/28/17
 update! site crash! 





				you are here:  
			


						home					








menu
welcome to salamander armoryabout jimin stock itemscoin ringscustom shopclasses in bladesmithingarticles by jimbooks by jimphoto gallerycontact jim












					back to top				


				© 2025 my portal			




