






the silly magician – long island party magician – magic that tickles – 631-576-9098



































		skip to content	



 



the silly magician – long island party magician
magic that tickles – 631-576-9098








    menu	
home
a perfect party
videos
gallery
contact
less silly
santa claus
blog

  
			scroll down to content		












home




congratulations, you found the home of long island magician mike maione. mike is long island’s silliest magician.
we’ve all been cooped up at home; no live theatre, no big parties with lots of friends and relatives, and no live magic. but now, things are getting back to normal, and the silly magician is ready to show you magic that tickles.

mike maione is the silly magician
if you are looking for a silly magician, especially for children, you’ve come to the right place. past clients all agree mike is the first performer to call if you are planning a kid’s party because mike knows where the funny bone is in every kid. his magic show for kids has youngsters of all ages giggling and their parents in stitches. are you planning a birthday party? if so, be sure to check out his birthday party tips.
the silly magician gives away a silly magician tee shirt. but it’s a bit too small.
a family-friendly long island magician
while mike maione is most well known as a kid’s party magician, he also does large shows on stage and corporate events. often he performs strolling magic in restaurants and cocktail parties throughout nassau and suffolk counties. he is the perfect magician for a wedding reception or as the magician for a bar mitzvah, where his close-up miracles will astound and get even the grumpiest old geezer laughing and having fun.
the silly magician at the new york aquarium
so, if you are searching for the best magic show for kids, a great magic show for adults, or a magic show to entertain the whole family, you can be confident that the silliest long island magician, mike maione, is the magician to talk to first.
northport feed & grain
you can see the silly magician in action and enjoy some great food occasionally at the northport feed & grain. the restaurant has some fantastic specials, is dog friendly, has a beautiful patio for outside dining, and, best of all, the silly magician. northport feed & grain is located at 73 main street in beautiful downtown northport. their website is www.thefeedandgrain.com
magic shows for big kids on long island and vicinity

when it comes to magic, everyone is a kid at heart. the silly magician may be one of the best magicians on long island for kids, but that does not mean he performs for little kids exclusively.  if you want to know more about mike’s programs for adult audiences, go to www.mikemaione.com.
mike maione, the silly magician, performing his sock trick at the mohegan sun.
the parlor of mystery
mike also produces parlor magic shows at the parlor of mystery, which features mike and other professional magicians worldwide. the new home of the parlor is theatre three in port jefferson.

call 631-576-9098 for more information.
email: mike@sillymagician.com
magic lessons
the silly magician also teaches magic. his workshop at the osher lifelong learning institute at stony brook, magic for grandparents, is one of the most popular workshops offered and fills quickly. a new semester begins in september. mike also gives private lessons.

lots of satisfied clients
hear what some of mike’s clients have to say about his shows. 


actual reviews read by actors.
is this your card
every magician has a favorite card. penn & teller like the three of clubs. here’s my favorite.





 











youtube  
facebook  
 


		proudly powered by wordpress	























































































































































































