



mcaa - mosquito control association of australia inc









































  



 skip to content skip to primary sidebarmcaamosquito control association of australia incheader right 
 headquarters: admin@mcaa.org.au 
members area


home
about us

about us
welcome
mcaa committee
australia – usa mosquito control personnel exchange program


member

become a member
become a sponsor
member login


mosquito info

mosquito info
hidden housemates: the mosquitoes that battle for our backyards
why do mosquitoes seem to bite some people more often?


events

moz_01 – mosquito management course
mosquito management course – western australia
14th mcaa and the 13th ara online symposium

scientific program for the 2021 mcaa and ara symposium
sponsors of the 14th mcaa and 13th ara symposium 2021
guest speakers of the 14th mcaa and 13th ara symposium




store

mosquito bites magazine


gallery
resources

mosquito bites magazine
a guide to australian mosquitoes
state department resources
recent publications


contact








 






 leadership
the mcaa is australia's leading organisational body when dealing with mosquito control efforts.




 information
we provide free information to the general public and other professional bodies regarding mosquito control.




 education
we provide free information to the general public and other professional bodies regarding mosquito control.















newsfeed


ted talk – green cities and mosquitoes
“how to design mosquitoes out of cities”. a/prof cameron webb (university of sydney and nsw health pathology) provides a presentation […]


march 14th, 2022
a guide to mosquito control around piggeries
the discovery of widespread activity of japanese encephalitis virus in australia has prompted a fresh approach to how to effectively […]


march 11th, 2022
japanese encephalitis virus discovered in southeastern australia
the mosquito-borne japanese encephalitis virus has been discovered for the first time in southeastern australia. the virus has been detected […]


march 5th, 2022
do mosquitoes play a role in outbreaks of covid-19?
mosquitoes can spread many pathogens of human health concern. it is common during an major outbreak of disease that many […]


july 8th, 2021
preliminary program for the 2021 mcaa and ara online symposium announced
the organising committee of the 14th mosquito control association of australia (mcaa) / 13th arbovirus research in australia (ara) symposium […]


june 29th, 2021

more news






				upcoming events info
			











become a mcaa member









browse our resources









feel free to contact us












 head office
			


		
		e-mail: admin@mcaa.org.au 

(02) 0123 4567



		
		mosquito control association of australia inc. 
		po box 5052, gold coast mail centre, qld. 9726. australia

	

 
the mcaa inc has been issued with an a.b.n. which is 16 346 200 302. the mcaa inc. is not registered for gst accordingly, no gst will be charged. 
*the mcaa inc will absorb any gst that is incurred by the association. mosquito images used in this website are credited to stephen doggett.



copyright © mosquito control association of australia inc.


privacy policy | terms & conditions

 
















