
















bridge to somewhere




































bridge to somewhere

















home







skip to main  |
      skip to sidebar





latest post

















online shopping tips and advices






finding the best toys
to enhance the romantic life on the internet is not easy as there are so many
sellers that sell the same products with different price. in this case, the
buyer must find the seller that offers the lowest for these toys. another case
that makes the searching of the best product is that there are ton of sellers
that sell not original product even with the same trademark like hot gvibe.
buying the fake product won’t give you advantages at all. this is what requires
you to be more careful when purchasing such product online. knowing the sample
of the original product is the ultimate thing for the buyer. it can be a good
reference to have a basic knowledge of the original product. 



to find the original
products, what the buyer must do is to find the trusted seller first. there are
some criteria of the trusted seller that can be a good parameter to determine the
seller reliability. to find the parameter of the trusted site that selling you preferred
product, you can learn to identify it by reading article related to the site reliability.
unreliable site is named as scam. this is must be avoided by the buyer. once you
are trapped in a scam circle, you may lose everything you have especially money
as scammer is money oriented. this is a little sharing of my knowledge about
shopping online. remember that the safe shopping online will make you easier to
buy your preferred stuff without going out from your home. i hope this will be
a good reference for those who want to do online shopping. 


to get another
resource of the online shopping tips, you can browse it on the net. it takes
very short time to find a handy book related to online shopping tips and
advices. 


read more »







at
10:59 am




0
comments







tweet









 













water as the best health drink for us













there are a lot of commercial health drinks out there in the market nowadays.  they claim that they provide cure for illnesses, even citing studies of their drastic impact on cancer.  but amidst these countless choices, we may e forgetting about nature’s most important “cocktail” – water.



some health professionals say that most of the people nowadays are dehydrated and they are not aware of it.  people are more interested in drinking coffee, tea and sodas which also contains caffeine.  about 83 percent of our blood is made of water.  muscles are made of 75 percent water, while bone is 22 percent composed of water.   actually, an average person who weighs around 150 lbs., contains 40 to 50 quarts of water.  that makes 2/3 of our body weight are from water.



drinking water also retains the fluids necessary for the body to function.  when the body gets less water, it begins to hold on to each drop of fluid and water it has.  water is stored outside the cells making feet, legs and hands to swell.  to overcome this problem, the best thing to do is to drink plenty of water.  the stored water outside the cells will be released. 



aside from being completely necessary for biological processes, drinking the recommended 8 glasses of water a day will definitely give you significant health improvements. it would improve your energy, increase mental and physical performance, remove toxins and other waste products from the body.



water also helps you to get glowing and healthy-looking skin.  water acts as a natural body purifier, this disposes the toxins out of your body.  there are even studies citing water intake as an important factor in weight loss.  when a body does not have enough water, the fat cells cannot be easily metabolized.  this “rubber-like” fat cell is harder to lose.  water can also suppress your hunger.  



not drinking enough water is also the number one reason of fatigue.  there are also studies that showed that drinking the recommended 8 glasses of water a day relieves most patients from back and joint pain.  it even has effects on our memory and ability to concentrate.  if you lack water intake, you can have short-term memory, trouble with your basic math and focusing on what you have in front of you, either a computer screen or a page you are handling. 



aside from regular tap water, you can see a lot mineral water and even alkaline water in the stands. compared to ordinary tap water, alkaline water has higher ph level.  alkaline water is said to have help in neutralizing acids and remove toxins from the body.  alkaline water drinkers and proponents believed that most of what we eat and drink produces acid waste.  aside from this, they also say that alkaline water gives electrochemical activity to the cell.  



to keep the body hydrated, you do not have to drink from your water bottle every time.  food is also source of your 20 percent total water intake.  the remaining 80 percent comes from other beverages. fruits and vegetables also contain a lot of water.  oranges would have 87 percent of composed of water.  



even if there are people promoting alkaline water, there are still other health care professionals who thinks that we should just stick to regular, plain water. whether it is alkaline water or normal water, we could not deny that it is one of the wonders of mother nature.  over centuries, water has been the natural health drink for us.












read more »







at
2:40 pm




0
comments







tweet









 













coffee as a health drink for coffee lovers











coffee lovers, the people who love coffee would be surprised to hear that their most beloved drink can also be considered as a health drink nowadays. 



before, coffee is not considered as a health drink because of its high caffeine content. but now, more and more studies show that coffee—in moderation—can be considered as a health drink because of the number of benefits one can enjoy from drinking it. 



in most workplace settings, a normal person can consume at least four cups of steaming brewed coffee in a day. this is to keep him or her to stay alert and awake in the next hours. in most countries, coffee is considered as a staple drink. in fact, all over the world, people have their specialty coffee from beans that only grow and found in that part of the globe. 



the coffee revolution



nowadays, a lot of people are getting more and more apprehensive about what they are actually buying and how it is grown or made especially their coffees. one of the most noticeable trends is coffee now is organic coffee. this type of coffee very much similar to regularly grown coffee, the only difference is the method by which the farmer grew the coffee. the process does not include pesticide, chemicals, and other substances except the ones found in nature were used to grow the coffee beans. this kind of coffee is untouched by the ravaging effects of chemical used to kill pests that's why some people believe it has therapeutic properties. 



today, coffee—whether its organic or not—is considered by many people as a health drink because it is believed to contain more antioxidants in one typical serving compared to that of other juices such as grapes, oranges, and raspberries blueberries. in fact, more and more dieticians agree that coffee can be a good alternative for commercial health drinks because it can bring benefits that can be good for a person's overall health. here's a list of what coffee—as a health drink—can do for the coffee lovers out there. 



1. excellent source of anti-oxidant. a cup of coffee is believed to be loaded with tannin and antioxidants that are beneficial in keeping diseases away and can help achieve a healthier skin. certain properties of coffee are believed to help control the cell damage which leads to the development of certain diseases.



2. good for the cardiovascular system. experts agree that coffee contain properties that are good for the heart and its arteries. it also helps improve the circulation of blood within the person's heart.



3. an alternative headache and asthma reliever. people who consume enough amount of caffeine are known to reduce risks of possible asthma attacks because the caffeine is believed to be a good pain buster. 



4. promotes healthy liver. aside from reducing the risk of several serious cardiovascular illnesses, coffee is believed to bring about healthy benefits to the liver especially those who have cirrhosis and gallstones.



5. controls sugar levels among diabetics. coffee is known to be a good source of "chlorogenic acid," that are proven to reduce large amounts of glucose concentrations in the blood. people who are prone to diabetes can consume larger quantities of coffee because it greatly helps in the prevention of diabetes. 


6. it can boost to athleticism. as a health drink, drinking coffee can be a good way to boost one's athleticism because of its high caffeine content. experts agree that caffeine can enhance the athletic endurance and performance of an athlete, what more in an ordinary person?












read more »







at
2:28 pm




0
comments







tweet









 













tea much healthier than coffee













when you travel, the stewardess will go around the plane serving food, snacks and drinks. when he or she asks what you want to drink, try asking for tea instead since it is considered to be a health drink. 



tea has been served for thousands of years. they come from leaves and when heated, provide us with a lot of health benefits. 



for one, tea contains antioxidants which prevent or slow down the oxidative damage to our body. this simply means lowering the risk of suffering from various diseases such as cancer, diabetes and heart disease.



tea also happens to be much healthier than coffee because in terms of caffeine content, you only get about 30 to 40mg per cup compared to coffee which has about 135 mg. of caffeine. 



another benefit of drinking tea is its ability to strengthen your immune system. for instance, no one knows yet the cause of the common cold but it still happens. if you drink tea regularly, your immune system will be strong enough to prevent you from getting this contagious infection. 



although water is the best thing to drink whenever you feel dehydrated, studies have shown that tea can provide the same thing as well. this is because tea is a diuretic making you urinate regularly so there is a balance between what goes in and out of your body.



tea does not have any calories unlike those found in energy drinks. this is because it does not contain any sugar. the only time that you will be ingesting calories is when you decide to add sweetener or milk with this drink 



overweight people can benefit from drinking tea because drinking tea regularly increases your metabolism. in short, you burn faster what you eat making it possible for you to burn at least 70 to 80 calories per day. at that rate, you can lose almost 8 pounds after one year. 



but what kind of tea should you drink? well there are too many to mention so let’s just stick with two namely black and green tea. both come from the same plant but what sets these two apart is how these are processed. the leaves for making green tea are dried for a shorter period of time compared to the other one. black tea also goes through a fermenting process before this is packed and sold in the market. 



the best part about making this your regular health drink is that you can serve this hot or cold. this allows you to have it any time of the day or night so all you need is some water, a cup or a tall glass. 



you can buy tea in the grocery and in some specialty stores. remember, all teas contain the same amount of flavonoids. what tea will be your favorite depends from what tree it comes from and which of these is suitable to your taste. you could say that this depends on the person similar to what choice of coffee you order when you decide to go to starbucks. 



tea has been around for many years and its success all this time is because it is a health drink. you should try one today and then see if you like it. who knows? you might even be addicted to it and never again coffee. 












read more »







at
2:33 pm




0
comments







tweet









 











next post »

home








popular post









coffee as a health drink for coffee lovers
        coffee lovers, the people who love coffee would be surprised to hear that their most beloved drink can also be considered as a healt...





online shopping tips and advices
   finding the best toys to enhance the romantic life on the internet is not easy as there are so many sellers that sell the same products w...










lactose intolerance
lactose intolerance  is the inability to digest lactose, the sugar primarily found in milk and dairy product. lactose intolerance  has been ...










natural health drinks and their benefits
         health drinks have become increasingly popular nowadays.  before it was difficult to find health drink supplement, but currently th...







blog archive





december (1)
      

august (1)
      

july (11)
      

june (3)
      

june (2)
      

october (2)
      

august (1)
      







labels



health drink






followers













 




















support :

copyright © 2011. bridge to somewhere - all rights reserved



proudly powered by blogger









