






 


book store homepage - carol kornacki ministries































































































skip to content



store my account prayer requests contact useful links+1 704 579 0399support@carolkornacki.orgfacebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new window


carol kornacki ministries
bookstore & spiritual resourse center

authorabout carol kornacki outreach prayer requests statement of faith  shop schedule media donations 


$0.000



view cartcheckout 

no products in the cart. 


subtotal: $0.00 

view cartcheckout 








 
authorabout carol kornacki outreach prayer requests statement of faith  shop schedule media donations 









spreading the good news 
							to the lost & hurting 
							thru jesus christ 
							shop our store 
make a donation 



2020 
							 











about author / bible teacher / speakercarol kornacki“jesus came healing the brokenhearted, binding up their wounds. announcing freedom for those held captive by the dark forces of this world. sharing god’s amazing love and forgiveness. now, i go! in christ’s name, determined, equipped, relentless!”


testimonymedia outreachhurting womencarol's heart










today carol kornacki is reaching countless people with jesus christ’s life-changing message through television, radio, seminars, conferences and churches throughout the world. carol kornacki ministries has reached out on an international level by both radio and television. carol has hosted her own program called,” keys to the kingdom,” she has appeared on the “700 club,” “tbn,” “daystar christian television network,” “sky angel,” “life, with james and betty robison, and a host of others.
carol is determined to set the captives free through this wonderful gospel that has changed her life.






as it becomes more and more apparent that women are hurting and in need of special attention, carol has begun meetings exclusively for women called, “women’s healing clinic’s.” in these powerful meetings women get special attention in regards to their personal needs. they are prayed for and many testify of god’s love and power giving them strength and new hope.
read more »






the heart of carol kornacki ministries is to minister to people and to give them hope; to encourage them through god’s mighty word; to educate and strengthen the body of christ; and to let every person know that jesus is lord and he can and will bring us through until we see him face to face.
if you would like help us with your financial support please click the link below.
make a donation »





2 books for $25.00a soul for sale & betrayalby carol kornackibuy now



a soul for sale










betrayal - the deepest cut










a soul for sale~ my life story, no holds barred. from a poor family life filled with  violence and alcoholism, to a teen pregnancy, abortions and a life of addiction, mental illness, witchcraft., living on the streets, filled with hate. finally at a young age i was told i would die of a damaged liver.  i tried to take my life and wanted so desperately to die, until a major intervention took place that changed my life forever..






the deepest wound is the wound of betrayal. it comes in so many forms. this book has 12 different stories of people who were deeply betrayed. some of them are my own. in the pages of this book is a journey to healing.








a soul for sale









a soul for sale~ my life story, no holds barred. from a poor family life filled with  violence and alcoholism, to a teen pregnancy, abortions and a life of addiction, mental illness, witchcraft., living on the streets, filled with hate. finally at a young age i was told i would die of a damaged liver.  i tried to take my life and wanted so desperately to die, until a major intervention took place that changed my life forever..







betrayal - the deepest cut









the deepest wound is the wound of betrayal. it comes in so many forms. this book has 12 different stories of people who were deeply betrayed. some of them are my own. in the pages of this book is a journey to healing.







featured products by carol kornacki
sale!


out of stock



cd pkg special!

$32.00 original price was: $32.00.$15.00current price is: $15.00.
details 





sale!






inner healing 5/cd’s

$20.00 original price was: $20.00.$10.00current price is: $10.00.
add to cart 










betrayal, the deepest cut

$8.00 – $12.99
select options 
		this product has multiple variants. the options may be chosen on the product page	



shop our book store










carol kornacki carol kornacki ministries is reaching countless people with jesus christ's life-changing message through television, radio, seminars, conferences and churches throughout the world. 
carol kornacki ministries believes in caring for the orphan and supporting the widow and so this ministry faithfully sows into these lives. read more »

special offers

 


cd pkg special!


$32.00 original price was: $32.00.$15.00current price is: $15.00. 




 


3 cd bundle


$30.00 original price was: $30.00.$12.00current price is: $12.00. 




 


2 book bundle


$28.00 original price was: $28.00.$25.00current price is: $25.00. 


contact informationmailing address
9811 fairway ridge rd.
charlotte, nc 28277
ministry line: +1.704.579.0399
email contacts
prayer request: carol@carolkornacki.org
find us on:facebook page opens in new windowx page opens in new windowlinkedin page opens in new windowmail page opens in new windowwebsite page opens in new window 









					2012-2025 carol kornacki ministries | all rights reserved | web development by dmnetsolutions.com


store my account prayer requests contact useful links







go to top


 




































































