



























home | st. nektarios greek orthodox church












 










 
 








 











 
 













































st. nektarios
greek orthodox church













menu
home
members & visitors


members

become a member
sacrament planning

visitors
inquirers


community


our clergy
our history
our patron saint
building campaign
community calendar
community worship
parish governance


parish publications
ministries


ministry overview and guide

liturgical ministries

acolyte service
adult religious education
bookstore
fellowship
learn greek
life & family
missions & philanthropy
music ministry
philoptochos
outreach & welcome ministry
safety & security ministry
sanctuary captains
usher team


youth
links
media
give online
live stream
liturgical service texts



































calendar


(see full calendar.)













































icon by the hand of chrysanthos karagiannakisicon by the hand of chrysanthos karagiannakis

st. nektarioson our christian calling
“christians, have we understood the great responsibility we have taken on before god, through holy baptism? have we come to know that we must conduct ourselves as children of god? that we must align our will with the will of god? that we must remain free from sin? that we must love god with all our hearts, and always patiently await union with him? have we thought about the fact that our heart should be so filled with love that it should overflow to our neighbor? do we sense that we must become holy and perfect, children of god and heirs of the kingdom of heaven? we must struggle for this, so that we may not be shown unworthy and rejected. let none of us lose our boldness, nor neglect our duties, nor be afraid of the difficulties of spiritual struggle. for we have god as a helper, who strengthens us in the difficult path of virtue.”

















our parish



our parish is an orthodox christian community in the metropolis of atlanta, within the greek orthodox archdiocese of america, an eparchy of the ecumenical patriarchate. our archpastor is his eminence metropolitan sevastianos of atlanta. learn about our clergy here, and our ministries here.






metropolitan sevastianos of atlantametropolitan sevastianos of atlanta






















our mission
st. nektarios greek orthodox church is dedicated to the continuation of our lord and savior jesus christ's ministry of salvation through the proclamation and teaching of the gospel; through baptism in the name of the father, the son, and the holy spirit; and through loving service to god and mankind.
 
our vision
the community will provide a loving, caring and welcoming environment where all belong and grow in the faith through worship, service, witness and fellowship.



























the ministry we are able to offer is dependent upon god's providence and our own contributions in kind. please follow this link to learn about stewardship and how to register to add your offering today!
























learn more about our capital campaign that will enable us to expand our facilities and our ministerial reach!








































































































































































st. nektarios greek orthodox church — 5108 kuykendall road, charlotte nc 28270 tel: 704-708-4669 | fax: 704-846-6094 | office@stnektarios.org | @stnektarioscharlotte 



powered by orthodox web solutions
home | back | print | top





















