 edisto island - edisto chamber of commerce     
   
 




visiting edisto

 
back


things to do




state park




botany bay




events calendar

  events


back


upcoming events




events calendar




turtle tide art project




about edisto

 
back


residents




churches of edisto




wedding




business directory




join the edisto chamber




get involved




careers on edisto




in the news




newsletter sign up




faq




contact us




51°f member login
searchdiscover




edisto beach


join our newsletterso much to see around edisto beachwelcome to edisto beach, a special place that offers unique experiences that will make you want to come back year after year. edisto is a not-so-well-kept secret just a short drive from charleston, south carolina. you may be visiting edisto for the first time or may be one of many visitors and vacation homeowners that return to edisto each year to relax and recharge, but we guarantee you will not want to leave.learn morevisit edisto beachthings to doexplore nowfind your dream vacationplaces to stay in edistoexplore nowjoin the edisto chambervisiting may feel like a step back to simpler times but there are plenty of things to do on edisto island sc. relaxing on the beach may be the most popular pastime but there is something for everyone, even the most active. edisto remains unblemished by high rises, neon and drive-throughs and your vacation holiday can be filled with indulgences for the body, mind and spirit.learn moreplaces to eat in edistovisiting may feel like a step back to simpler times but there are plenty of things to do on edisto island sc. relaxing on the beach may be the most popular pastime but there is something for everyone, even the most active. edisto remains unblemished by high rises, neon and drive-throughs and your vacation holiday can be filled with indulgences for the body, mind and spirit.explore now  newsletter
you'll receive the most up-to-date
information on what's happening on
edisto island
sign up nowupcoming events
we always have somthing happening on
edisto island, expore events now!
explore now#thisisedistosee what our visitors love about edisto island!use the #thisisedisto to get your image featured!
happy monday y’all! 📸 global_exhibitor#edistobeach#thisisedisto

        131    
        2    

open            



one of our favorite views in edisto. 😍what`s on your must-see list when you`re here? let us know in the comments!📸: miranda gaehde #thisisedisto

        184    
        7    

open            



did you know that today is national south carolina day? 🌴make time to get out and celebrate our state`s natural beauty, history, and charm on edisto! we`d recommend grabbing some boiled peanuts from the happie truck or snacking on collard greens at one of our local restaurants, like the briny swine. 😋 #thisisedisto

        163    
        1    

open            



we are riding the waves into a weekend full of events! 🎉don`t miss out on our fun-filled labor day weekend with the edisto beach shag festival and the edisto belles beachwalk fundraiser! for more details, go to the link in our bio.#thisisedisto

        63    
        0    

open            



happy #nationalbeachday! ⛱we hope you get to celebrate on the best beach in south carolina, edisto beach. 🌊 while you`re out enjoying your beach day, consider picking up any litter you might see to help keep our beautiful beach clean!#thisisedisto

        49    
        0    

open            




visit us
edisto beach civic center
42 station ct
edisto island, sc 29438
visitor center hours: m-f 10am-4pm
questions? 843-869-3867join the edisto chamberedisto in the newscontact usjob postingsfollow us!

request a 
visitor’s guide
get it now!

 website powered by advyon




close		font resizea-a+reset font sizecontrastchoose colorblackwhitegreenblueredorangeyellownaviunderline linksclear cookies
close
accessibility by wah
newsletter signup








×			
contact us






would you like the visitor’s guidebook?
yesnohow did you hear about edisto?
—please choose an option—magazine or newsletteronline advertisementsocial mediagoogle searchfriend or familyrepeat visitorothersubscribe to our newsletter?
yesno

×			
request our guidebook






would you like the visitor’s guidebook?
yesnohow did you hear about edisto?
—please choose an option—magazine or newsletteronline advertisementsocial mediagoogle searchfriend or familyrepeat visitorothersubscribe to our newsletter?
yesno

×			


























generic selectors

exact matches only

search in title

search in content
post type selectors



×			
           




