
 










franchises for sale & franchise opportunities usa | franchiseek



































































franchises by location

united states of america
international franchises


popular searches

affordable franchises
master franchises
best franchises
top franchises
franchise resales


news
franchise advertising
location

south africa


 

































franchises for sale
franchise directory of the best franchises for sale in the usa including trending franchises & new franchise opportunities for sale. find the top franchises in the usa now with franchiseek




search franchises


all industriesautomotive franchisesbest franchisesbusiness advisory franchisescare franchisescatering franchiseschildren franchisescleaning franchisescoffee shop franchisescourier franchiseseducation franchisesfinancial franchisesfranchise resalesgardening franchiseshealth and beauty franchiseshealth and fitness franchiseshome based franchiseshome improvement franchiseshotel franchisesinternet franchiseslow cost franchisesmanagement franchisesmaster franchisesmerchandising franchisespet related franchisesplumbing franchisesproperty franchisesrecession proof franchisesretail franchisesservices franchisessports franchisestop franchisestravel franchisesvan based franchises

all statesohioalabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawarefloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachausettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaoklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyoming






latest franchise opportunities for sale in the usa






what is dice business? the word dice is an acronym for our values, which reflect the work we do with…




 request free info







the property signage experts impressive earning potential, massive customer-base and low overheads… could the countrywide signs franchise opportunity be the…




 request free info







welcome to squosh it, the award winning future of waste management squosh compacting company pioneers the uk’s first mobile compacting…




 request free info







run your own animal transport and pet sitting franchise with animals at home! about animals at home animals at home…




 request free info







join the uk's first & only pool & spa installation and servicing franchise! ever wanted to own your own business…




 request free info







our origin founded in taichung feng chia in 2004 , adhering to the management philosophy of “ esteem , service,…




 request free info




top franchises for sale in the usa
franchise directory
franchiseek was established in 1999 and is a franchise directory containing the best franchises for sale in the usa. our franchise directory lists hundreds of the best franchises for sale including the latest usa franchise opportunities available. to find franchises for sale use the simple search bar, select the type of franchise opportunity & investment level or simply browse all franchises for sale by state.
franchising is a great way to grow a business or start up your own business. franchise businesses are usually based on an already proven business model so usually enjoy a much higher success rate than starting up a business on your own. franchises invest heavily in training & support, to ensure their business models are successful, thus growing a strong brand. this makes franchising a great way to change career direction, retrain & work within an industry you have always aspired to work within. enjoy browsing our top franchises for sale & good luck with your franchising journey!  


new franchises









la dounteria franchise
view franchise 






chop wok express franchise
view franchise 










squosh it franchise
view franchise 










puncturesafe franchise
view franchise 








franchise opportunities by industry



						automotive franchises 3




						best franchises 0




						business advisory franchises 3




						care franchises 0






						catering franchises 4




						children franchises 4




						cleaning franchises 2




						coffee shop franchises 3






						courier franchises 1




						education franchises 2




						financial franchises 0




						franchise resales 0






						gardening franchises 0




						health and beauty franchises 0




						health and fitness franchises 0




						home based franchises 16






						home improvement franchises 4




						hotel franchises 0




						internet franchises 1




						low cost franchises 9






						management franchises 7




						master franchises 0




						merchandising franchises 1




						pet related franchises 1






						plumbing franchises 1




						property franchises 4




						recession proof franchises 1




						retail franchises 3






						services franchises 7




						sports franchises 1




						top franchises 3




						travel franchises 3






						van based franchises 7







what is franchising?
franchising provides a means of owning and running a business for yourself, but not by yourself. a franchise is an agreement between two parties; the franchisor and franchisee.
the franchisor provides trade mark or trade name of an established business model along with details of business operations, and a franchisee is someone who pays an initial investment, sometimes in conjunction with ongoing fees, which provides them with a license to trade under those trade marks or trade names and run an established business.
business format franchising is the type most identifiable to the average person. in a business format franchise relationship, the franchisor provides to the franchisee not just its trade name, products and services but an entire system for operating the business. the franchisee generally receives site selection and development support, operating manuals, training, brand standards, quality control, a marketing strategy and business advisory support from the franchisor.
there are a huge range of franchises for sale on the franchiseek franchise directory, from catering franchises, automotive franchises and cleaning franchises to pet related franchises and plumbing. you’re sure to find your ideal franchise at franchiseek usa franchise directory.
why buy franchise opportunities?
simply put, when buying a franchise opportunity, you’re buying a proven business model. unlike starting up your own business from scratch, a franchisor has already created the business trademark and brand name, with all past mistakes identified and resolved.
the franchisor may have replicated that franchise opportunity business across multiple territories already with other franchisees all following in the franchisor’s successful footsteps.
this is why franchises generally have a better success rate when compared to business startups. in fact, many leading experts and franchise associations claim franchise business start-up success rates are over 95%, far greater than when you set-up a business on your own.
when buying a franchise for sale, you’ll often receive everything you need to get a good start. after all, your success is the franchisor’s success. the franchisor will want you to be successful because you’re trading under their brand name and they want you to build a successful business that will have a good impact on them, and any other franchisees that work with their franchise brand.
get started today, browse the best franchise opportunities and businesses for sale in the usa using our directory and find your ideal franchise with franchiseek.








you have 0 pending request
request free info








franchiseek is a global franchise directory of top franchise opportunities for sale including master franchise opportunities and international franchises for sale. established in 1999 our extensive franchise directory of the best franchises for sale provides information on many different types of franchise business available. 

franchiseek helps promote global franchising and franchising news and franchise events can be viewed to keep you upto date with the latest trending franchises and top franchises available.


find you ideal franchise opportunity today with franchiseek
 


 


about us

about franchiseek
international franchise opportunities
master franchise opportunities
faq’s
 

support

contact us
cookie policy
privacy policy
sitemap
 

contact us

contact us
 






copyright © 2025, franchiseek international




























