miami hotels: find miami hotel information and read reviews by hotelguide
homeaboutcontactmiami hotels - homepageespañolmobile versionlist your hotel group hotel rates web directory add url metroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > miami homepagemiami hotelshotel posts“retreat overview”“the royal palm, miami-south beach boasts an enviable location on collins avenue, just nor…”posted by: the royal palm, miami-south beach“voted one of the best kendall hotels”“voted one of the best kendall hotels for business and leisure travelers. our location is …”posted by: best western plus kendall hotel“a new standard of style”“casa moderna hotel & spa, formerly tempo miami hotel, is an ultra-modern hotel in downtow…”posted by: casa moderna miami hotel & spahotels may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“anonymous”non-member, reader - “this is pure garbage, do not recommend it to anyone, not do…”said about: deauville beach resort“terrible!!!!!!”non-member, reader - “a horrible experience in the slums of miami!! this hotel sh…”said about: ocean surf hotel“are you sure?”billy , kansas city - “not sure if this is the best choice to make in miami.     …”said about: the casablanca on the oceanreaders are welcome to share opinions.by location » by name » hotel events »(try keywords "hotel with a pool" or a zip code)
welcome to hotelguide.networks' directory of hotels and hotel reviews for miami, florida!

balmy, sub-tropical miami beckons visitors as a cosmopolitan
mecca of cultures from all over the world, with a decidedly latin
allure! entertainment and cultural 
events 
abound along with some of the world's best 
shopping and 
dining for every 
taste and budget.

in addition to a full range of convention hotels in the downtown area, and lodging of all types available in every miami neighborhood and surrounding community, oceanfront lodging options to fit any budget are also available in miami beach along collins avenue (a1a), from the world-famous luxury highrise hotels in the north to the smaller historic art deco hotels and condos heading south, ending in the contemporary nightlife venues and resorts of south beach.

also, if you're looking for hotels and attractions outside of perennial favorites like south beach and coral gables you can look to the rapidly growing areas of the design district, miami midtown, brickell and doral.

we have organized our listings of miami's local hotel accommodations into several geographic areas and alphabetically. you can begin browsing for hotels in the greater miami area by selecting one of the links shown below. 
to see a map of miami and the surrounding area, click here.



browse hotels by location:
·miami beach
hotels in miami beach, across biscayne bay from the mainland. this area includes bal harbour and surfside.

·miami airport
hotels near miami international airport (mia) and miami springs.

·downtown miami
hotel options in the heart of the city including the bustling brickell area, just south of downtown miami. 

·coconut grove - key biscayne
hotels in coconut grove and across biscayne bay at key biscayne, near the miami seaquarium and crandon park. 

·coral gables
hotel options in the upscale community of coral gables, including the area around the university of miami. 

·south miami - dade
hotel options in the areas of kendall, kendall lakes, killian drive and richmond heights. 

·northeast miami - dade
hotel options in northeast miami - dade, including aventura, just south of hallandale and broward county. 

·south beach - sobeart deco district. the extreme southern tip of miami beach is home to stylish hotels and the world-famous ocean drive. 

·north - northwest miami - dade
hotels in hialeah, hialeah gardens, miami lakes, palm springs north, carol city and opa-locka. 

·fort lauderdale metro
hotels north of miami - dade county, in the communities of broward county. 

browse hotels by name:abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
you can return to the hotelguide miami home page at any time by pressing on the "hotelguide" button in the left margin of the page.
area facts: miami - dade county offers an inventory of over 49,000 hotel rooms. the primary 
telephone area code is 305; because of the miami area's heavy growth, a newer overlay area code, 786, 
has been added.
« top of pageevents at miami hotelsanimate! miami three days of anime, animation, video & tabletop gaming, cosplay and more… trade show doubletree by hilton miami airport & convention center (miami international merchandise mart)fri 2/14/25 animate! miami three days of anime, animation, video & tabletop gaming, cosplay and more… trade show doubletree by hilton miami airport & convention center (miami international merchandise mart)sat 2/15/25 animate! miami three days of anime, animation, video & tabletop gaming, cosplay and more… trade show doubletree by hilton miami airport & convention center (miami international merchandise mart)sun 2/16/25 clevelander idol rock out with their live karaoke band for a chance to win a $100 bar tab. band starts at 9pm and fir… nightlife - karaoke clevelander hotelevery mon noche caliente featuring samba, salsa and capoeira and with live performances and a free salsa class… nightlife - theme night clevelander hoteldaily  showgirls ladies night come see a burlesque show and enjoy premium drink specials from 7pm - 1am… nightlife - ladies night clevelander hotelevery thu « top of pageadjacent links:florida keys hotelsfort lauderdale hotelsrelated links:hotel website directorydaytona beach hotelsfort myers hotelsgainesville hotelsjacksonville hotelsnaples hotelsorlando hotelspalm beaches hotelspanama city beach hotelspensacola hotelssarasota hotelsspace coast hotelstallahassee hotelstampa hotelstreasure coast hotelsother links:smart highway daynational metaverse dayfreeport hotelslos angeles hotelsnassau hotelsnew york hotels rio de janeiro hotelsother versions:miami guía de hotelesmetroguide.network > hotelguide > north america > miami homepage« top of page | sitemap 
© 1996-2025, metroguide.com all rights reserved.privacy policy | terms and conditionsto list your hotel with the miami hotelguide service: click here.to contact hotelguide: click here.hotelguide and hotelguide miami are service marks of metroguide.com, inc. hotelguide network is a registered service mark of metroguide.com, inc. all other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. metroguide.com, inc. does not own or operate hotel properties. metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidenightguidehotelguidecruiseguideattractionguideportofcall more locations...full map
miami hotels:our readers'5 smile favorites66 resortmiami hotels:our readers'3 smile favoritestrump international beach resortquality inn south-kendalldoubletree by hilton miami airport & convention centernewport beachside resortthe hotel of south beachdays inn art deco miami beachessex house hotelclevelander hotella quinta inn miami cutler ridgeholiday inn miami international airport hotelkent hotel miami beachhotel impalacardozo hotelcavalier hotelhotels by featurenon-smoking hotelwifipet-friendlymeeting facilitygay-friendlyswimming poolfitness centerin-room safelarge hotelsmall hotel





