
fine-tuning your life













 


that vibrant   

 dream lifestyle







by  way of breakthrough  discoveries in brain 
      science &  psychology 


 



 



capture your dream

cutting loose:from rat race to dream 
      lifestyles 





links


 profile summariesmeet the 
      author 








upcoming 
                  book


rate your locationgreat 
                  places to live  








network


verist writers network










fine-tuning your life




dear reader, 
no mater how well our lives may be going, too often we put up with dissatisfactions that irritate, annoy or even exasperate us. there are usually some aspects about ourselves that get in the way of us fully enjoying our lives.       
yes, i know, you have tried to change--but more than likely it didn't last.       
well, you are about to learn the techniques for fine-tuning your life that work effectively--and without the struggle. but before we go there, if you want to evaluate your life, click rate your life.  or click chapter summary
       
to understand how your brain and mind really function in tandem on the operational, practical level you will need to read the first 12 chapters of unlock the life you want book, which you can obtain by adding to the cart below.        
however, if you decide that your life needs a major overhaul rather than just a fine-tuning, read further: part iv - revitalizing your life, part v – getting unstuck, and part vi- your dream. (chapters 13 through 24)
       finally, if you need a crash course to discover and implement your dream, 
click crash course. 
       should you have questions or success and  failure stories, please email them to me at al@unlockyourlife.com. 
al louis ripskis
author/lifestyle expert/score counselor  
copyright 
            © 2010 al louis ripskis all rights reserved
cutting loose (1996) and the manual unlock the life you want (2001) are the self-explanatory workbooks i’ve been using in counseling people for fine-tuning or transitioning into more fulfilling lifestyles and capturing their dreams. to order one or both titles, add to cart. 




book titles
cutting loose - from rat race to dream lifestyles 
unlock the life you want 
 














the 
                  manual

unlock your 
                  lifemanual for transforming your life





links


overviewchapter summary
meet the author
  








web 
                              column


ask lifestyle expert


