










kalilily time | just an old lady talking to herself	























































skip to primary contentskip to secondary content


kalilily time
just an old lady talking to herself


 

search




main menu
home
who
why
 





post navigation
← older posts




lies vs facts

posted on february 17, 2025  by  elaine 

reply 


here are some interesting facts i gleaned from the february 15th issue of “letters from an american.”
— americans think the u.s. spends too much on foreign aid because they think it spends about 25% of the federal budget on such aid while they say it should only spend about 10%. in fact, it spends only about 1% on foreign aid
— …while right-wing leaders insist that the government is bloated, in fact, as elaine kamarck of the brookings institution noted last month, the u.s. population has grown by about 68% in the last 50 years while the size of the federal government’s workforce has actually shrunk.
— ..federal spending has expanded by five times as the u.s. has turned both to technology and to federal contractors, who outnumber federal workers by more than two to one.
— …only about 29% of americans wanted to see the elimination of a large number of federal jobs, with 40% opposed (29% had no opinion). instead, 67% of adults believed the u.s. is spending too little on social security, 65% thought it was spending too little on education, 62% thought there is too little aid for the poor, 61% thought there is too little spending on medicare, and 55% thought there is too little spending on medicaid. fifty-one percent thought the u.s. should spend more on border security.
— now maga voters are now discovering that much of what billionaire elon musk is cutting as “waste, fraud, and corruption” is programs that benefit them, often more than they benefit democratic-dominated states.
–[the education] department provides grants for schools in low-income communities as well as money for educating students with special needs: eight of the ten states receiving the most federal money for their k–12 schools are dominated by republicans.
— …the republican-dominated house budget committee presented its budget proposal to the house. it calls for adding $4.5 trillion to the budget deficit in order to extend trump’s 2017 tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations. it also calls for $1.5 trillion in spending cuts, including cuts to medicare, medicaid, and supplemental nutrition programs.
— a january ap/norc poll found that only 12% of u.s. adults thought it would be good for billionaires to advise presidents, while 60% thought it would be bad.



posted in lies vs facts, politics 
 | 
leave a reply




low empathy: the root of all evil

posted on february 3, 2025  by  elaine 

3 


(republished from may 28, 2014)

i am obsessed with the conviction that our human race is devolving because we are losing our capacity for empathy. and i am not alone in believing that is the root of all of the evil in this world.
on the other hand, there is increasing research that is proving how other mammalian species are actually evolving in their capacity to feel and demonstrate empathy.  all you have to do is do an online search for “animal empathy,” and you can spend the rest of the day being amazed and gratified at the increasingly widespread “humane” behaviors of our non-human brothers and sisters.  (do an online search for any of the areas of human violence in the world today – shootings, rapes, war zones…. — and you will spend the rest of the day, perhaps, starting to believe as i do.)
the tendency for humans seems to be violent.  an online search for “human violence” will provide support for that assertion.
but it’s really more complicated – and overwhelming – than most folks are willing to admit.
individual research projects are showing that there are complex connections among the healthy functioning of the brain’s “empathy spot,” the levels of the aggression hormone testosterone, the harmful psychological (and, perhaps neural) effects of violent sports/games/language, and this crisis of morality that is plaguing our species.
after spending the past few days searching online for perspectives on this issue, the best piece i have been able to find (although there are others) is “why a lack of empathy is the root of all evil,” by psychologist simon baron cohen, who offers this general definition:
empathy is our ability to identify what someone else is thinking or feeling, and to respond to their thoughts and feelings with an appropriate emotion,” writes baron-cohen. people who lack empathy see others as mere objects.
and so we have rampant misogyny, bigotry, border disputes, extreme nationalism, racism,war, violence of all kinds.
what is fascinating to me is that the home of “empathy” seems to be in the brain itself. scientific research has identified an area of the brain associated with empathy – the anterior insular cortex.
in other words, patients with anterior insular lesions had a hard time evaluating the emotional state of people in pain and feeling empathy for them, compared to the controls and the patients with anterior cingulate cortex lesions,” said the researchers. 
this area of the brain that has been proven to be affected by a variety of variables, including testosterone levels and exposure to violent media.
one of baron-cohen’s longitudinal studies – which began 10 years ago – found that the more testosterone a foetus generates in the womb, the less empathy the child will have post- natally. in other words, there is a negative correlation between testosterone and empathy. it would appear the sex hormone is somehow involved in shaping the “empathy circuits” of the developing brain.
given that testosterone is found in higher quantities in men than women, it may come as no surprise that men score lower on empathy than women. so there is a clear hormonal link to empathy. another biological factor is genetics. recent research by baron-cohen and colleagues found four genes associated with empathy – one sex steroid gene, one gene related to social-emotional behaviour and two associated with neural growth.
contrary to what gamer developers would like us to believe, ongoing research is tending to prove that areas of the brain associated with empathy are being affected by constant exposure to violent video and other games.
new preliminary findings suggest that brain activation is altered in normal youths with significant past violent media exposure while viewing violent video games. 
the reasons for our devolution are obviously complicated and involve some combination of nature and nurture and the opposite of nurture.  as a culture and society, we seem to be intent on denying how we actually are encouraging a diminishment of empathy in favor of greed, selfish amorality, and vested interests — whether they be political, religious, economic, or national.
of course, it’s easier to deny – from climate change to chemical food contamination, to promoting and glorifying violence – than it is to tackle the daunting job of trying to undo what we have done.  but if we don’t, we will be a dead species before long.  we will destroy ourselves from the simple lack of empathy.
i am hoping that some less corporate-manipulated and more holistic researchers will be able to bring together all of the factors that are pushing our species over the precipice of widespread violence and come up with a convincing argument for the necessity to put the brakes on across the board.  coming up with a plan after that is maybe more than government is capable of now.  but if we don’t….
having been a fan of speculative fiction my whole life and witnessing the manifestations of many of those “fictional” speculations, i don’t hold much hope.



posted in change, chaos, culture, empathy, high testosterone/low empathy, politics, root of all evil 
 | 
3 replies




the courage of real journalism: it is not entertainment

posted on january 14, 2025  by  elaine 

reply 


from cleantechnica.com:
courage has a way of empowering others to also stand up and say “enough!” this week, two other long-time washington post journalism professionals — jennifer rubin and norm eisen — also resigned from the post to form their own independent journalism channel, the contrarian. the irony here is that rubin is known as a conservative voice. if she is horrified by what conservatism has become under the influence of magalomaniacs, perhaps the rest of us should be concerned as well.
in her introductory post, rubin wrote,
corporate and billionaire owners of major media outlets have betrayed their audiences’ loyalty and sabotaged journalism’s sacred mission — defending, protecting and advancing democracy. the washington post’s billionaire owner and enlisted management are among the offenders. they have undercut the values central to the post’s mission and that of all journalism: integrity, courage, and independence. i cannot justify remaining at the post. jeff bezos and his fellow billionaires accommodate and enable the most acute threat to american democracy — donald trump — at a time when a vibrant free press is more essential than ever to our democracy’s survival and capacity to thrive.
the decay and compromised principles of corporate and billionaire-owned media underscore the urgent need for alternatives. americans are eager for innovative and independent journalism that offers lively, unflinching coverage free from cant, conflicts of interest and moral equivocation. which is why i am so thrilled to simultaneously announce this new outlet, the contrarian: not owned by anybody.
also, ann telnaes, who was a political cartoonist for the washington post for 16 years, had one of her cartoons rejected recently; she decided enough was enough. she quit to pursue her own idea of what journalism should look like by creating her own media channel on substack. as she explained in her first post:
the cartoon that was killed criticizes the billionaire tech and media chief executives who have been doing their best to curry favor with incoming president-elect trump. there have been multiple articles recently about these men with lucrative government contracts and an interest in eliminating regulations making their way to mar-a-lago. the group in the cartoon included mark zuckerberg/facebook & meta founder and ceo, sam altman/ai ceo, patrick soon-shiong/la times publisher, the walt disney company/abc news, and jeff bezos/washington post owner.
msnbc is stepping up to the plate, as well, putting rachel maddow back on with a daily show for the first 100 days of the trump tenure.



posted in journalism, journalism is not entertainment, politics, staff leaves washington post 
 | 
leave a reply




a genre-blending movie

posted on january 12, 2025  by  elaine 

reply 


i don’t usually pay attention to programs like the golden globe awards, but this year i did, looking for something good to stream.  i had already watched most of the nominees, but there was one film i never heard of that won four of its 10 golden globe nominations:  emilia perez.
in all of the reviews i have read, none mention what is my perception of this remarkable films.  i see it as a blending of greek tragedy with motifs from opera, musicals, and telenovela. (the language of the film switches between spanish and english, with subtitles for the spanish.)
much of the choral singing reflects the role of the chorus in greek tragedies.  the main character is very much the tragic protagonist who is finally undone by his own hubris.
the musical numbers are captivating, and zoe saldana shines in those and every scene she is in.
it is an ambitious film, with excellent acting, and the added interest of a trans woman actually playing a trans woman.
it is the most creative film i’ve ever seen on television.



posted in emilia perez 
 | 
leave a reply




hecuba should have cried “enough”!

posted on january 1, 2025  by  elaine 

3 


another oldie but goodie, from 2002.  maybe even more relevant today.
tonight i watched the film version of euripedes’ trojan women that featured katherine hepburn as hecuba, queen of troy, who was given no choice but to watch while her city, her countrymen and women, and her family were ravaged by men of great ego and little else. they took everything from her that they could — her birthright, her identity, her freedom. but what they couldn’t take from her was her voice.
i watched the film with a group of women called together by my therapist friend in ritualized support of one of those woman — an american nurse suffering from post traumatic stress disorder as result of her experiences in viet nam. we were there to help her give voice to her painful memories, to rage and cry out and vocalize whatever was staying stuck so painfully in the deep wounds of her soul. (ritual, art, drama, healing: the legacy of asclepius.)
enough! we wanted hecuba to finally cry enough! we wanted the trojan women to all finally cry enough! but they didn’t, and so we all cried enough for all the times we didn’t — for all of the times that men and women of conscience do not cry enough loud enough for all of the times that men of great ego and nothing else continue to repeat and repeat, over and over again, the very same tragic scenario that euripides so eloquently and dramatically and ritualistically unfolded all of those centuries ago. when will it be enough?
in the middle east men of great ego and little else ravage and destroy what they cannot possess. in our very own america, men of great ego and little else take away everything from us that they can — expect us to watch and endure, like hecuba. we are all hecuba, watching, enduring, while men of great ego and little else ravage our liberties, our identities, the very planet that sustains us.
where are our voices crying enough! enough! enough!



posted in euripides, hecuba, politics, war 
 | 
3 replies




happy belated blogversary to me.

posted on december 30, 2024  by  elaine 

6 


as of this past november 29, have been blogging here for 23 years.  i take breaks because i often these days i have nothing to say.  i’ve been looking over some of my old posts, when i did have something to say.  here is one of my favorites, posted in 2006, before i moved to massachusetts:
one for the girls
i look out my rear window and all i can see is the monstrous cab of a bright and shiny red eighteen wheeler. he’s practically crawling up my spoiler. i’m in the left lane on a two-lane stretch of the mass pike. i’m driving back from a couple of nights helping out my daughter and the day is gloriously just spring.
i’m on cruise control, two car lengths behind the car in front of me — in front of which are a couple of big delivery trucks. to the right of us are an empty car-carrier and another truck. i can’t move into the right lane. i pump my brakes, but the monster cab is so close to my rear that he probably can’t see them. we all drive along that way for a while, the trucks setting the speed, the red monster cab threatening to gobble me up.
there’s finally an opening in the right lane, and we two cars take it. the trucks take off in front of us, passing each other in some kind of bizzare tag game as they disappear into the distance.
it’s so warm that i open my sun roof, loving the freedom of the road, radio station surfing to find some music that suits my mood. i settle on country. it reminds me of my carefree adolescence hanging out with a bunch of guys who had a country western band. they taught me the only three guitar chords i know, the ones that suit just about every everly brothers tune — at least the ones that were popular during the 50s. as i continue my controlled cruising, i tap my foot to the simple rhythms of songs about old cars and lost loves and i sip at my bottle of cold starbuck’s mocha. life is good.
and then it gets better. i zoom by (just a bit over the speed limit) the big bad bright red monster eighteen wheeler, along with three of the other trucks, pulled over to the side of the road by a blue light blinking police car. i’m tempted to beep or wave out my open sunroof; i opt for discretion. then martina mcbride comes on with this one’s for the girls, and by the time she gets around to singing the chorus for the second time, i’m singing it with her:
this one’s for the girls
who’ve ever had a broken heart
who’ve wished upon a shooting star
you’re beautiful the way you are
this one’s for the girls
who love without holdin’ back
who dream with everything they have
all around the world
now both feet are tappin’. i’m dancin’ in my seat.
it’s a good day.



posted in blogging, driving, nostalgia, one for the girls 
 | 
6 replies




abyss walkers

posted on december 21, 2024  by  elaine 

reply 


there is a fraternity of us, the abyss walkers….
from “outer banks” by anne rivers siddons
there is a fraternity of us, the abyss walkers. in our eyes, the world is divided by it, made up of those who walk frail, careening rope bridges over the abysses and those who do not. we know each other. i do not think it is a concsious thing with us, this knowing, at least not most of the time, or we would flee from each other as from montsers. it is an animal thing. it is only on that wild old neck-prickling level that we meet. it is only in our eyes that we acknowledge that our twin exhalations have touched and mingled. sometimes, though not often, one of the others, the non-abyss people, will know us too. you may even know the feeling yourself; you may have met someone about whom otherness clings like miasma; you can feel it on your skin though you can’t name it. when that happens, you have me one of us. you may even be one of us, down deep and in secret. the other half of the world, the solid, golden half, the non-abyssers…they feel nothing under their feet but solidity. they inherit the earth. we inherit the wind. 



posted in abyss walkers 
 | 
leave a reply




have a chat with mit’s debunking bot.

posted on december 20, 2024  by  elaine 

1 


a team of mit researchers has made public a link to an ai bot designed to debunk conspiracy theories.
this study is investigating how humans and artificial intelligence algorithms interact. in the study, you will answer questions and have a back and forth discussion with an artificial intelligence algorithm. if you give us permission by saying yes below, we plan to discuss/publish the results in an academic forum. in any publication, information will be provided in such a way that you cannot be identified. 
you don’t necessarily have to ask it about a conspiracy theory; it will answer every question with super-intelligent logic and a thorough explanation. for example, i asked it if aliens from space visited our planet eons ago and had an effect on our evolution.  i also asked if there was an “afterlife.”   it scientifically explained both issues in detail.
go debunkbot.com to try it out.
and if you do, please leave a comment here about how it worked for you.



posted in mit's conspiracy debunking bot, science 
 | 
1 reply




after we crash and burn

posted on december 7, 2024  by  elaine 

2 


after the next four years of the crashing and burning of our democratic government, hopefully, we will be able to rebuild into a better america.  but the challenges we will be facing will be unprecedented, and i can’t begin to imagine how we will rise from those ashes.
one of the challenges was predicted in a book i read back in the late 90s, the end of work. i am re-reading it now and will share some of the ideas put forth in the book.
in the meanwhile, this is from the back of the book:
rifkin argues that we are entering a new phase in history — one characterized by the steadily and inevitable decline of jobs.  sophisticated computers, robotics telecommunications, and other information age technologies are fast replacing human beings in virtually every sector and industry.  near-workerless factories and virtual companies loom on the horizon.
while the emerging “knowledge sector” and new markets abroad will create some new jobs, they will be too few to absorb the vast numbers of workers displaced by the new technologies
rethinking the nature of work is likely to be the single most pressing concern facing society in the decades to come.
rifkin warns that the end of work could mean the demise of civilization as we have come to know it, or signal the beginning of a great social transformation and a rebirth of the human spirit.
the book does not even mention the threats of artificial intelligence, which makes his argument even more relevant.
his projections and suggestions offer hope to all of those future unemployable citizens and are especially important to those elderly, disabled and/or homeless individuals who, even today, suffer without a safety net.



posted in the end of work 
 | 
2 replies




from “letters from an american”

posted on november 22, 2024  by  elaine 

2 


historian heather cox richardson publishes an online newsletter about the history behind today’s politics, “letters from an american”. the current issue offers some details about trump’s cabinet candidates that have not been widely publicized.  i quote some of them below.  she also includes the following disturbing observation:
there are a number of ways to think about trump’s appointments. the people he has picked  have so little experience in the fields their departments handle that erin burnett of cnn suggested that he is simply choosing them from “central casting”—a favorite phrase of his—to look as he imagines such officials should. indeed, as zachary b. wolf of cnn pointed out, while president joe biden vowed to make his cabinet look like america, trump’s picks look “exactly like fox news.” trump has actually tapped a number of television hosts for different positions. 
that so many of his appointees have histories of sexual misconduct is also striking, and underlines both that they share his determination to dominate others and that they do not think rules and laws apply to them. 
but there is another pattern at work, as well. in a piece he published on november 15 in his “thinking about…” newsletter, scholar of authoritarianism timothy snyder explained that destroying a country requires undermining five key zones: “health, law, administration, defense, and intelligence.” the nominations of kennedy, gaetz, hegseth, and gabbard, as well as the tapping of billionaires elon musk and vivek ramaswamy to run the so-called department of government efficiency, or doge, to destroy the administration of the government, are, according to snyder, a “decapitation strike.” 
“imagine that you are a foreign leader who wishes to destroy the united states,” snyder writes. “how could you do so? the easiest way would be to get americans to do the work themselves, to somehow induce americans to undo their own health, law, administration, defense, and intelligence. from this perspective,” he explains, “trump’s proposed appointments—kennedy, jr.; gaetz; musk; ramaswamy; hegseth; gabbard—are perfect instruments.  they combine narcissism, incompetence, corruption, sexual incontinence, personal vulnerability, dangerous convictions, and foreign influence as no group before them has done.”
pete hegseth: according to heath druzin of the idaho capital sun, hegseth has close ties to an idaho christian nationalist church that wants to turn the united states into a theocracy. jonathan chait of the atlantic did a deep dive into hegseth’s recent books and concluded that hegseth “considers himself to be at war with basically everybody to trump’s left, and it is by no means clear that he means war metaphorically.” hegseth’s books suggest he thinks that everything that does not support the maga worldview is “marxist,” including voters choosing democrats at the voting booth. he calls for the “categorical defeat of the left” and says that without its “utter annihilation,” “america cannot, and will not, survive.”  
linda mcmahon: she once incorrectly claimed to have a bachelor’s degree in education when she was trying to get a seat on the connecticut board of education and is known primarily for her work building world wrestling entertainment. and she, too, has been entangled in a sex abuse scandal. in october, five men filed a lawsuit claiming that she and her husband, vince mcmahon, were aware that former ringside announcer melvin phillips was assaulting “ring boys” who were as young as 13.
tulsi gabbard: nichols notes that her constant parroting of russian talking points and her cozying up to syrian dictator bashar al-assad make her “a walking christmas tree of warning lights” for our national security.  former republican governor of south carolina nikki haley suggested that gabbard is “a russian, iranian, syrian, chinese sympathizer” who has no place at the head of american intelligence. a russian state media presenter refers to gabbard as “our girlfriend” and as a russian agent.
pam bondi: in march 2016, citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington (crew) found that the trump foundation illegally donated $25,000 to support bondi at a time when she was considering joining a lawsuit against trump university. her office ultimately decided not to join the lawsuit. bondi defended trump in his first impeachment trial, during which she was a frequent guest on the fox news channel. she supported trump’s campaign to insist—falsely—that he won the 2020 presidential election. she is also a registered lobbyist for qatar.
to read the  complete issue of this newsletter go here.  to subscribe to the newsletter, either free or paid, go here.



posted in heather fox richardson, letters from an american, politics, trump's disgraceful cabinet 
 | 
2 replies



post navigation
← older posts





 when i talk to myselfi tell the truth
blogging continuously
since november 25, 2001.
where it all began: kalilily time on blogger
the writing in this weblog is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noderivatives 4.0 international license.

 

february 2025


s
m
t
w
t
f
s




 1


2345678


9101112131415


16171819202122


232425262728
 



« jan
 
 
 

categoriescategories
select category
“happy pill”  (1)
“nearing ninety”  (1)
“turning; the magic and mystery of more days”  (1)
“unexpectedly eighty”  (1)
5 second rule  (1)
abilify  (4)
abyss walkers  (1)
affordable housing  (1)
african drumming  (1)
aging  (168)
aging in place  (2)
an old flame  (1)
animals and pets  (50)
aros  (27)
art  (22)
ashi  (1)
assisted living  (4)
attorney generals’ power  (1)
autism  (1)
better housing for seniors  (4)
bitching  (59)
black lives matter  (1)
blogging  (73)
blogs are back  (1)
boobs  (1)
books  (48)
caregiving  (88)
catastrophes  (16)
change  (12)
chaos  (11)
chronic fatigue syndrome  (1)
chronic insomnia  (9)
circadian rhyithm disorder  (5)
clothes  (14)
commitment ring  (1)
community  (3)
conspiracy theories  (18)
contests  (4)
country sizes  (1)
covid-19  (5)
crafts  (30)
creations  (16)
creativity  (156)
crochet  (17)
culture  (158)
dance  (18)
dancing  (1)
dancing in the “zone”  (1)
death and dying  (64)
death and dyring  (1)
delayed sleep phase syndrome  (15)
dementia  (55)
depression  (59)
diverse population  (1)
don’t look up  (1)
don’t tell me  (1)
don’t wash poultry and mean  (1)
dooce  (1)
dopamine  (1)
dreaming of dead people  (1)
dreams  (28)
driving  (1)
dsps  (2)
economy  (59)
education  (57)
elder wisdom  (28)
elders in crisis  (1)
emilia perez  (1)
emmys  (1)
empathy  (13)
euripides  (1)
fadebook  (1)
family  (238)
family feuds  (1)
family fun  (40)
fantasies  (21)
feminism  (51)
finding my tribe  (1)
food  (23)
founding fathers and religion  (1)
friends  (31)
fuck the election  (1)
fun fashions  (9)
gaming  (2)
gardening  (43)
gaza  (2)
genocide  (2)
getting older  (55)
granny weatherwax  (1)
grieving the 2024 election  (1)
guest blogger  (18)
gun violence  (3)
ha ha  (19)
haibun  (1)
health  (125)
heather fox richardson  (1)
hecate  (1)
hecuba  (1)
heritage  (11)
high testosterone/low empathy  (1)
history  (11)
holiday  (29)
house plants  (1)
ides of trump  (4)
indivisible movement  (2)
infowars  (1)
insomnia  (4)
intergenerational living for elders  (1)
israel  (1)
israel at war  (2)
israeli apartheid  (1)
it’s a good day  (3)
janes fonda’s third act  (2)
john robert powers charm school  (1)
journalism  (1)
journalism is not entertainment  (1)
judaism vs zionism  (1)
judith viorst  (1)
jungian therapy  (2)
kakistocracy  (1)
ketamine therapy  (1)
knitting  (26)
labyrinths  (1)
language  (20)
late diagnosed autism  (1)
law enforcement  (1)
leaping into elderhood  (1)
learning  (22)
leaving a legacy  (3)
letters from an american  (1)
lies vs facts  (1)
loss  (74)
love at 83  (2)
love story for the aged  (1)
love story for the oldest generation  (1)
magpie tales  (35)
major depressive disorder  (9)
medical marijuana  (15)
mediocre autistic  (3)
men  (29)
metaphors  (35)
mit’s conspiracy debunking bot  (1)
movie pitch  (1)
movies  (12)
mrs. maisel  (1)
music  (15)
my secular america  (1)
myrln  (33)
myth and magic  (46)
naprowrimo  (7)
nightmares  (1)
nine hammett  (1)
non-belief  (32)
nostalgia  (94)
not my president  (10)
one for the girls  (1)
origins of american constitution  (1)
pains of aging  (1)
palestine  (1)
parking lots  (1)
pbs vegetable soup  (1)
personal idiocies  (76)
personal idocies  (8)
petition for senior housing  (2)
photography  (40)
poetry  (139)
politics  (138)
psychiatry  (3)
ptsd  (1)
pussyhat project  (2)
queen of bohemia  (1)
realistic disaster movie  (1)
reheating lefovers  (1)
religion  (50)
ritual  (6)
rituals  (4)
river of stones  (24)
root of all evil  (1)
science  (29)
secular humanism  (7)
serotonin  (1)
shopping  (24)
sleep clinics  (2)
soul loss  (1)
spring  (7)
st. anthony  (1)
staff leaves washington post  (1)
starting a movement  (1)
strange world  (44)
survival is not enough.  (1)
talkiatry  (1)
technology  (38)
teenagers  (1)
television  (25)
the end of work  (1)
the insanity of war  (1)
the onion  (1)
the resistance  (7)
the welfare of the community  (1)
the yippies  (1)
trump’s disgraceful cabinet  (1)
tv watching  (1)
uncategorized  (1,550)
vanity  (25)
vincent d’onorfrio  (1)
vivid dreams  (2)
volunteering  (4)
w.i.t.  (1)
w.i.t.c.h.  (1)
war  (2)
watchdogs against trump  (1)
welfare  (1)
winter  (6)
wise women rant  (3)
wiser than me  (1)
witches  (1)
women friends  (18)
women’s groups  (1)
women’s rights  (1)
writing  (62)
yarn  (4)
zelda fitzgerald  (1)
zionism  (1)


subscribe via email


enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.



							email address						







 
							subscribe						



					join 48 other subscribers				

 




 
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				




platinum wp seo by techblissonline.com









