






rotary club of bainbridge island | people of action




























































about us

about our club
fundraising
scholarship foundation
board members and chairs
club history

club leadership


district club meetings
contact us
club news
video


how we serve

large grant (huney)

large grants (huney) committee grant guidelines
history of awarded large grants


community grants

grant awards


scholarships

community service scholarship
murdock construction and engineering scholarships
scholarship history


world community service
emergency preparedness
youth grants


membership

joining rotary
sign up for our newsletter
calendar


auction & rummage sale
donate
















followfollow






search for:










 















together, webuild community










together, wetransform










together, weinspire










together, wesave lives










 
 
 










the rotary club of bainbridge island’s mission is to provide service to others, promote integrity, and advance local community and worldunderstanding, goodwill, and peace through a fellowship of business, professional, and community leaders.
our focus is on schools, parks, cultural activities, events, and local non-profits. for decades, our club has been donating time, money, and expertise to our island community and beyond. our meetings provide a forum for business, civic and academia leaders, and our fellowship events are fun!
the best way to learn more about our club and the work we do, is to experience it firsthand!







rotary meetings – visitors are welcome!
our club meets every monday, except on holidays. the meetings are either at lunch (noon) or dinner (6pm) at bainbridge island rowing, 281 brien dr se, bainbridge island, wa 98110.
occasionally, we hold a monday meeting at a different and unique venue on our beautiful island. view our club calendar here for times and locations. many of our meetings also include a zoom option. sign up for our newsletter to stay up-to-date on club activity.







about the bainbridge island rotary club
established in 1947, the rotary club of bainbridge island is the largest, most active, and well-known service organization in the community. we are a leadership organization doing service work. our club offers opportunities for our members – and those interested in making a difference – to get involved. through meetings, social events, and volunteer projects, our members learn about the issues facing our community and communities all over the world, partnering with local, national, and global experts to exchange ideas about potential solutions and to draw up action plans to respond. along with these opportunities to serve, members also are able to regularly network, resulting in lifelong friendships and business connections.
diversity & inclusion
having a diverse and inclusive rotary club means we value and welcome individuals of all ages, cultures, ethnicity, and races to our club. we invite younger people, women, and minorities who support rotary’s values, ideals, and mission to join our members in service to our community, and we strive to give all members equal opportunities to serve as leaders within our club.
learn more about us
get involved
attend a meeting
are you interested in attending an upcoming meeting? whether you just want to learn more about rotary, or speak to our club members, we’d love to have you visit!
contact us to set up a visit
join rotary
club activities, social events, and volunteer projects offer networking opportunities that build personal and professional connections.
get involved with rotary

read a recent newsletter











what is rotary international?
rotary is a global network of more than 1.4 million members who believe that great things happen when dedicated minds come together. we are community and business leaders representing different professions, experiences, and perspectives but with a shared desire to connect with others to address the challenges affecting our community and communities around the world.
learn more about rotary international.



 










rotary club of bainbridge island221 winslow way west #302bainbridge island, wa 98110



followfollow







club links:  dacdb  |  district 5020  |  my rotary



developed and hosted by: dacdb





copyright 2025. all rights reserved.




 























