












german studies | vassar college
















      skip to main content
    








vassar
vassar college



search



search button






open search






close search








close menu  





actions


apply


visit


give




roles


fearlessly consequential


students


families


 alums


employees





main navigation


about


academics


admission


campus life


athletics


arts


sustainability


news

























 german studies









home


courses and requirements


faculty


academic resources


history


contact













the department of german studies offers an integrated and holistic approach to the study of language, literature, and culture.
this approach embodies vassar’s liberal arts principle of “going to the source” by engaging with primary documents and by exploring the fundamental debates and processes that have shaped german culture and its relationship to the contemporary world.


die worte des dichters sind taten.
—sigmund freud (1856-1939), östr. psychiater u. neurologe, begr. d. psychoanalyse







about the department
studying german has a long and impressive history at vassar dating back to the college’s first year, 1865. today, the department of german studies continues that tradition by offering an integrated approach to the study of language, literature, and culture. in particular, our courses offer intellectual engagement at all levels of the curriculum, from beginning german to senior seminars featuring interdisciplinary approaches that go beyond grammar exercises and the study of literature.
our majors graduate with the language, writing, intercultural, and critical thinking skills that help them find successful careers and lead an enriching life. every year, several of our graduating seniors receive fulbrights and other prestigious scholarships to teach english or pursue their own independent research projects in germany. many of our alumni use their knowledge of german in careers as varied as law, banking, the arts, publishing, and museum work, and a number of them have established successful careers in germany. several have also entered graduate programs in business, law, and medicine, as well as academic disciplines such as education, sociology, political science, and german studies.





orientation videos



 

introduction





introduction


×










 

how to place yourself in a german course at vassar college





how to place yourself in a german course at vassar college


×










 

beginning german





beginning german


×










 

study abroad in germany or austria





study abroad in germany or austria


×










 

the berlin consortium for german studies (bcgs)





the berlin consortium for german studies (bcgs)


×























 go to top of page










vassar




 124 raymond avenue, poughkeepsie, new york 12604






about


academics


admission


campus life


the vassar institute for the liberal arts






 instagram



 facebook



 linkedin



 youtube



 tiktok



 x



 threads



 flickr



 social media directory



 campus calendar








 


learn more about our comprehensive campaign →







annual security and fire safety report


title ix



© 2025 vassar college












