




































kitty coleman woodland gardens







kitty coleman
	woodland gardens






toggle navigation




home





about 

about us
testimonials
links
news
media


gallery

what's happening 

calendar
art shows


visitors
contact









welcome to 


ocean stone labyrinth

                    kitty coleman
                

woodland gardens is a feast for the senses. nature's healing powers contained in this serene beauty bring a calmness and tranquility to the soul.
                
view our photo gallery »






fountain

 kitty coleman woodland gardens
                    are an act of love, developed by one man in an effort to fulfill a dream to share with all.
                

                    woodland gardens, courtenay, bc has one of the largest rhododendron collections in western canada with over 3000 plantings. it is also home to a multitude of native plants, birds and wildflowers. its 24 wooded acres are covered with bark mulch paths and many water features. it is recognized as one of the world's finest informal show gardens.
                

                    we host two annual art shows, and our various christmas programs throughout december. the gardens are open year round. we invite you to explore our website and look forward to seeing you at the gardens.
                




canada 150 garden experience
we are the proud recipient of a ‘canada 150 garden experience’ designation, awarded by the canadian garden council in collaboration with the canadian nursery landscape association.
in celebration of canada’s sesquicentennial, 150 gardens and garden experiences across the country were jury-selected to receive the ‘canada 150 garden experience’ designation – highlighting kitty coleman woodland garden as one of 150 garden ways to celebrate canada’s birthday year.
learn more »








                        annual art and bloom at courtenay’s kitty coleman woodland gardens – a little bit of magic, a whole lot of beauty


                        one of vancouver island’s premiere events is set to go on the coming long may long weekend. the kitty coleman annual art and bloom is one of our favourite attractions, bringing together a spectacular 24-acre venue, dozens of talented artists working in many genres and a panorama of colour and visual delight courtesy of the 3,500 rhododendrons that grace the site.
                    




a new venue in the gardens for entertainment throughout the year








            kitty coleman woodland garden
            christmas events 2024
entrance fee: cash only
                daily entry fee
                $5 for everyone
                4 and under free
santa's barn & garden lights
every day, 10 am til 9 pm
dates: december 1 – january 2
            
santa's visits
december 14 til dec. 23 rd
                11am – 4pm
                take your own santa pictures

carol walks with island voices & friends

dates: december 18th & 20th
                 7 pm. start
                cash only
                $10-13 yrs and over
                $5- 5 to 12yrs
                4 under free
            
hot chocolate, hot dogs and crepes will available to purchase



        call 250-338-6901
a valley tradition for over 30 years 





give them a gift that keeps on giving all year round …
kitty coleman woodland gardens
season pass

$50.00 per person per year
internationally acclaimed 24 acre informal show gardens
the perfect tranquil escape in these times
a thoughtful & healthy christmas gift

email bzimmerman@shaw.ca or call 250-338-6901 today!










home
about us
contact us
visitors
calendar





kitty coleman woodland gardens







            copyright 2005-
            2025
            : bryan zimmerman - kitty coleman woodland gardens.all rights reserved.
            
            
            this file last modified
            march 29, 2024 

            site maintained by
            young at art studios - web services







 




