






als united ct: help & hope for the als connecticut community
































































skip to content





























who we are what we do our mission our impact financial information als connecticut leadership als united news & stories meet the staffunderstanding als what is als? who gets als? symptoms and diagnosis genetic testing for alsliving with als our care services newly diagnosed als clinics and centers support groups equipment loan program transportation program for caregivers resources for veterans emergency preparedness bereavement servicesresearch research we fund our approach clinical trialsadvocacy become an advocate public policy prioritiesget involved events walk als create a fundraiser create a tribute page volunteer sign up for our newslettergive  donate now ways to give




 




×
who we are what we do our mission our impact financial information als connecticut leadership als united news & stories meet the staffunderstanding als what is als? who gets als? symptoms and diagnosis genetic testing for alsliving with als our care services newly diagnosed als clinics and centers support groups equipment loan program transportation program for caregivers resources for veterans emergency preparedness bereavement servicesresearch research we fund our approach clinical trialsadvocacy become an advocate public policy prioritiesget involved events walk als create a fundraiser create a tribute page volunteer sign up for our newslettergive  donate now ways to give








give











search









close



 







 
























fighting for a cure and helping people with als live their lives to the fullest.









our care services









































providing help & hope to the als connecticut community





										find local support											


















newly diagnosed? start here





contact us


 



















everything we do advances the search for effective treatments and cures for als


















































als research



our research program fuels collaboration globally and locally, advancing the discovery of treatments and cures. 


										research program											


































als care services



our team of professional care managers provide expert advice and assistance for people living with als, free of charge. 


										get services											




































als advocacy



we focus on educating, advocating, and mobilizing congress in a bipartisan fashion to benefit people with als.  


										our policy priorities											

























join the fight to end als



















donate



one-time or monthly donations help us be able to provide free services to people battling als in connecticut. 
















advocate



you can help change the laws and policies that affect thousands of persons with als and their families. 
















fundraise



you can host an event to help support the als community and push towards a treatment and a cure. it's easy to get started! 


















































2024
walk als!



als united connecticut would like to thank all the patients, caregivers, families, and supporters in our als community! our walk als events in hartford, new haven, and westport were a massive success as we united together to rally, roll, and stroll to end als. although our walks have ended, donations continue until the end of the year! click below to donate! 







donate to walk als






























join a support group



support groups are a great place for people living with als and their loved ones to share their personal experiences and learn more about strategies for preserving independence and maximizing quality of life. 







find a support group




























 
































visit our facebook page





visit our twitter page





visit our youtube page





visit our instagram page





visit our linkedin page





 







als united connecticut
4 oxford road, suite e4
milford, ct 06460
phone: 203-874-5050
ein: 04-3417472
















































©2025 als united connecticut











contact usprivacy policysite map










 

scroll to top













