











nurse anesthetist (crna) guide | salary & programs 2025

























































news










































        careers
        







        careers
        








quick entry careers


                                    quick entry careers
                                    







medical assistant


cna


adn


lpn


paramedic to rn


medical assistant to rn


lpn to rn


cna to rn




nurse practitioners


                                    nurse practitioners
                                    







nurse practitioner


psychiatric nurse practitioner


aesthetic nurse practitioner


acute care nurse practitioner


family nurse practitioner


pediatric nurse practitioner


neonatal nurse practitioner


orthopedic nurse practitioner


women's health nurse practitioner


emergency nurse practitioner


adult-geronotology nurse practitioner


oncology nurse practitioner




popular specialties


                                    popular specialties
                                    







aesthetic nurse


nursing informatics


nurse case manager


nicu nurse


forensic nurse


labor and delivery nurse


psychiatric nurse


pediatric nurse


wound care nurse


travel nurse


telemetry nurse


dermatology nurse 




aprn


                                    aprn
                                    







what is an aprn? 


certified registered nurse anesthetist


certified nurse midwife 


clinical nurse specialist


nurse educator


nurse administrator


career resources


                                    career resources
                                    







highest paying nursing jobs


non-bedside nursing jobs


top online & remote nursing jobs


how to go from rn to md





view all careers








        degrees
        







        degrees
        








adn & lpn


                                    adn & lpn
                                    







associate degree in nursing guide


can you get an adn online?


top online lpn programs


bsn


                                    bsn
                                    







the best online nursing programs


easiest nursing schools to get into


no entrance exam nursing schools


what is an accelerated bsn degree?


nursing programs by state


rn-bsn


                                    rn-bsn
                                    







top 10 online rn to bsn programs


top cheap and fast online rn to bsn programs


6 month rn to bsn programs


easiest rn to bsn programs to get into


online rn to bsn programs without clinicals




msn


                                    msn
                                    







types of msn degrees


best online msn programs


cheap, fast, online msn programs


highest paying msn jobs for nurses


pros & cons to getting an msn degree


easiest online msn programs to get into


one-year accelerated online msn programs


top direct-entry msn programs


top bsn to msn online programs


top rn to msn programs


top online rn to msn programs


shortest rn to msn online programs


top nursing informatics programs


top nurse educator programs




np


                                    np
                                    







top nurse practitioner programs


top online nurse practitioner programs


affordable online nurse practitioner programs


easiest nurse practitioner programs to get into


top accelerated nurse practitioner programs


top direct-entry nurse practitioner programs


how to go from rn to np


types of nurse practitioner specialties


highest paid nurse practitioner specialties


top online family nurse practitioner programs


top acute care nurse practitioner programs


pmhnp


                                    pmhnp
                                    







top psychiatric nurse practitioner programs


top online pmhnp programs


shortest online pmhnp certificate programs


top rn to psychiatric nurse practitioner programs




dnp


                                    dnp
                                    







what is a dnp and is it worth it?


top dnp programs


top online dnp programs


top direct-entry dnp programs


top rn to dnp programs


top bsn to dnp programs


crna


                                    crna
                                    







crna schools by state


best hybrid online crna programs


crna school requirements


top crna schools in california


top crna schools in texas 





view all degrees








        salaries
        







        salaries
        








salaries by degree


                                    salaries by degree
                                    







bsn nurse salary


msn nurse salary


nurse practitioner salary




salaries by career


                                    salaries by career
                                    







nurse anesthetist salary


labor & delivery nurse salary


pediatric nurse salary


psychiatric nurse practitioner salary


neonatal nurse salary




popular salary articles


                                    popular salary articles
                                    







nurse salary guide


nurse salaries by state


nurse starting salary guide


highest paying countries for nurses


highest paying medical jobs





view all salaries








        jobs
        







        jobs
        








location


                                    location
                                    







new york


los angeles


chicago


houston


philadelphia




specialty


                                    specialty
                                    







correctional health


medical/surgical


icu


case management


cath lab




job type


                                    job type
                                    







permanent


travel





view all jobs








        resources
        







        resources
        








how to


                                    how to
                                    







arterial blood gases (abgs) explained


how to conduct a nursing head-to-toe assessment


how to draw blood: a step-by-step guide


how to read an electrocardiogram (ekg/ecg)


understanding and interpreting the glasgow coma scale


port-a-cath 101: how to access the port


test prep


                                    test prep
                                    







what is the nclex?


how to pass the nclex the first time


top nclex review courses for nurses


what is the teas exam?


how to study for the hesi


all nclex resources




nursing information


                                    nursing information
                                    







compact nursing states list


complete list of common nursing certifications


list of nursing organizations


nursing scholarships


nursing code of ethics


nursing diagnosis guide


what are nursing theories?


nursing care plans


what is a nursing concept map?


what is sbar in nursing?


what is the nursing process?


veracity in nursing explained


what does veal chop stand for in nursing?


nurse rankings & levels




nursing student


                                    nursing student
                                    







how to get into nursing school


how hard is nursing school?


how long is nursing school?


how to become a nurse with bad grades


nursing school study tips and tricks


how to pay for nursing school


how much does nursing school cost?


top student loan forgiveness programs for nurses


interviews and resumes


                                    interviews and resumes
                                    







how to handle nurse job interviews


top nursing interview questions & answers


nurse resume templates & examples


how to create a new graduate nurse resume





view all resources








        lifestyle
        







        lifestyle
        








best products for nurses


                                    best products for nurses
                                    







best shoes for nurses


best scrubs for nurses


figs scrubs review


best scrubs for curvy nurses


best scrubs for male nurses


best white shoes for nurses and nursing students


best stethoscopes for nurses and nursing students


best shoes for male nurses


best scrubs on amazon for under $25


best products for nurses




gifts for nurses


                                    gifts for nurses
                                    







best gifts for nurses


best gifts for the nursing graduate


best gifts for nursing students


best gifts for retiring nurses


​​best gifts for male nurses


discounts


                                    discounts
                                    







best discounts & deals for nurses


amazon deals for nurses




popular articles


                                    popular articles
                                    







highest paying countries for nurses


how to go from rn to md


50 best nursing quotes


how to work in the us as a foreign-educated nurse


how to display your nursing credentials


how many hours do nurses work?


best podcasts for nurses


differences between icu and er nurses


why nursing is a great career choice for men


how to set boundaries at work as a nurse





view all lifestyle








        healthcare
        







        healthcare
        








medical billing and coding


                                    medical billing and coding
                                    







top medical billing & coding schools


free medical billing and coding courses


4-week online medical billing and coding programs


medical billing and coding salary


medical assistant


                                    medical assistant
                                    







how to become a medical assistant


medical assistant to rn


4-week medical assistant programs


online medical assistant programs


how to become a medical administrative assistant




phlebotomist


                                    phlebotomist
                                    







how to become a phlebotomist


how to become a mobile phlebotomist


phlebotomist salary


best online phlebotomy training courses


pharmacy technician


                                    pharmacy technician
                                    







how to become a pharmacy technician


pharmacy technician salary


top online pharmacy technician programs 




healthcare administration


                                    healthcare administration
                                    







healthcare administration degrees


healthcare administration careers


highest paying healthcare administration jobs


popular articles


                                    popular articles
                                    







complete list of medical careers


highest paying medical jobs


how to become a sonographer


how to become an ultrasound tech


how to become a surgical tech


how to become a radiology tech


how to become an ekg technician





view all healthcare








                            news
                        


























how to become a certified registered nurse anesthetist (crna)



featured articles












best accelerated bsn (absn) programs 2025
















shortest online pmhnp certificate programs 2025
















top online nurse practitioner programs 2025












careers


                            july 31, 2024
                        
























written by: nurse.org staff











medically reviewed by:
dr. wali khan

 dnap, crna






jump to section...


if you’re a registered nurse (rn) looking for more autonomy working with patients in an operating room, intensive care unit, or surgical facility, then becoming a certified registered nurse anesthetist (crna) might be the perfect job for you.
crnas are highly respected for their work, and according to u.s. news & world report, nurse anesthetists ranked #6 in best health care job in 20241. they are also the highest-paid nurses of 2025 (the average crna salary is $214,200!) read on to find out how to become a crna, what they do, and more.





nurses helping nurses: why you can trust nurse.org
as the leading educational website for nurses by nurses, nurse.org is committed to editorial integrity and data-driven analysis. 
✔ content written by 80+ licensed, practicing nurses who are experts in their respective specialties. learn more about our nurse contributors.
✔ transparent, trusted data sources from the u.s. bureau of labor and statistics (bls), payscale, ziprecruiter, and glassdoor. learn more about our data sources.
✔ consistent article updates to ensure they are as relevant and accurate as possible, utilizing the latest data and information when it becomes available.

part one what is a nurse anesthetist (crna)? 
nurse anesthetists (crnas) are advanced practice registered nurses (aprns) who administer anesthesia and other medications.
they monitor patients receiving and recovering from anesthesia. crnas have acquired a minimum of a doctorate degree focusing on anesthesia, completed extensive clinical training, and passed a certification exam approved by the national boards of certification and recertification of nurse anesthetists (nbcrna).
crnas care for patients from all walks of life. some patients are scheduled for surgery, while others come in for emergency surgeries related to trauma or other potentially life-threatening events.






crna salary
$212,650 per year








degree requirements
dnp or dnap degree








how long to become
7-10 years






 
related: crna vs anesthesiologist: what’s the difference?
part two how to become a nurse anesthetist 
it takes about 7-10 years to become a nurse anesthetist. in order to become a crna, you'll need to meet crna school requirements, complete an accredited program, and earn your certification. you can complete these requirements using the following steps:

shadow a crna 
earn your bachelor of science in nursing – 4 years
gain icu experience – 1-3 years
gre & certifications 
recommendations and essay
interview prep
complete your crna program - 2-3 years
take and pass the national certification examination for nurse anesthetists - eligible upon graduation

let’s take a closer look at what each step entails, including tips from dr. charnelle lewis, dnp, crna. you can see her full explanation of how to become a nurse anesthetist in the video below.

1. shadow
according to dr. charnelle lewis, "becoming a crna is not for everyone." she recommends shadowing as your first step to make sure it’s something you enjoy.
2. earn your bachelor of science in nursing
you will need your bachelor’s of nursing or related bachelor’s degree as well as an rn license in order to be eligible for a crna program.
most crna programs have a minimum gpa requirement of 3.0, and acceptance is becoming increasingly competitive. 
3. gain icu experience
nurse anesthesia programs prefer candidates who have worked in the intensive critical care unit (icu) with adult patients. you should have a minimum of 1 year of experience working in an icu unit, but dr. lewis says, "the average incoming class has approximately 2.5 years of icu experience."
examples of icus you can work in are: cvicu/cticu, micu, sicu, bticu, neuro icu, picu.
dr. lewis adds that "some schools accept er, ccu, and nicu, but it is best to check with the school to be sure."
4. gre and certifications
according to dr. lewis, there are some schools that don't require the gre, but you'll need a high gpa in order to be a competitive applicant for those schools. 
the ccrn or critical care certification is generally not listed as a requirement but is preferred and will help give you an edge over other applicants. 
5. recommendations and essay
dr. lewis says that your recommendations are a crucial step in the application process. she recommends making sure you are "networking, making connections, and staying involved in your unit because you will need people to speak about your abilities and skills."
she also suggests keeping track of your accomplishments and shadow experiences. "your personal essay is key to showing the admissions committee who you are and why you are right for the program!"
6. prepare for your interview
while you're waiting to find out if you've been accepted, dr. lewis recommends using this time to prepare for your interview, "grab a copy of duke's anesthesia secrets and review your ccrn materials for the clinical portion."
7. complete your crna program
earning your degree will take between two and three years and will provide both high-level classroom work and clinical practice. most crna schools are fully in-person, but a few universities offer hybrid online crna programs for increased flexibility. students in these programs enjoy some online coursework alongside their in-person requirements.
8. pass the national certification examination for nurse anesthetists
all nurse anesthetists must pass the crna exam prior to beginning to practice. the national board of certification and recertification for nursing anesthetists (nbcrna) outlines eligibility, registration processes, exam details, and renewal procedures in its examination candidate handbook.
once you pass the exam and have become a crna, you must maintain certification, which involves recertifying every four years and taking a new test every eight years. 
recertification requires the completion of 100 units of continuing education in a variety of areas, including pathophysiology and anesthesia technologies.





part three what do crnas do?  
in many states, crnas work with complete autonomy. in other team models, they work with anesthesiologists, surgeons, dentists, and other physicians in serving patients who are to receive anesthesia. but what does a nurse anesthetist do on a day-to-day basis?
in this specialty nursing career, you'll usually work in hospital operating rooms (ors), emergency rooms (ers), intensive care units (icus), cardiac care units (ccus), or outpatient surgical clinics.
crnas work with surgical teams, and most surgical procedures occur from early morning (6 am) to late afternoons/evenings (6-7 pm), monday through friday. however, emergency surgery and unplanned cases can occur at any moment, so it is not unusual to see crnas working evenings, nights, weekends, and holidays. 
crnas have specific duties, which include but are not limited to:

assessing patient response to anesthesia
identifying possible risks to the anesthetized patient, including allergies and overdose
administering precise dosages 
educating patients before and after receiving anesthesia 

>> show me crna programs

part four nurse anesthetist salary
nurse anesthetist's salaries are some of the highest in the field. depending on the work setting and state where they are employed, the u.s. bureau of labor statistics (bls) reports that the median average nurse anesthetist salary is $212,650 as of their most recent survey in 2023.
highest paying states for crnas
the top 5 states with the highest mean annual average salaries for nurse anesthetists are:



illinois
$281,240


massachusetts
$272,510


montana
$256,460


new york
$256,160


vermont
$254,790



source bls, date extracted: june, 2024
nurse anesthetist salaries by state
here's a map of all the united states and the average crna salary for each per the bls. 

crna salary by state



state
annual mean wage


alabama
$173,370


alaska
-


arkansas
-


california
$250,920


colorado
$215,870


connecticut
$247,740


delaware
$207,030


florida
$176,950


georgia
$204,070


idaho
$178,600


illinois
$281,240


indiana
$207,180


iowa
$227,710


kansas
$184,650


kentucky
$185,630


louisiana
$218,770


maine
$227,270


maryland
$187,420


massachusetts
$272,510


michigan
$219,050


minnesota
$221,650


mississippi
$201,280


missouri
$230,470


montana
$256,460


nebraska
$212,860


new hampshire
$239,630


new jersey
$252,130


new mexico
$212,950


new york
$256,160


north carolina
$222,560


north dakota
$234,950


ohio
$210,760


oklahoma
$208,410


oregon
$215,260


pennsylvania
$209,890


puerto rico
$60,540


south carolina
$233,920


south dakota
$211,090


tennessee
$194,790


texas
$216,280


utah
$125,890


vermont
$254,790


virginia
$232,250


washington
$246,350


west virginia
$232,410


wisconsin
$247,160


wyoming
$228,780



source bls, date extracted: july, 2024
part five where do crnas work?
crnas typically work in healthcare settings with operating, emergency, and intensive care units.
crna work environments

medical and surgical hospitals
critical access hospitals
mobile surgery centers
outpatient care centers
nursing research facilities
offices of plastic surgeons, dentists, ophthalmologists, pain management specialists, and other medical professionals
u.s. military medical facilities

while most crnas choose to practice at the bedside, numerous administrative jobs are also available for nurse anesthetists. individuals can work in a managerial role that includes personnel and resource management, financial management, quality assurance, risk management, department meetings, continuing education, and staff development.
furthermore, crnas may hold positions within state and federal government agencies, including the state boards of nursing, u.s. food and drug administration, and for professional testing organizations such as the american society for testing and materials.
part six which schools have the best crna programs?
there are numerous crna programs in the us; we've ranked them based on reputation, certification pass rate, cost, accreditation, and acceptance rates and determined these are some of the best options out there. see the full list of the best nurse anesthetist programs here, and a sneak peak below!
top nurse anesthetist programs
1. duke university
total program cost: $69,736 (based on per-credit tuition rate) online: noprogram length: 36 months
duke university's nursing program is among the most competitive and well-respected nationwide and routinely graduates top nurses. duke also has one of the best crna programs in north carolina, offering a dnp in nurse anesthesia (na-dnp). graduates achieve a 100% pass rate for the crna certification exam, and every nursing student finds employment after graduating. 
2. mayo clinic college of health and sciences
total program cost: $62,610 online: noprogram length: 42 months
the mayo clinic in rochester, minnesota, offers a 42-month doctor of nurse anesthesia practice (dnap) program to current rns. students complete clinical experiences on mayo clinic's campus, though rotations might be completed off-campus. those who completed the mayo clinic master of nurse anesthesia or those currently employed as nurse anesthetists by mayo clinic may enroll in a post-graduate doctoral program. 
3. villanova university
total program cost: $94,000 online: noprogram length: 36 months
villanova university offers its dnp in nurse anesthesia through the m. louise fitzpatrick college of nursing in conjunction with prospect medical holdings - crozer-chester medical center. applicants don't need a master's degree but must have a bsn with a 3.4 gpa or higher and be currently practicing rns with five years of experience. villanova selects 24 new students each year out of nearly 100 applications, making this a highly competitive program. 
4. virginia commonwealth university
total in-state program cost: $52,272 total out-of-state program cost: $94,446 online: hybridprogram length: 36 months
intended for current rns with a bsn, the dnap entry-to-practice program utilizes a hybrid on- and off-campus format for the first two semesters of study. the final seven semesters are completed on-site, including five semesters gaining clinical experience. students gain clinical experience across richmond, interacting with various types of patients in different settings. vcu also offers a postmaster's dnap for current crnas. 
5. rush university 
total program cost: $103,774 (based on per-credit tuition rate)online: hybridprogram length: 36 months
rush university's 89-credit dnp in nurse anesthesia may seem expensive, but the university does not charge any fees on top of its per-credit tuition rate. over the course of the 36-month program, students begin in a simulation lab and gradually move into clinical rotations. most of the coursework is available entirely online, except for 756 hours of specialty curriculum and 2,300 hours of clinical immersion. dnp students complete their rotations at major illinois hospitals, or at the university of washington medical center in seattle, washington. 




part seven nurse anesthetists top tips on becoming crnas
we asked leaders in the nurse anesthesia field for their best advice for nurses who want to become nurse anesthetists.
joseph a. rodriguez, msn, crna, president of arizona association of nurse anesthetists
for those looking to join the ranks of crnas, a few pieces of advice. first, get used to thinking independently. protocols, order sets, guidelines – all are useful and important – but you have to have the critical thinking ability, the knowledge, and judgment to make the right choice for the patient – in the crucial moments.
second, get used to constant advocacy. crnas only exist because we’ve battled, for over 100 years, just for the right to do our job and take care of our patients.
third, you must properly – and frequently - articulate your practice to others who likely know nothing about your practice. few people (even surgeons, physicians, and nurses) understand the knowledge, background, and capabilities of crnas, and fewer will know that you have a deep understanding of perioperative anesthetic management.
last, surgery and anesthesia are all about teamwork, not egos - the only measurement that ever matters - is the safety of our patients.
kris rohde crna, msn, bsn, president-elect of the nebraska association of nurse anesthetists
for nurses who would like to become certified registered nurse anesthetists, i recommend that one does a bit of research into the profession. i believe that it would benefit the nurse to shadow crnas in a couple of different types of practice. see what it is like in a busy, metropolitan trauma center compared to a solo provider in a rural area serving many small communities. understanding the different types of practice is key to understanding our profession completely.
i also think that a nurse working in critical care will develop skills that are crucial to our profession. understanding laboratory results, ventilator settings, & ekg interpretation are just the tip of the iceberg for us. a successful crna understands all of those things, plus the pathophysiology behind it. working in an icu or other critical care areas will also help an rn develop critical thinking skills that are absolutely essential to a crna. this is something that is learned over time, not just in a year. i truly believe that applying for school when one is ready, not just after the minimum requirement, is important.
shawn seifert, ms, crna, president-elect of the maryland association of nurse anesthetists
the best advice i can give critical care nurses interested in a career in nurse anesthesia is to focus on leadership.
that is, seek opportunities outside of the purely clinical and be involved politically, socially, or even artistically.
these experiences will allow you to evolve into the advanced role of nursing leadership that nurse anesthesia demands as well as makes your application for school more impactful and likely to lead to an interview.
marcia kluck, mna, aprn, crna, president-elect of the minnesota association of nurse anesthetists
after you’ve made the decision and have gotten a minimum of two years of solid icu, minimize your lifestyle and expenses for the short term while in school. this is to minimize debt. you will have time to decompress during school. but international vacations at this time are an unnecessary luxury (in my humble opinion and experience). you will have time and money after boards!
cheryl l. nimmo, dnp, mshsa, crna, president of the american association of nurse anesthetists
my advice for nurses who wish to become a crna is this: as you pursue your bachelor’s degree, attain the highest grades possible. it is difficult to get accepted into a nurse anesthesia program, so increase your odds with excellent academic work.
after becoming an rn, you will need to obtain at least one year of experience working in an intensive care setting. my recommendation: work for 2-3 years at a minimum before applying for nurse anesthesia school. absorb advice and information like a sponge and become the best intensive care nurse you can be. 
find a crna and ask if you can shadow him/her in the or for a day. this will give you a total picture of what the career entails. also, get your ccrn certification. obtaining the certification shows that you are able to learn and retain new concepts and shows that you have the motivation to learn while working. 
also, if you had a science course and your grades were not outstanding, take another science course before applying to show you are capable of the science courses in anesthesia school. this will position you well for the next stage of your career…as a crna! good luck in your future career.
gus powell, crna, president-elect of the idaho association of nurse anesthetists
my best advice for nurses who want to become a nurse anesthetist (crna) is to have a plan and be willing to challenge yourself. that plan begins with focusing on academic success and picking the anesthesia program that is right for you, such as a program with an independent practice or regional anesthesia emphasis.
in addition, it is very important to gain as much clinical exposure as possible while working as an rn and applying to anesthesia programs. i also feel it is helpful to find a crna mentor and shadow that person for enough time to really establish if this profession is for you. becoming a crna is very rewarding and challenging. i have never regretted my decision to become a crna. good luck to you!
maricel isidro-reighard, crna, msna, dnap, president of the california association of nurse anesthetists
my best advice would be that in order to be successful in the crna job market is that you have to check your pride at the door. there are many humbling moments that you will encounter, and you will need to rely on your current fellow nurses. you will learn how important it is to respect them in order for them to respect you.
our peers will have high expectations of us, and we have to know how to deliver. don’t think that just because you have “crna” behind your name, that immediate ‘carte blanche’ is granted to you. it is, in fact just the opposite! we have to prove ourselves every single day! there is no doubt that in your crna career, you will need their helping hands and their moral support, and they will give it you almost 100% if they see that you did not shoot way too far into the stratosphere when you became a crna.
christopher bartels, crna, president of the connecticut association of nurse anesthetists
take a job in a high-acuity icu and gain as much experience as possible by seeking out challenging assignments. get your ccrn and never stop learning. take a leadership position in or out of the workplace (e.g. a professional association). come in early and be willing to stay late. prepare your family and support system for the commitment required in nurse anesthesia school. utilize aana.com as a resource. shadow a crna, save your money, avoid advertising your professional goals and stay humble.
>> show me crna programs

part eight what is the career outlook for crnas?  
the job prospects for crnas are excellent. healthcare legislation, increased emphasis on preventative care, an increasing number of insured patients, and an aging patient population have led to more patients seeking medical care. 
the bls estimates that the projected job growth for crnas between 2022 and 2032 will be 38%, much faster than the expected job growth for rns. as noted above, many rural areas are already using high numbers of crnas when they are available, and this is expected to increase significantly. many organizations are utilizing them in place of anesthesiologists due to availability and costs.




part nine where can i find more information on crna careers? 
the american association of nurse anesthetists (aana) is an excellent resource for those interested in more information about this career path. aana offers information about continuing education, advocacy, and upcoming annual meetings.
additionally, nurse.org is an invaluable resource for everything you need to know about a career as a crna and about crna programs. you’ll find the answers to all of your questions in these articles:

top 10 crna programs
crna schools by state 
top rn to crna programs
crna salary guide
top 10 cheapest crna schools

becoming a nurse anesthetist is a lot of work, but a rewarding and lucrative career comes with that title. if your goal is to take your rn career to the next level, look into becoming a crna.



recommended reading


















nurse anesthetist (crna) schools by state | programs 2025
january 25, 2024




















best hybrid online crna programs | 2025
june 13, 2024




















crna school requirements & tips for 2025
june 11, 2024




















top crna schools in texas | 2025
july 30, 2024







 
*indicates an affiliate link. at no additional cost to you, nurse.org will earn a commission if you click through and use this service.

u.s. news and world report


$100,000+
crna
dnp
bedside










































featured articles












best accelerated bsn (absn) programs 2025
















shortest online pmhnp certificate programs 2025
















top online nurse practitioner programs 2025


















                at nurse.org, we believe that no one knows nurses better than, well, nurses.
                that's why we rely on registered nurses and other experienced healthcare
                professionals to write our content whenever possible. we strive to be the
                go-to source for nursing news, trending topics, and educational resources.
                that means that you can trust us to have reliable, up-to-date information
                that's continuously reviewed to ensure it’s as relevant and accurate as
                possible.
                


get breaking nurse news and exclusive discounts straight to your inbox!



leave this field blank to prove your humanity
        





sign up











about nurse.org
contact us
press
advertise
join our network
data sources


terms of use
privacy policy
advertising policy
cookie settings
do not sell my personal information



copyright © 2025 full beaker, inc












 close
        












leave this field blank to prove your humanity
        





                                    join 1 million+ nurses and nursing students to inform and uplift the profession
                                



                                    plus, get exclusive access to discounts for nurses, stay informed on the latest nurse news, and learn how to take the next steps in your career.
                                




join now!



                                        by clicking “join now”, you agree to receive email newsletters and special offers from nurse.org.
                                        you may unsubscribe at any time by using the unsubscribe link, found at the bottom of every email.
                                    













