


 








sign in
sign-up










 welcome! 


close

 would you like to make this site your homepage? it's fast and easy... 

 
 yes, please make this my home page! 
 
no thanks


   don't show this to me again.


close







new england ghost project - paranormal investigations



























home
 spirit quest
ghost chronicles
newsletter
ghost photos
case files
events
 dining w/the dead
links
team bios
media
negp merchandise
book store











featured books




 









 


 


 





upcoming events (click on the event for more info)




 
purchase a vip walking dead pass and save $100 off the entire event! plus you receive a special welcome package and free attendance to the meet and greet!  offer ends june 30! 
                  click here to pre-order your tickets now!

 



tuesday, july 16, 2013
                    and every third tuesday of the month
paranormal study group

circles of wisdom bookstore
                  andover, ma
cost: $15 per person


saturday june 29th – cancelled
saturday july 13th – saturday august 3 
                      7-10 pm
pirate ghost cruise
                      leaving  aboard the m/v granite state from rye harbor state marina  
                      1870 ocean blvd (rte 1-a), rye, nh 
                  cost: $69 per person 
explore the mysterious waters of the new hampshire seacoast aboard the m/v granite state with its motley crew, cash bar, and lite bites. hear of macabre tales and local legends of pirates and ghosts as you pass the isle of shoals, the smuttynose island murder site, and other historic landmarks. join ron kolek, host of ghost chronicles radio, founder of new england ghost project and co-author of "ghost chronicles" and "a ghost a day," and jeremy d'entremont, founder of new england lighthouse tours and author of ten books on maritime history and new england legends, for a unique and spooky three-hour evening cruise.  



saturday july 20th – saturday august 17th – saturday september 14th
                      7:00pm, 8:45pm and 10:30pm
haunted lighthouse & fort tour
join author and radio personality ron kolek of the new england ghost project, along with author and lighthouse historian jeremy d’entremont, for a rare nighttime walking tour of fort constitution and portsmouth harbor lighthouse. the fort and lighthouse have been featured on tv, including the popular show “ghost hunters.” you’ll hear about the paranormal investigations at the fort and lighthouse that have indicated the presence of a number of otherworldly residents. ron will discuss investigation methods, and jeremy will fill in the history behind the ghostly tales. 



saturday, october 19, 2013
spectral evidence: ghost hunting 101
                  hawthorne hotel, salem, ma
cost: $75 per person


 
  new! gain a unique look into the realm of the supernatural in a unique setting which serves as a working “laboratory”. delve into the mystery and methods of paranormal investigating from an expert. explore both the scientific and metaphysical techniques used in this area of investigation. you will also learn how to review the “evidence,” searching for both normal and paranormal explanations by applying csi methodology.
 instructor: ronald kolek, executive director, new england ghost project, paranormal investigator, author, host and producer of radio show, “ghost chronicles” 
this timely course is being held at the reportedly haunted veasey estate which provides a unique laboratory for the class. 


veasey memorial park
                      201 washington street groveland, ma 01834
$189 fee
to register contact mary shattuck at 978-659-1237 email: mshattuck@necc.mass.edu


 


 
 

















subscribe to our 
                   newsletter 
                    













check us out on








ghost chronicles


 



ghost chronicles morning

listen live



 gc international



para x radio
          



listen on itunes








paranormal news



 



 



 


©2013 by ron kolek
      all rights reserved


new england ghost project
            1176 merrimack avenue - dracut, ma 01826
            phone: 978-455-6678 
            email: info@neghostproject.com



site designed by
joli web design
report broken links:
lisa@neghostproject.com














