 jerry savelle ministries international  
usa order & donation # 866.576.4872need prayer?usa order & donation # 866.576.4872need prayer?aboutwho we arecontact usinternational officesprayer requesttestimoniesjoin our mailing listemployment opportunitiesministrieschariots of light christian bikersheritage of faith churchwatchtv broadcasttv listingsback to the basics – classicsreaddaily devotionalmonthly partner letteradventures in faith magazineeventsstorepartnershipbible schoolcontact us – bible schoolfaqlevel 1 – building a foundationstatement of faithlevel 2 – school of ministrygiving




read mrs. carolyn's inspiring update. the best is yet to come for jerry savelle ministry television broadcastback to the basic - podcastadventures in faith - podcastlatest tv & podcasttelevision broadcastback to the basicadventures in faith














tv broadcastback to the basic - podcastadventures in faith - podcastit is with both profound sorrow and divine peace that we announce dr. jerry savelle, a beloved husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather, pastor, mentor, and resolute friend, has stepped into his eternal reward this day, monday, april 15, 2024. dr. savelle lived a life marked by an adventure in faith.brother jerry’s journey on earth was one of immense impact, rooted in the powerful love of jesus christ. his life testified to the beauty of grace and power of faith. as he often reminded us, through god’s hands, "nobodies" are turned into champions, and today, he himself has received the crown of righteousness laid up for all who are called according to his purpose.while our hearts miss his physical presence, we are comforted by the holy spirit and filled with a joy that transcends earthly understanding. as the apostle paul encouraged the thessalonians, we stand firm in our hope and the knowledge that this separation is but temporary. we do not mourn as those without hope, for we know that in christ, we shall see brother jerry again.join us in prayer for mrs. savelle, jerriann, terri, and the entire family. together we  celebrate his life, remembering and honoring the legacy of character, faith, and integrity that dr. jerry savelle so gracefully built. his teachings, love, and example have left an indelible mark on countless hearts, all of which are encouraged by his ministry."well done, good and faithful servant... enter into the joy of your lord." matthew 25:21jerry j. savelle
crowley, tx – jerry j. savelle, 77, went home to be with the lord on april 15, 2024. he spent his last day on earth fulfilling his purpose—teaching people the word of god.he was born december 24, 1946, in vicksburg, ms to jerry and attie savelle. he grew up wanting to race cars and own an auto repair shop just like his dad.in 1966, he married the love of his life, carolyn creech, and pursued his dream of opening jerry’s paint and body. he was the proud father of two daughters, jerri and terri. after surrendering his life to the lord on february 11, 1969, he moved the family to fort worth, texas, answering the call to ministry.with fifty-five years in ministry, he preached in over thirty-five hundred churches in over forty nations and opened overseas offices in the united kingdom, australia, canada, and south africa, as well as numerous bible schools in several nations.god used dr. savelle to inspire people worldwide to take hold of the promises of god and become the winners in life that god has called them to be and to become a testimony to his faithfulness.he is preceded in death by his dad, jerry (jw) savelle, and mom, attie t. (snow) savelle.dr. jerry savelle is survived by his loving wife of nearly 58 years, carolyn savelle; two daughters, jerriann savelle welch and husband carl; terri savelle foy and husband, rodney; seven grandchildren, and two great-grandchildren; sister shirley savelle; as well as numerous friends and partners around the world.his celebration of life will be held at 1:30 p.m. friday, april 26, at eagle mountain international church in newark, tx.celebration of life service honoring dr. savelle will be held at eagle mountain international church. service will be live streamed.location is: 14355 morris dido rd, newark, texas 76071.date: friday, april 26, 2024time: 1:30pmword of the lord 2022read and download dr. savelle's prophetic wordread now"your faith will overcome the world!"jerry savelle"your faith will overcome the world!"jerry savelleweekly broadcastteaching the uncompromised word of god.more videoswatch this weeks broadcast.more videosweekly broadcastteaching the uncompromised word of god.more videosfaith building resourceswise men and women are always learning, always listening for fresh insights. pr. 18:15 (msg)shop nowcalling in your harvestcalling in your harvestharvest time has come.  what’s keeping you from claiming your rightful harvest? dr. jerry savelle ex...order nowwalking in divine favor - packagewalking in divine favor - packagethis limited time special package contains:
walking in divine favor – paperback book
expect go...order nowcalling in your harvestcalling in your harvestorder nowwalking in divine favor - packagewalking in divine favor - packageorder nowdevotionaljesus is the standardjesus is the standardlet us run with endurance the race that is set before us, looking unto jesus, the author and finishe...read moremonthly letterfebruary 2025february 2025each month dr. savelle writes a timely message of hope and faith for his partners and friends of this ministry.read moremagazinelegacy editionlegacy editionbe inspired by the relevant, faith-building articles and exciting testimonies.download & subscribetoday's devotionaljesus is the standardlet us run with endurance the race that is set before us, looking unto jesus, the author and finisher of…
[continue reading]monthly letterfebruary 2025as you give this month, i want to offer you jerry’s powerful and faith-building message, “go forward.” thank you for…
[continue reading]today's devotionaljesus is the standardlet us run with endurance the race that is set before us, looking unto jesus, the author and finisher of…
[continue reading]monthly letterfebruary 2025as you give this month, i want to offer you jerry’s powerful and faith-building message, “go forward.” thank you for…
[continue reading]download / subscribe todayteaching resourcewhen i fall - i shall arisesee this month's in-depth resources to feed your spirit and grow your faith.read moreit's important to remember, no matter what is going on around us that god has given us the ability to win in life.we've put together a free teaching resource that outlines god's promises for healing, how to overcome temptations and trials in your life, understanding the power of scripture, and many more topics from the bible.find out why it's god's will to see you realizing your full potential to overcome any test in your life.each teaching resources also includes faith building questions to help ensure you have these truths rooted in your spirit.we also have included links to additional resources like books, audio messages and videos to help you to transform your life and become the winner that god wants you to be.“be transformed by the renewing of your mind, so that you may discern what is the good, pleasing, and perfect will of god.” romans 12:2learn morejerry savelle ministries p.o. box 748, crowley, texas 76036 usa customer service: 817-297-3155 usa order #: 1-866-jsmi-usa (5764-872) send us a message offices outside the usa download our appjerry savelle ministries p.o. box 748, crowley, texas 76036 usa customer service: 817-297-3155 usa order #: 1-866-jsmi-usa (5764-872) send us a message offices outside the usa take us everywhere you go, get the jerry savelle ministry app.homecontact usprayer requestwatchweekly broadcastwhere to watchback to the basics – classicsapple podcast & rssreaddaily devotionalteaching resourcesmonthly letteradventures in faith magazineeventsgiveprivacy policyapp privacy policyterms & conditions© 2025 jerry savelle ministries international - all rights reservedmain navigationaboutwho we arecontact usinternational officesprayer requesttestimoniesjoin our mailing listemployment opportunitiesministrieschariots of light christian bikersheritage of faith churchwatchtv broadcasttv listingsback to the basics – classicsreaddaily devotionalmonthly partner letteradventures in faith magazineeventsstorepartnershipbible schoolcontact us – bible schoolfaqlevel 1 – building a foundationstatement of faithlevel 2 – school of ministrygiving

    



