


linda ronstadt homepage









the linda ronstadt homepage*  
this is an unoffical website dedicated to america's greatest female singer
you may find the official linda ronstadt website here


cry like a rainstorm... howl like the wind




linda's live album recorded in 1980 is available in its entirety. this album was previously released in an abridged version but is now available with all songs. more information can be found at the official linda ronstadt website.
linda's iconic multi-platinum multi-grammy winning albumcry like a rainstorm howl like the windhas been released on translucent blue vinyland is available at target and other retailers.
this new lp re-issue was remastered by james saez from an analog master tape from the original sessions. this new release has improved clarity and low end, with linda's vocal more forward with less compression.
you may find more information about purchasing this album here at the official linda ronstadt website.
.





more developments in movie project





recent reissues on vinyl and cd



linda's christmas album is being released on vinyl for the first time. also a cd digi-pak is being released. the red vinyl is exclusive from barnes & noble.  the green vinyl and silver vinyl are available from the official linda ronstadt website.


linda's iconic album canciones de mi padre has been released on vinyl and in a new cd package-- more information here: linda ronstadt


feels like home- recent memoir



       
linda has a new book, available since october.  here is a description from the publisher:
in feels like home, grammy award-winning singer linda ronstadt effortlessly evokes the magical panorama of the high desert, a landscape etched by sunlight and carved by wind, offering a personal tour built around meals and memories of the place where she came of age. growing up the granddaughter of mexican immigrants and a descendant of spanish settlers near northern sonora, ronstadt s intimate new memoir celebrates the marvelous flavors and indomitable people on both sides of what was once a porous border whose denizens were happy to exchange recipes and gather around campfires to sing the ballads that shaped ronstadt s musical heritage. following her bestselling musical memoir, simple dreams, this book seamlessly braids together ronstadt s recollections of people and their passions in a region little understood in the rest of the united states. this road trip through the desert, written in collaboration with former new york times writer lawrence downes and illustrated throughout with beautiful photographs by bill steen, features recipes for traditional sonoran dishes and a bevy of revelations for ronstadt s admirers. if this book were a radio signal, you might first pick it up on an arizona highway, well south of phoenix, coming into the glow of ronstadt s hometown of tucson. it would be playing something old and mexican, from a time when the border was a place not of peril but of possibility.






linda ronstadt radio- all linda all the time

now there is an online radio station that plays all linda ronstadt 24 hours a day.  check it out.


mad love - 40th anniversary

february 2020 marked the 40th anniversary of linda ronstadt's album mad love. 
check out this billboard article where linda and her band look back on this albumupon its release in february 1980 it entered the billboard album chart at #5 in its first week, which was the highest position ever for a female artist 
at that time. currently out of print on cd, the album is available in a limited edition vinyl release from 
friday music. below are some videos from mad love.




linda ronstadt movie was #1 documentary in theaters for seven weeks, now available on dvd and blu-ray disc




a documentary about linda ronstadt had its world premiere one year ago at the tribeca film festival, which ran from april 24 to may 5, 2019 in new york city.
linda ronstadt: the sound of my voice is directed by rob epstein and jeffrey friedman, produced by james keach, michele farinola, rob epstein and jefrey friedman. 
also featured in this movie are jackson browne, bonnie raitt, emmylou harris, don henley, aaron neville, and dolly parton. 
after the premiere screening, sheryl crow gave a special performance in celebration of linda ronstadt.
at the provincetown film festival, this documentary won the hbo audience award for best documentary feature. it also won the aarp award for best documentary of the year as well as the critics choice award.
check this interview with the film's directors for more information.
this film is no longer in theaters but available for purchase or streaming. to view the theatrical trailer, click on the image to the left.
view the 30-second theatrical trailer here.
view the full theatrical trailer here.
for full details and ticket information, view www.lindaronstadtmovie.com
this documentary is available for download and is also available on dvd and bd blu-ray disc. 
check amazon.com or cduniverse.
the documentary is also available for streaming on netflix and amazon prime.





latest linda ronstadt release- live in hollywood



linda ronstadt's first officially available live album was released by rhino records on february 1, 2019, and shot to the #1 sales position on itunes, amazon, and cduniverse. sales numbers also show this album was also
the #1 selling rock album during it's first week of release.
unlike the many bootleg releases with marginal sound quality that have found their way to the market over the years, this album was made from the original master 
tapes. live in hollywood is available on cd, vinyl, and in digital formats.

for more information or to order this release, visit the official rhino records website.
it is also available from cduniverse and amazon.

click on the image to the right to hear a live performance of just one look, from this live album recorded in 1980.



rhino records podcasts- linda ronstadt interviewed in two parts










 




maria linda ronstadt was born july 15, 1946 in tucson, arizona.
no other vocalist has had a more diversified career than linda ronstadt.  
she began her career in the mid-1960s with the folk-rock group the stone poneys.  after the 
break-up of the stone poneys, linda entered the country music field.  in 1969, with
the release of hand sown... home grown, linda became the first 
female singer to release an alt-country album. in 1971, 
she put together the band 
that would become america's biggest selling band, the eagles.linda achieved her greatest 
commercial success in the mid-1970s when she became the first female rock superstar
and the top-selling female vocalist for that decade.  during this period, she became 
widely known as the queen of rock  and the queen of country rock.   achieving superstardom during the '70s, linda
went on to sell an even greater number of albums in the '80s than she did in the '70s.

her long string of 
platinum albums continued throughout the '80s with several varied projects.  these included 
three albums of standards with the nelson riddle orchestra, an album of mariachi standards, and
a trio project with dolly parton and emmylou harris. she ended the decade with a return to popular music 
featuring her duets with aaron neville. 
linda's success extended into the '90s as well, starting off with
a grammy win for don't know much and ending the decade with a
grammy nomination for western wall 
and a win with trio ii.  
other grammy-winning projects
during the 1990s included another album of mexican canciones, an album of latin music, and
a best-selling album of rock classics redone as lullabies.  during this same time, she produced
some of the best pop/rock music of her career with 
winter light, 
feels like home, and
her last rock album we ran.
linda began the new millennium with her only christmas album,
a merry little christmas.  this was followed by 
an album of classic jazz standards, hummin' to myself.     linda's final album release was 
adieu false heart,
an album of duets with cajun artist ann savoy.  linda is now retired from performing due to parkinsons disease.
on november 9, 2011 linda was honored with the lifetime achivement award from the latin recording
academy. on april 23, 2016 linda was honored in los angeles with a special lifetime achievement grammy award.




 latest reissues: 
   
   





the movie version of the pirates of penzance with kevin kline and linda ronstadt is now available on blu-ray disc for the first time.
for more information or to order, click on the image above.  pirates of penzance is also available on standard dvd.
a new release of linda's classic album heart like a wheel is a limited edition of 3000 numbered copies and is issued in a hybrid sacd/cd format that will play not only on sacd player 
but all regular cd players as well. this title can be ordered direct from the manufacturer, mobile fidelity, 
or any of a number of online retailers.

rhino entertainment has released a special 40th anniversary edition of linda ronstadt's multi-platinum album "simple dreams." 
it is made available on cd, vinyl, and hi-res digital downloads, 
carefully remastered from the original analog tapes. the original packaging has been preserved, and liner notes by producer peter asher are included. 
as a special addition in all formats, three bonus tracks will be included, live versions of the songs it's so easy, blue bayou and poor poor pitiful me.
on the lp version the bonus songs will be on a second record.  more detailed information can be found here.

the complete trio collection includes both previous trio releases, as well as a full disc of previously unreleased performances by the linda ronstadt, dolly parton, and emmyloy harris.  click the image above to order. also available is my dear companion: selections from the trio collection.  also available, on vinyl only, is farther along.


just one look, a new 2-cd collection of linda ronstadt featuring 30 of her best performances (re-mastered) was recently released. to order this collection online, visit cduniverse.


a collection of 
linda ronstadt duets
was released on april 8, 2014.
for full details of this release
or to order this album,
click here.

   




















icon radio is featuring an interview with linda ronstadt. host roman guzman with special guest host john boylan talk to linda ronstadt, discussing her early hit years and the songs that comprise
her "greatest hits."  there are several different options for listening to this interview:
vimeo - link: https://vimeo.com/127646076
icon website - link: www.iconthepodcast.com
amfm magazine - stitcher radio - itunes











 


the book shown to the left, an unauthorized biography of linda ronstadt, has been available for several years.  
a new 2019 paperback edition of this book is now available. this updated version has additional and revised text and scores of news color photographs, with a new introduction by martha reeves. it is also available as a kindle e-book. 
it is available from amazon, 
barnes & noble, and other sellers.
you may contact the author, mark watson, for more information. 



 



on july 28, 2014,9:13 pm 6/18/2015 linda ronstadt was honored with the national medal of arts, 
presented to her by president obama in a ceremony at the white house.
more information may be found here: 
new york times article


on february 10, 2013, linda ronstadt discussed the power of music and other topics at grace cathedral in san francisco.  
to listen to or download this one-hour program, click on this grace cathedral link.

linda ronstadt's classic album heart like a wheel is among 25 recordings selected for long-term preservation in the library of congress' national recording registry.  you can
read more about this in this article from the los angeles times. 


linda ronstadt's
memoir, titled simple dreams, was released on september 17, 2013.  the book is available in hardcover format in english and in a 
spanish language trade paperback.  the book has also been released in paperback. an audiobook editon will be made available december 15, 2020.






a tv program from the past featuring linda ronstadt 
is now available on dvd.  originally produced for pbs's great performances series, 
la pastorela is a musical retelling of the shepherd's journey to bethlehem to see the christ child. we see the tale through the 
eyes of a modern young girl, 
the oldest child in a large rural tex-mex family. during a surrealistic dream, which brings to mind "the wizard of oz," the young chicana makes a fantastical 
journey with the shepherds and along the way witnesses the triumph of god's angels over satan's diablo's. this dvd was released november 6, 2012 and is 
currently out of print.  a few copies remain for sale at barnes and noble.

linda ronstadt was honored with the lifetime achivement award from the latin recording
academy.  the award was presented november 9, 2011 at a special ceremony at the four seasons hotel in las vegas.  according to their press release:
ten-time grammy winner linda ronstadt is one of the '70s most popular interpretive singers and has released more than 30 solo albums, 15 compilations and greatest hits albums, with several reaching certified gold, platinum and multi-platinum status. released in 1987, her first all-spanish album, canciones de mi padre, stands as the best-selling non-english-language album in u.s. music history. nicknamed the queen of rock, ronstadt has recorded in several genres such as jazz, r&b, gospel, opera, country, choral, tropical, and mariachi. additionally,she has collaborated with such diverse artists as rosemary clooney, billy eckstine, philip glass, flaco jim nez, the chieftains, and dolly parton. she currently devotes time to her family and continues to support many hispanic social causes.











the pages on this site are:

linda ronstadt discussion forum
press kit: living in the u.s.a.
press kit: greatest hits vol. 2
1977 tour book- simple dreams
1978 tour book- living in the usa
1980 tour book- mad love
1984 tour book- what's new
1987 tour book- canciones de mi padre
1990 tour book- cry like a rainstorm
complete guest appearances
scrapbook items
mike hiatt's photo collection
articles and interviews
linda ronstadt's top pop albums
linda ronstadt's top country albums
linda ronstadt's adult contemporary hits
linda ronstadt's top country singles
linda ronstadt's top country songs
cash box magazine top ronstadt chart hits
linda ronstadt videos
linda ronstadt's grammy awards
linda ronstadt lyrics
produced by linda ronstadt
linda ronstadt album & cd reviews
new! the stone poneys 1966- 1968
albums 1969 - 2006
linda ronstadt compilations
books and magazine covers
early linda ronstadt photographs
photographs from the 1970s
photographs from the 1980s
photographs from the 1990s
rich bailey's discography
linda ronstadt and funding for the arts
linda ronstadt's honorary doctorate degree
alma awards- trailblazer award








 






some related linda ronstadt links:

the pirates of penzance world premiere
the pirates of penzance
popshifter blog
goldmine magazine editorial
southern fm 88.3 interview (australia)
linda ronstadt- my guardian angel
german linda ronstadt website
california 101- west coast radio
michael moore editorial
linda's charted hits by year
buy linda ronstadt albums & videos
interview by debbie kruger
yahoo linda ronstadt fan group
lindaronstadt.com links page
the official verve website
linda ronstadt guest vocal appearances
tucson's ronstadt family history
lloyd copeman (linda's grandfather)
i was spanked by linda ronstadt
working with linda ronstadt











    






linda ronstadt poses with dancers from los cenzontles.  june 2, 2008photo by los cenzontles.
jd lasica / socialmedia.biz




    






linda ronstadt sings with david hidalgo
jd lasica / socialmedia.biz







  









 








feedjit live blog stats


links to musical friends:

waddy wachtel
joe melson
arnold mcculler
phoebe snow
kenny edwards
bobby kimmel
karla bonoff
wendy waldman
jimmy webb
rosemary clooney
maria muldaur
john beland
nicolette larson
warren zevon
henry diltz
andrew gold
black rose: the j d souther homepage
hoyt axton
emmylou harris
jackson browne







 











numerous fans have contributed to the construction 
of this webpage.  i would like to thank
these linda ronstadt fans for their help.









what's new?














this is an unofficial linda ronstadt fan website. you are not communicating with linda ronstadt or anyone who has direct contact with her. she will not see your email. 
sende-mail






search this website





 





when you make your online music purchases, linda ronstadt or other artists, 
through the cd universe links on this page, 100% of the money earned 
on sales through this website will be donated to grassroots acoustica 
charities.  thanks to your purchases through this website, $1439.95 has been donated to grassroots acoustica.
click on the cd universe logo below for ordering, or click 
on the grassroots acoustica logo to learn more about that organization.
 



 


*this is an unofficial fan page, and is not affiliated with linda ronstadt.

tony partridge






