












ethan winer - home page








i..www.ethanwiner.com - since 1997
search
    this site





home & contact
audio & music bio
programming
wisdoms & quotes
funny names


magazine
    articles
cello page
ethan's tunes
oxymorons
family photos



welcome to ethan
winer's home page





read all about
        ethan's
        book, the audio expert.








   

























.
        thanks for visiting my web site. there's a huge amount of information on this site in more
        than 150 separate pages. many of the magazine articles i've written over the years are
        here, as are most of my pop tunes and classical compositions, plus fun stuff like my funny
        names and oxymorons lists, and much more. click the links at the top of the page to get to
        each section, and enjoy your visit!friend
        me on facebook!





ethan winer
        34 cedar vale drive
        new milford, ct  06776-4600phone hours
        1:00 pm to 5:00 pm eastern time usa, every day:
        860-350-8188
press "#" at the prompt to skip my phone spam blocker.






i do not provide free personal
        consulting. if you have questions and want private advice, i offer tutoring on
        all aspects of audio, recording, and acoustics in person, by telephone, email, or video chat.
        most consultations are charged at a flat rate of $200 which you can purchase at my web store. for acoustic advice, another option is to
        purchase products from my company realtraps,
        which includes expert guidance as part of the sale.if you want
        free advice i'll still help you. but please ask in my audio expert forum
        rather than email or telephone me. that way the effort i put into answering will help
        others, and you can benefit from other answers too.
please do not post my email address above in a public forum. i
        love when people recommend my website, audio expert book, and other services! but to avoid
        receiving spam i prefer posting a link to this page. i acknowledge all emails except funny
        name submissions. if you send me a funny name i may or may not post it. if you send me
        email about anything else and don't get a reply, please check your spam folder and send
        again if needed with the word "query" in the subject.



thanks to these sponsors who help keep this web site
    running:
 
drop down
    list in excel - #1 excel tutorial on the net


college essay and interview coaching: web site, blog, linkedin, twitter, pinterest
pay experts from writemypaperhub
    - paper writing service to write your essay online.
    one of the best websites that write papers for you.
professional write
    my paper service at writers per hour
professional piano and furniture removalists in australia
entrust our experts to complete your essay order and boost your grades in college.
cello discovery -
    affordable, online cello lessons for the adult beginner.
if you want to find online casinos with fast withdrawals, then try payid casinos at payid-pokies in
    australia and experience what instant payouts are all about.



join the best casino in
    india now and embark on a journey filled with and rewards!
when i struggle with college, i choose paperwriter best site to write my paper.

when struggling with assignments, you can always rely on help me write an essay essaypro services.
need an essay on music or any other topic? pay for essay at topessaywriting
    and get a unique paper from the best writers.

    visit stateofwriting
    essay services to get quality online help
    from the best british professionals.
find local expert piano removals and furniture moving companies in australia.
looking for a reliable essay
    writing service? check out customwritings.
available credit card casinos at
    nongamstopbets.com for british players. deposit without limits!
check out the list created by dan dawkins of top non gamstop casinos at
    non-gamstop-betting.com, featuring a variety of games!
read expert reviews of all non-gamstop casinos by eventgenius authors and users.
find exclusive promo codes with free spins at nongamstop.nonstopcasino.org and try your luck.
mostbet is the official
    betting website in pakistan.
daman game is
    the best colour prediction game in india.
daman games
shazam
    casino
enjoy the guide by bestcasinobitcoin
    to find the best crypto casino for your gaming experience!






some good links for the best prices on strings:
a site dedicated to violin strings: www.violin-strings.com
    for cello strings: www.cello-strings.com
    for viola strings: www.viola-strings.com
    for upright bass and strings: www.stringemporium.com/basscafe.htm



















entire contents of this web site copyright © 1997- by ethan winer. all rights reserved.





