









travelling around the world - katitchepoint












































travel
transport
hosting
administrative
news
activities
 





select page


  
 



 



 










travel around the world

see more







contact us

discover new things

















getting well equipped to go camping





the key to a successful camping trip is proper equipment. so, what to bring? the essentials: a tent, a sleeping bag, a ground sheet, a tarpaulin, a flashlight or headlamp, a knife, a first aid kit. you can also think of other accessories that are just as useful, but it will depend on your camping style, from ultralight to ultra-equipped. don’t forget that everything you take with you will need to be carried, transported and brought back. this is especially true for kitchen accessories, which can be bulky (gas stove, frying pans, pots, coolers, dishes, etc.), but essential for cooking. sleeping in a tent means making compromises: eating cold or hot, favouring one accessory over another.

see more










blog





the ultimate guide to flat rental in meribel-mottaret

hostingwhether you're planning a winter ski holiday or a summer mountain escape, meribel-mottaret is an ideal destination with plenty of activities and breathtaking scenery. in this guide, we will delve into the process of finding and selecting the perfect self-catered flat...
read more




holidays in france: discover the ultimate camping experience with hot tub pitches

hosting, newsimagine during your summer holidays in the south of france soaking in a bubbling hot tub under the stars, surrounded by nature and peace after a long day of exploring the great outdoors. that dream can now become a reality with the rise of luxury camping rentals that...
read more




disney parks around the world: a magical journey

activities, news, traveldisney parks are dream destinations for children and adults from all over the world. these magical places offer an unforgettable experience, with their attractions, shows and encounters with the emblematic characters of the disney universe. but where are these...
read more









best destinations



some countries, cities or monuments are worth seeing and visiting. there are many things to discover, from beautiful landscapes to lands steeped in history.













see more


















 







useful linkscontact
legal notes
 




designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 

































