


lovemadeofheart












 




 
 welcome to coach teresa leyung-ryan's
                      website
 writingcoachteresa.com
author /
                   writing coach / fanbase-building coach
teresa
                   leyung-ryan says: 
"reach
                   out, not stress out."
 


click here to view 
coach teresa answers the questions "what is a platform?"
                   and "how do you grow your fanbase?" on cbs bay sunday with host frank
                   mallicoat, produced by akilah
                   bolden-monifa

are you a writer or entrepreneur? let coach teresa leyung-ryan show you how to reach out,
                not stress out. help prospective fans/customers/readers find you through the fun exercises in
                her workbook build your writer’s platform & fanbase
                in 22 days.
 


 

a new class for writers who have a partial or complete draft of a novel,
                    memoir, biography, children's or y/a! scroll down this page.
 


3-minute movie  writing coach teresa
                         leyung-ryan on editing panel at san francisco writers
                         conference   "thank you, dear author/documentary producer/animal welfare advocate margie yee webb,
                         for filming yours truly."






 
   
love made of heart
the mother-daughter novel that
                                          inspires adult
                                          children of mentally ill
                                          parents to speak openly
                                          about stigmas
- use in college courses -
 
archived in the san francisco history
                                          center
 
 
 


                                      

                                     
 
 
                                       
                                      
 
build your writer’s platform &
                                       fanbase in 22 days:attract agents, editors, publishers,
                                       readers, and media attention now (workbook) 
                                       ,
 
scroll down this page to see
coach teresa leyung-ryan
interviewed on 
                                          
                                    cbs channel 5 


 
and, i recommend your getting this book for yourself or a friend.
break through the
                                    noise: 
nine tools to
                                    propel your marketing
                                    message

go
                                    to: 
http://breakthroughthenoise.com
to watch
                                    elisa sasa southard demonstrate “the
                                    talking tagline”




 




 




 


 
  
teresa
                                                    leyung-ryan
 http://writingcoachteresa.com  
                                                       
                                                      





coach teresa
                                          leyung-ryan's 

new 9-hour class (over 3 sessions):


                                    for theme's sake!


                                    edit your own manuscript before pitching to agents


                                    or self-publishing 








even if you
                                                            are in a critique group or preparing to hire a
                                                            professional editor 
                                                        




avoid
                                                            headaches and rejection 
                                                        




save
                                                        money






for writers of


novels, memoirs,
                                    children's & ya, and
                                    biographies 

please email coach
                                    teresa 
for registration
                                    instructions 

she is writingcoachteresa and she's
@gmail.com
 


                                    in this 9-hour class over 3 sessions, learn how to edit your work by
                                    examining the answers to these questions: 

â·      
                                    
                                    what does my protagonist really want? 

â·      
                                    
                                    who or what are the antagonists? 

â·     
                                    
                                    how do i connect the main themes in my story from beginning to
                                    end?    





 
author and coach teresa leyung-ryan says: "identify the themes and archetypes in your
                intellectual properties and articulate your platform statement, simultaneously with ease. show up
                for the writing, show up for the promoting. i cheer for you." 
 
 






                                      
fanbase-building coach
                                          teresa leyung-ryan transforms your email signature blocks, photos &
                                          videos, and website descriptions into platform statements . . .

                                    to attract target audience and readers before and after
                                    publication.
coach teresa says:
                                       "reach out, not stress out. help
                                       your new
                                          fans find you." 



attract
                                                      agents, acquisition editors,
                                                      publishers 
                                            



or be your own
                                                     publisher! 
                                            



gain readers and media attention. 
                                            


ask coach
                                       teresa to send you
                                       her questionnaire and she will
                                       give you a complimentary evaluation - please click here for
                                       instructions.

                                      
 



                                      
click here to view coach teresa answering the questions
                                       "what is a platform?" and "how do you build a fanbase?" on cbs bay sunday
                                       (produced by akilah bolden-monifa) with host frank
                                       mallicoat
click here to read the interview with coach teresa for
                                       stepbysteppublishing
coach teresa says: "work on your
                                    manuscripts (by identifying themes and
                                    archetypes) and build & retrofit your
                                    platform and fanbase (by
                                    blogging), simultaneously with
                                    ease." 
wear the
                                          two hats as writer and promoter, and be happily
                                          published.
 please scroll down this
                                    screen or click here for more information about coach teresa's
                                       workbook





 




                                  

                                bio: teresa leyung-ryan
                                   “fanbase-building coach teresa” is author of build your writer’s platform & fanbase in
                                   22 days: attract agents, editors, publishers, readers,
                                   and media attention now(workbook),
                                   love made of
                                   heart: a mother’s mental illness forges forgiveness in daughter
                                   ruby (novel used by college
                                   professors), coach teresa’s
                                   blog at http://writingcoachteresa.com;
                                   creator of “talking to my dead mom”(monologues)
                                   and “immigrant experience writing contest”; past
                                   officer of women's national book association-sf chapter; past
                                   president of california writers club-sf
                                   peninsula; recipient of the
                                   jack london award for
                                      outstanding service.
 




 
 
coach teresa leyung-ryan's website http://writingcoachteresa.com
                coach teresa's blog http://lovemadeofheart.com/blog
                coach teresa's youtube channel https://www.youtube.com/user/teresaleyung 



build your writer's platform & fanbase in 22
                               days: attract agents, editors, publishers, readers, and
                               media attention
                               now is a
                               workbook for anyone who has anything to promote---available in print edition for
                               $11.66 and as an e-book for $4.99. 
                        



by
                            making her name synonymous with the issues she writes about, teresa has built her own
                            platform happily. her first novel love made of
                               heart: a mother’s mental illness
                                  forges forgiveness in daughter
                                  ruby 
                                     is used in college composition
                                  classes and women's studies classes; available at public libraries; recommended
                                  by the ca school library association and the ca reading association; and archived
                                  at the san francisco history center. she says: "i am so thankful to everyone who
                                  encouraged me." 
                        



love made of heart and
                            her "talking to my dead mom
                            monologues" carry the themes
                                  closest to teresa's heart:  mother-daughter relationship;
                                  chinese-american immigrant experience; inspiring adult children (of
                                  mentally ill parents) to speak openly about the stigmas and find
                                  resources. 
                        



subscribe
                            to  “coach teresa’s blog” click here to start. 
                        


 






                                      
  $11.66 print edition
you can sneak
                                          preview the 2 exercises for day 1 in build your writer’s platform & fanbase in 22
                                          days
                                          by:



click 
                                                      ing  on the above book
                                                      cover 
                                            



then on
                                                      amazon's page, click on that bookcover
                                                      under "click to look
                                                      inside" 
                                            




   
   $4.99 
                                    ebook kindle edition 
you can sneak
                                          preview the 2 exercises for day 1 in build your writer’s platform & fanbase in 22
                                          days
                                          by:



click 
                                                      ing on
                                                      the above book
                                                      cover 
                                            



then on
                                                      amazon's page, click on that bookcover
                                                      under "click to look
                                                      inside" 
                                            




  
love made of
                                    heart: a mother’s mental illness forges
                                    forgiveness in daughter ruby is used in college
                                    courses and archived at the san francisco history center.

    
                                              click 
                                              on the above
                                              book cover to buy the
                                              book 
                                    

                                        or
                                    

                                        ask your librarian to find you a copy
                                    
publisher: kensington publishing corp. ny





 
 




contact coach
                                teresa:
to prevent crawlers from picking up my email address from my website and sending
                                me junk, my email address is not shown as a link. to e-mail me, type the word
                                writingcoachteresa then
                                @, then gmail.com
in the subject line--show your full name and purpose of
                                your e-mail. please tell me who referred you. thank you!
 




 





 




 


home - coach teresa leyung-ryan's website


who is teresa leyung-ryan?


fanbase & platform-building coach teresa leyung-ryan / manuscript consultant


the workbook - build your writer's platform & fanbase in 22 days


coach teresa's blog


coach teresa leyung ryan's classes & events


contact coach teresa leyung-ryan


love made of heart: a daughter, a mother, a journey through mental illness


reviews/ interviews - love made of heart


tips for success


resources for writers


the immigrant experience writing contest


advocacy for women resources


love made of heart online store & gift shop


site map





home - coach teresa leyung-ryan's website who is teresa leyung-ryan? fanbase & platform-building coach teresa leyung-ryan / manuscript consultant the workbook - build your writer's platform & fanbase in 22 days coach teresa's blog coach teresa leyung ryan's classes & events contact coach teresa leyung-ryan love made of heart: a daughter, a mother, a journey through mental illness reviews/ interviews - love made of heart tips for success resources for writers the immigrant experience writing contest advocacy for women resources love made of heart online store & gift shop 




