









&noscript=1 />





  



stoneimpressions natural stone tile | timeless pattern tiles

















































































 







































the regency collection

regency murals, panels, and patterns
regency coordinating collection
regency stone options


artisan stone tile

quick ship pattern tiles
stone liners & trim


stoneimpressions

made to order pattern tiles
listellos
tile murals & accent tiles
hexagons
archived tile designs
natural stone options & tile sizes
stone liners & trim


custom tile design

custom color
custom images
custom murals
custom layout and sizing


galleries

kitchen backsplash gallery
designer collaborations
bathroom tile design ideas
flat lay gallery
fireplace and floor tile gallery


where to buy

showroom locator


about us

our founder
our lines
contact us
photostone
tile catalogs


blog

custom tile articles
general
how to articles
home tours
natural stone information
styling tile designs


overstock sale
 








select page


  
 



 



 
















introducing...
a bespoke line of stunning full wall murals, whimsical panels, and entrancing new patterns, the limited-edition regency collection is now live.
discover regency









artisan stone tileview our line of quick-ship tiles.
explore









stoneimpressionsfrom delicate florals to bold geometrics, the made-to-order stoneimpressions line is fully customizable to suit any space.
explore









breathtaking centerpiecesa collection of traditional to modern centerpiece murals to create your truly unique space.
explore












stoneimpressions offers the finest, natural stone tiles for your interior. based in san diego, california, stoneimpressions is committed to its local community and proud to offer american-made tiles that prioritize artistry and craftsmanship. discover artisan tile designs, pattern tiles, tile murals, listellos, and accent tiles fit for creating spectacular spaces today.









stoneimpressions tile collections












made to order pattern tiles









available on any natural stone type and size that we offer, our made to order pattern tile collection features timeless tile patterns for your interior.










decorative tile murals









make a moment in your interior with a one-of-a-kind centerpiece mural. stoneimpressions tile murals may be scaled to fit any installation space.










artisan stone tile designs









working on a deadline? artisan stone tile is a quick-ship program that features affordable tile designs printed with specified sizes, stone types, and colors.


























come learn with stoneimpressions












how to articles









from sealing to cleaning, we cover the basics of how to handle your decorative natural stone art tile.










natural stone information









solidify your stone knowledge with stoneimpressions. discover the basics of natural stone and beyond.










home tours









curious to see how stoneimpressions tiles create everlasting interiors? browse our home tour articles today!






















subscribe to our newsletterjoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from stoneimpressions & artisan stone tile.
 

















subscribe






you are successfully subscribed.










 

 





cookies policy
privacy policy
terms and conditions
stoneimpressions tile showrooms
tile catalogs
installation instructions
faq
careers
 






facebook




instagram


© stoneimpressions 2024 















subscribe to our newsletterjoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team.






















subscribe!






you have successfully subscribed!




 


 








































