







welcome to joseph project international - be the hope for a better tomorrow in israel.

































































donate


home

collaborate with us

past and current projects

war updates

volunteer

contact us








join us in building a better tomorrow in israel.over $24.7 million dollars in  war aid distributed since october 7th, 2023.over $174 million dollars in aid distributed to the poor and needy in israel since 2000.
donate now
discover
war updates







israel's #1 importer of humanitarian aid

- over $170 million in aid distributed since 2000 
- over 1000 shipping containers imported and distributed since 2000





jpi war emergency program

- over $24.7 million dollars in israel war aid distributed since october 7th, 2023. 
- over 1376 deliveries of aid since october 7, 2023learn more













 





our mission
empowering communities and combatting poverty


 our mission is simple: to bring hope and relief to israel's neediest populations. we believe that everyone deserves to live with dignity, regardless of their circumstances, religion, or race. that's why we work tirelessly to provide basic life necessities and support to those who are struggling. join us in our mission and be a part of something bigger. together, we can make a real difference in the lives of those in need.
 
 






healthy food





money donations





electronics





clothing







office furniture





medical equipment





housing goods





toys






 
 




educate yourselves
here are the facts
israel may be a modern, technologically-advanced nation, but poverty is a major issue, affecting 20.1% of households and leaving 850,000 households below the poverty line. the high cost of living, low wages, and need for security, combined with the influx of immigrants, contribute to this poverty. in addition, over a million children in israel struggle with food insecurity, with 600,000 experiencing severe food insecurity. the cost of purchasing a basket of healthy products is often too high for many families.




1 mil.
children living with food insecurities


850k
households living below the poverty line


600k
children experiencing severe food insecurity


20.1%
of households in israel are below the poverty line










want to serve?
passionate about making a difference? volunteer with us today!
we are always looking for dedicated individuals and groups of volunteers to help us with a variety of tasks, from sorting and organizing donations to assisting with distributions and special events. no experience is necessary - just a willingness to lend a helping hand and a heart for those in need.join us and be a part of something bigger than yourself. sign up to volunteer at joseph project international today and make a difference in the lives of those who need it most.

 
 



become a volunteer


 
    

thank you! your submission has been received!


oops! something went wrong while submitting the form.






 






hear from our partners:
their stories & experiences







 
"thank you, joseph project international for the wonderful things that you do for new immigrants who come to israel, and the welfare aid, it simply helps and thank you very much in the name of the jewish people."
 



yaakob hagoel,chairman of world zionist organization






 
"helping hand coalition is privileged to be partnering with joseph project international in providing humanitarian aid to the holocaust survivors and other populations in need in israel. we are grateful for the humanitarian supplies that are being able to be shipped through joseph project international and appreciative of their efforts and commitment in delivering them to the people who truly need it the most in the land."
 



luke gasiorowski






 
"in 2016 ifa approached the joseph project international confidentially for a historic assistance operation from the citizens of israel to the citizens of syria, through the golan heights, with the help of the idf. they understood the significance of saving lives of innocents and would directly strengthen the state of israel. the intense assistance constituted transport of hundreds of tons of critical supplies, building a hospital, equipment for handicapped persons, dried foods, warm clothing, baby products, and more."
 



gal lusky





 
"every since joseph project international became our partner, our children smile more!"
 



rabbi ze'ev slavin





 
"on behalf of our children and all other patients who will benefit from the donation of the custom designer wheelchairs we would like to thank the joseph project international for this incredible expression of generosity and support that you have donated, and continue to donate to herzog hospital. the wheelchairs have given them a new life, as now they will not just lie in bed all day. they can now sit up, go outside for fresh air, and see their environment."
 






 

 read more















some of our partners

 

    error: embedded data could not be displayed.




over $24.7 million dollars in  war aid distributed since october 7th, 2023.over  $174 million dollars in aid distributed to the poor and needy in israel since 2000.















get involved



collaborate with us

past and current projects

war updates

volunteer

contact us

donate


















contact





































