







home | wilson county







































































skip to main content














doing businessdemographicstransportationtaxes & incentivessite selectionsites & buildingsworkforceliving hereour communityeducationhousinghealthcarecost of livingabout usoverviewcalendarexecutive committeeboard of directorsnewsreportscontact usour teamwilson works




doing business
demographics
transportation
taxes & incentives













site selection
sites & buildings
workforce













living here
our community
education
housing
healthcare
cost of living













about us
overview
executive committee
board of directors
calendar
news
reports













contact us
our team

















doing businessdemographicstransportationtaxes & incentivessite selectionsites & buildingsworkforceliving hereour communityeducationhousinghealthcarecost of livingabout usoverviewcalendarexecutive committeeboard of directorsnewsreportscontact usour teamwilson works




search



















why wilson?
wilson county is strategically located in the center of thriving middle tennessee with access to three interstates, rail and an international airport.  wilson county truly has something of interest for everyone.  from cumberland university to major corporate headquarters and state parks to modern suburbs, the county offers a dynamic mixture of opportunity, prosperity and experience. 
find out more






something's brewing in wilson county
there's a reason why wilson county is one of tennessee's premier places for smart developers.  because something's happening here.  and it includes the emerging trend towards mixed-use development for which we have the perfect blend of business ingredients.  using the perfect blend of business ingredients, we give you the opportunity to grow along with us.  take a closer look and you'll see where we're going.  it's called the future.





















​
© joint economic & community
development boards of wilson




200 aviation way
suite 202
lebanon, tn 37090
phone: 615.443.1210
fax: 615.443.0277




business climate
building & sites
place of life
about us
contact us












