



  



guidance helicopter training school













          
          your browser does not support the video tag.
          







home
about us
models
links


 



welcome






have you been trying to learn how to fly a plane? if so then the best way to do this is by contacting us at guidance helicopter training school. we are one of the best training schools when it comes to learning how to fly a helicopter or airplane. apart from this we also teach you about the basic nuances of taking up this as a professional career.
most people do not understand where to begin while they are deciding to take flying as a hobby. this is why we have established this organisation that will teach you all about flying planes and helicopters in the best possible way. apart from the basic training we also teach about the rules and regulations of the aviation industry.



on the other hand commercial flying is also in attractive way of establishing your career. if you too are interested in a similar career option then we can help you in approaching the opportunities that come your way. whether it is knowing about the different types of helicopters and planes in the industry old their specifications we can make sure that you get detailed information about everything.
not only this but we also make sure that you get taught by only the most renowned pilots in the industry which means that you can be rest assured that you will get the best training possible. being taught by these veterans will give you the confidence that you are looking for and will make you an excellent pilot yourself.









about us












who we are?
the company was established in 1998 and is an faa approved training school. we believe in following the most advanced technology to train our customers the best way of flying helicopters and airplanes. apart from this we also believe in providing them with unique opportunities where they can use this training to develop a career.
apart from this we also make sure that we have the perfect combination of educational approach as well as hands on training so that every individual can get proper knowledge about the industry. whenever a student enters our training course we make sure to provide them with a computer based training at first to keep it simple.







what we do?
as the student advances we make them familiar with different modes of training that eventually ends at flying a real plane. by doing so the safety level of every student is maintained throughout the course and we make sure that a candidate is able to fly a plane before making them go anywhere near a real one.
this step also helps in building the confidence of every student so that they know that they are capable enough of handling real machine. different instruments like stimulators also play an important role in making it easy for students to shift from a computer based training to real time training. 















helicopter types







for those of you who are new to the world of flying airplanes and helicopters here is a list of the different models that you can expect to see while you are trying to know more about the aviation industry. 









sikorsky r-4
most popular type of helicopters that you can fly once you join guidance training school is the sikorsky r4. this was the first usaf helicopter and was launched in 1942. it is used by the united states military for general rescuing purpose.







sikorsky h-5
this too is a popular sikorsky helicopter made by the same name corporation. it was introduced from 1947 to 1957 and there are only 300 remaining models of this particular helicopter. all of them are used by the state military. 















sikorsky r-6
one of the most prestigious helicopters of all time was the sikorsky r6 it was established in 1943 and was used during the world war ii. it comes into the category of vintage aircrafts and there are only few of them still left.







kellett r-8
the killett r8 is an experimental helicopter which was designed as a prototype during the program conducted in 1946. the aircraft has never been used and there are two helicopters of this type that still exist with the united states military.















bell h-13 sioux
if you are looking to know about the best observation helicopter than bell h13 sioux is the first name that comes to mind. it was introduced between 1946 to 1974 and these are the most commonly found helicopters today in the united states.











faa approved courses






knowing which type of course to choose is important to get proper training. every individual has a different set of needs and purpose for joining a helicopter and airplane training school which is why it is essential to identify the requirements. 
to give you a better idea of all the different courses that are available with us here is a list of faa approved training sessions. 



private pilot certification course
this certificate will allow you to act as a pilot for a single engine helicopter or aeroplane. this program is designed for those who do not want to opt for flying as a professional career and are doing it for their own self.










instrument rating certification course airplane
this course is for those students who have completed their basic pilot certification and expecting to get higher knowledge about the different skills and aeronautical experiences. this will allow you to operate an aircraft in meteorological conditions which is a must as per federal aviation administration rules. 










instrument rating certification course rotorcraft helicopter
this type of instrument rating course is for those pilots who are looking to learn about the different skills involved incline under meteorological conditions. if put in simple words this will teach you how to operate a helicopter during poor visibility that includes fog and clouds. 









updated schedule for the 2018-2019 season
					    
					  
new pilot training day schedule
guidance helicopter training school offers a full instructional schedule of engaging and equipping content.our most popular flight training package includes the following:
7am - arrive at the airfield, meet your instructors, meet your fellow trainees
7:30am - a wonderful continental breakfast with famous driven coffee (a trainee favorite!)
8:30am - initial prep, safety checks
9:00am - takeoff with your team and paired instructor for the day
10am - land, short bathroom and coffee break
10:15am - classroom training begins
12:15pm - break for lunch
1:00pm - resume classroom training
2:45pm -â short bathroom and coffee break
3:00pm - takeoff, trainee flying under instructor guidance
3:45pm - land, change trainee pilots, resume flight
4:45pm - land, brief re-cap in classroom
5:00pm - conclude our initial training program
throughout this intense training day you'll receive hands on piloting experience, extensive classroom, enjoy some amazing fresh roasted coffee, and make new lifelong friends along the way.
we also offer free high-speed wifi that's checked and tested by loadview-testing for optimum browsing performance!

  
					  
                      

contact

dan brown

54847 aviation way
santa fe, new mexico

flight@guidancehelicopters.com
web design & testing by web hosting professor







 
 

copyright © 2018 guidance helicopter training school







