














dover civil air terminal | civil air terminal

































						skip to main content
					





























main navigation
airport information
community information
business opportunities













      skip to main content
    





 

 

 

 










 



 






 





a joint military-civil use airport





the dover civil air terminal (cat) is a joint civil-military airport located at dover afb in dover, delaware. the cat is operated by the delaware river & bay authority under a joint-use agreement with dover afb and is the perfect alternative for for larger corporate and air carrier aircraft operators that cant use the drba's general aviation airport, delaware airpark airport (33n). dover afb's runway's are the longest in the state of delaware and serve as home to the 436th and 512th airlift wings. the cat is an faa far part 139 certificated airport.dover afb requires civil aircraft to have clearance to land at cat.


request clearance to land







 




 
about usthe dover civil air terminal, is one of five regional airports managed by the delaware river & bay authority (drba). cat is a civilian-use terminal and aircraft parking apron located adjacent to the dover air force base (dov) and is operated in accordance with a joint-use agreement (jua) with the united states air force. it is one of 10 joint-use military airfields with the air force nationwide. the jua permits civilian aircraft operators to land at dov with a prior permission request (ppr). aircraft operators may request a landing permit to use the terminal with advanced notice. 








 
locationthe civil air terminal dover is on the north side of dover air force base, with a separate, gated entrance. it is minutes away from delaware's capital city, dover. 



address
























	airport operations






address

 civil air terminal dover (cat)2199 horsepond roaddover, delaware 19901 




contact

 phone: (302) 571-6375dov-cat@drba.net


email






















airport information
community information
business opportunities




	maintained & operated by the drba



learn more



drba airports
delaware memorial bridge
veterans memorial park
cape may-lewes ferry
drba police


about drba
news & media
business
drba contacts
civil rights
sitemap




















