



a chosen generation


































 

sign up to receive our newsletter.




our culture says adulthood is the right to consume alcohol, watch “adult” movies and use “adult” language.   we have an entire culture of young people that crave significance, yet live in a time of confusion, violence and immorality.  how do they find their way out of “teenage never-never land” to become godly adults, able to lead the church of the future?
there is an astronomical amount of young people leaving the church in their high school and college years.   they deem the church as irrelevant and never connect with their local body of believers.   some return to the church when they have children of their own, but many never return.
yet it is common throughout the bible for people to receive their life calling and accomplish great things for the lord while they are in their teen years.  it is clear in scripture that young people are a vital part of the church’s present and future effectiveness.
how can we connect our young people to the church body in a significant way?
how can we help them become strong leaders that walk in confidence as godly adults?
at a chosen generation, we are committed to helping your church do just that!







if you passed the baton… take it back! (9 hours including lunch)
churches across america are struggling with how to engage their “seniors.” many churches have chosen to marginalize theminstead of empowering them. the greatest asset most churches have within their church family is going untapped.
target: pastor, church and ministry leaders, and seniors.





as you think about the importance of this training, please consider a few key findings from our research and others:

currently in many churches across the nation, we have 6.5% more teenagers in our congregations than seniors. yet in our culture we have 65% more seniors than teenagers.


as individuals become seniors, often their purpose shifts from success to significance and many of them are not finding the opportunity for significance in the local church.


combine that last point the fact, 10,000 baby boomers are reaching the age of 65 each and every day. an incredible potential army in any church.


while it may not seem that important, many churches operate off the financial support of seniors, who represent the last generation who are able to spell the word “tithe.”


finally, if you want to reach, disciple and deploy teenagers/young adults, “baby boomers” are most likely to reach the younger generations than any other age group at this time.




click here to order the new book!
buy now!

various packages available!
 
if you passed your baton…take it back is written by 45 authors from age 19 to 85.
it includes chapters by men, women, young adults, fathers, mothers, grandparents, students,
pastors, ministry leaders and community leaders.
it is one of the most significant resources for seniors in many years.
each section includes study guide for personal reflection or group study.
read the introduction if you passed your baton…take it back 



with each passing day, more and more young people are walking away from the faith. parents can help preserve this generation by lovingly directing their children toward godly rites of passage and, ultimately, godly adulthood. dr. chuck stecker has devoted his life and ministry to this cause, and this book is his personal exhortation to parents who want their children to be men of honor; women of virtue.
click here to order this book.












listen to chuck in his recent radio interviews on man2man express. click on the .mp3 links below.
…

what is intergenerational ministry? (10-12-2009) listen
no baton but a mantle of
leadership (10-13-2009) listen 
marks of an intergenerational church (10-14-2009) listen 
men and intergenerational ministry (10-15-2009) listen
rites of passage in the local church (10-16-2009) listen




click on this link to see a powerful video in which chuck stecker
shows us the importance of receiving the father’s blessing.



have you ever prayed for your waiter or waitress in a restaurant? learn how to live out your faith in the world that surrounds you. 
click on this link to see a video featuring chuck stecker
entitled “how to pray for your server.”

a chosen generation believes strongly in protecting the sanctity of our families. the internet is a huge threat to our purity and integrity. covenant eyes accountability service monitors website visits and emails a report to your accountability partners. our filter blocks objectionable material from your computer. covenant eyes protects families from harmful and offensive websites.
receive a free 30 day trial of covenant eyes
for excellent free help resources visit: www.covenanteyes.com/blog




















 








designed by sheridan productions.











