






 



home - park region



























































































skip to content



 (218) 826‑6161  or  (800) 247‑2706 live prtvabout prtv live prtv1 live prtv2  about usabout us & our mission news careers our leadership team board of directors community & donations  careers supportsupport home support portal techhome internet speed test network notifications zoom    financial assistance bill pay webmail prtv-about-supportfacebook page opens in new window
contact us



park region


internethigh-speed internet mysafetnet techhome wi-fi at the campground  prtvnow! phone business 




 
internethigh-speed internet mysafetnet techhome wi-fi at the campground  prtvnow! phone business 










mysafetnet puts you in control of your network.
click here for more 
										 



choose the solution that’s best for you!
click here for more 
										 


life. we're here for you.
high speed internet to fit your life
click here for more 
										 

















internet








prtvnow!








phone








business








techhome





internet





fast wi-fi internet service for your home—it’s what we do. join us as we transform our region into a rural technology hub with an advanced fiber-to-the-home communication system. talk to us today!


shop for internet services speed calculator setup videos & instructions 


business





whatever your size, we’re ready with complete business technology solutions including: high-speed internet, phone service, secure business-grade wi-fi, networking, hardware, maintenance, and repairs. plus our deep community roots give you local expertise you can’t get anywhere else.


shop for business services 


phone




park region telephone and otter tail telcom are proud to provide reliable phone service to the region.  we’re ready to keep you connected.


shop for phone services 


bill pay





we use payment service network to process our payments and post bills. psn has been certified as maintaining the highest level of security as required by the credit card industry.


more about online bill pay 


prtvnow!





the best video experience available. prtvnow! includes all your favorite channels with a wide selection of local programming including high-school sports, college and pro sports, family, entertainment, children’s programs, educational and general interest shows with the ease and convenience of a streaming service.


shop for television services setup videos & instructions 


techhome




protect desktop computers and mobile devices with web security, anti-theft features and a password manager.


more about techhome 


mysafetnet





with mysafetnet you will not only have the latest and greatest in wi-fi technology, but you will also have the ability to manage your wi-fi experience while adding a layer of protection to your home network.


more about mysafetnet setup videos & instructions 


support





internet, tv, and telephone technical support is available when you need it. help is free via telephone. representatives will assist you with setting up your internet account, tv’s, and/or troubleshooting ‘internet related’ computer problems, and ‘tv service’ related issues.


access support 
about us



we offer high-speed internet and wi-fi, business technology solutions, home automation, phone, and prtvnow! streaming services. the difference is as a cooperative, everything we do is for you and the community—investing in fiber-to-the-home technology and serving locally.  services are available in the communities of rothsay, browns valley, underwood, dalton, elizabeth, erhard, fergus falls, battle lake, vining, ashby, and surrounding areas.


more about us careers board of directors 










park region telephone
po box 277 – 100 main street n
underwood, mn 56586phone
218 826 6161

800-247-2706fax
218-826-6298otter tail telcom
230 w lincoln ave
fergus falls, mn 56537phone
218-998-2000
888-716-8837
fax
218-998-2050valley telephone
call  800-247-2706
for 24 hour service and repairrothsay telephone
call  800-247-2706
for 24 hour service and repairservices high-speed internet prtvnow! phone business solutions 








					© park region telephone co. all rights reserved. | policies & notices


live prtvabout prtv live prtv1 live prtv2  about usabout us & our mission news careers our leadership team board of directors community & donations  careers supportsupport home support portal techhome internet speed test network notifications zoom    financial assistance bill pay webmail prtv-about-support







go to top





				select location			



reset location

change location button shown

select park region services


 select otter tail urban services


 select otter tail rural services


 select rothsay services


 select valley services

   

links to pages

view park region services


view otter tail urban services


view otter tail rural services


view rothsay services


view valley services


			×			













































































