






 



performance solar - unleash your home's potential






























































skip to content



(760) 594-0820facebook page opens in new window


performance  solar
unleash your home’s potential

about us service and installation servicesservice and installation solar electric solar pool heating  contact 

search:











 
about us service and installation servicesservice and installation solar electric solar pool heating  contact 









saving you money with solar electric 
							let the sun work
in your favor 
							we can help you save money on your energy bill. 
solar works! solar saves you money. 
							learn more about saving with solar 
							

 



best in solar pool heating 
							go solar with 
							installation and service done right!
enjoy a warm solar heated pool. 
							performance solar inc. 
							
see our services 
							 


we are #1 when it comes to solar 
							performance solar inc.  
							
solar pool heating 
							solar electric 
							solar service 
							1 
							

2 
							3 
							get a free estimate 
							work guaranteed 
							 














performance solar






what we do


generate your own electricity


solar energy is a perpetual and renewable energy source. performance solar inc. harnesses this energy for powering your solar water and many other devices.


enjoy your pool


solar pool heating is our specialty. swimming in cold water is not the way to enjoy your pool. with solar, you can enjoy a warm pool for up to 10 months.


professional experience


with over 25 years of experience you’re going get quality service, expert knowledge, and skills that will get the job done right. it will be money well spent.


free estimates


because we understand cost, we offer free estimates so there is not surprises when it comes to price. our prices are fair and competitive. get a free estimate today!


learn about our servicesperformance solar inc.saving on energy one pool at a time


what matters to us at performance solar inc., is that you save money on your electric bill. heating your pool can get very expensive but with solar you can … you will save money. call us today and let us show you how we do it.


learn how to heat your pool with solar(760) 594-0820we are local


escondido

keeping pools heated in southern california


our office is located in escondido. we cover san diego, orange county, riverside and los angeles county.
san diego county:
480 corporate drive
escondido, ca 92029
ca license # – csl789106






what our customers are sayingbobbie and scottwe love the 85+ degree water temperature!
the cooper familythe solar heated pool is great … our family is spending more time together at home. thank you performance solar!
daniellawith the water being so warm, i don’t want to get out of the pool.
the rex familyour kids would  never go into the pool before because it was ‘too cold.’ now we cannot get them out of it. thanks to performance solar, there staff was friendly and did a great job.
the hansensnow we swim daily for our health in our own pool.
su mei and leiit’s our favorite time of the day together.
we offer free estimatescontact us today!get a free estimate today










 you will get your money worth with performance solar. why? because we share your concerns about the current energy crisis and the high cost of gas and electricity. save energy while saving money. furthermore, spend more time at home in your heated pool with solar. 
learn about us
contact infomationphone:(760) 594-0820our office:480 corporate drive
escondido, ca 92029email:contact@performancesolar.comfind us on:facebook page opens in new windowquick links free estimates solar electric 








					copyright © 2025 performance solar inc, all rights reserved.
                

♥ website design by pure media marketing.








go to top


the owner of this website has made a commitment to accessibility and inclusion, please report any problems that you encounter using the contact form on this website. this site uses the wp ada compliance check plugin to enhance accessibility.
























































