

















library | salem, va








  















skip to main content






















 












search







 
 
 


    how do i...      government      business      departments      community  


 

 

 

 

 





 















 
homedepartmentslibrary












library		






don't miss your favorite library program! click here to receive our monthly calendar of events emailed directly to your inbox!



 
 
 













qigong for life: free mindful movement classes register here for friday, feb. 21stlearn how to reinvigorate your mind and body with peaceful movement in our free qigong classes, led by spring forest qigong-certified instructor teruyo mercer! qigong has roots in ancient chinese medicine, philosophy, and martial arts. it involves a system of movements and practices that coordinate body, breath, and mind, thus optimizing "vital energy". this practice can be cultivated at any age and with any physical capability - sitting, standing, or lying down - with any equipment.note: meets every friday at 1pm in february, march, and april *except* march 7th and 21st.









want to hear from award winning, ny times bestselling authors? register for our virtual author talks!next up: i am nobody's slavean author talk with pulitzer prize finalist lee hawkinstuesday, feb. 18th at 2pmregister here to watch from home!









the wait is over! hoopla is here! instantly borrow up to five digital movies, ebooks/eaudiobooks, comics, music, and more --- 24/7 each month with your library card! with hoopla’s instant collection, every title you see is available instantly. no holds, no waits!each month you'll receive five digital checkouts.get started!









we have an exciting new resource! pressreader offers unlimited access to more than 7,000 local, national, and international newspapers and magazines from around the world, featuring international news in a browsable and visual format from 120 countries in 60 languages. click here and click "sign in" and select the "library or group" option.select "salem public library" and sign in with your library card number and pin. optionally, download the pressreader app for apple ios or android for use on mobile devices here.













  
 
 













facebook
twitter
pinterest
delicious
blogger
linkedin






 
 
 








 
 
 





 






contact us



library
email the library


physical address
view map 
28 east main street
salem, va 24153








28 east main street  salem va 24153


directions


phone: 540-375-3089
fax: 540-389-7054


hours:monday through thursday10 am to 8 pmfriday through saturday10 am to 5 pm





  
 
 



 





ebooks & more




account & catalog




events calendar




research




youth services





barks & books 




youth book clubs






friends of salem library





donate to the friends of salem library 




fosl membership form




meeting minutes




newsletters




email the friends of salem library 






contact us




about us & policies





local history




policies




library children's garden




obtain a library card






library programs





information for older adults





healthy aging resources




resilient library newsletter & aging in place workbook






library book clubs




seed library






services





computer classes




interlibrary loans




fax, internet & wifi




notary public




tax forms




reserve meeting and study rooms




mobile printing




salem public library visit request form




salem library sponsored program proposal






special collections





musical instruments




birding and va state park nature backpacks




garden tools




telescope




binoculars




tablets




portable cd player






resources for older adults





 





 



 















 






  













 






  
 


  








    





 

  
 



  
 














city of salem
 




city hall
 




114 n. broad street
 




salem, va 24153
 




phone: 540-375-3000
 






  
 


  












home







site map







contact us







accessibility







login







privacy policy









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®



 
 
 












loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close




















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









