





sunriver - bend vacation home rentals, sharc, pet friendly | mountain resort properties















facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
webcam


541-593-8685
email
sunriver, or





why choose mrp?








property search

advanced search
all homes & condos
alphabetical list
family reunions
free unlimited sharc 2025
list of all properties
long term rentals
pet friendly rentals



specials

guest rewards
buy 2 nights, stay 4 nights
third night free
fourth night free
enter to win!
mt. bachelor ski deals
military & first responders



attractions

aquatics (sharc)
area attractions
food & drink
golf
groceries
medical services
recreational activities
rental equipment
shopping - retail
spa, beauty & fitness



about

about central oregon
about sunriver, oregon
about us
events
faqs
join our newsletter
join our team
our blog
real estate buyers / sellers
sunriver map
sunriver weather
testimonials
travel insurance



management services

guest portal (login)
looking for a new property manager?
new to vacation rentals?
owner login
why choose us?
property management faq's
property management testimonials


contact
owner login






















arrival date



departure date



sleep capacity

choose sleep capacity
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16



dates flexible?

choose flexible dates
no
yes



must haves

choose must haves
free sharc access
sr fitness & aquatics access
hot tub
wi-fi
air conditioning
pet friendly
no pets allowed



advanced search
























browse ourlodging specials

browse specials









guest rewards and discount card

view rewards









looking for something to do? 

area attractions









come for a vacation and stay for the lifestyle

search real estate









enter now for a chance to win a free sunriver vacation!





leave this field empty 

















click here to view past winners and contest rules






guest testimonials view all






tweets by mtresortdotcom 






sunriver vacation rental faq's










how do i get to your office?





mountain resort properties is located in the sunriver village area. our address is 57084 grizzly ln. take the 3rd right off of beaver dr.
from hwy. 97, travel approximately two miles to sunriver's main entrance (abbot dr). follow abbot dr. for about 1/10 mile, then turn right onto beaver dr. we are the third driveway on the right off beaver dr. for a sunriver map - click here!







what are your office hours? 





mountain resort properties is open from 9:00am to 4:00pm monday thru friday, and 9:00am to 4:00pm saturday and sunday.  we are closed on both thanksgiving & christmas day(s).  
in case of an after hours emergency, please contact us at 541-593-8685.  listen to the voice message in order to obtain the telephone number of the after hours person on call. emergencies only please.
office hours are subject to change and may vary based on season and/or holidays.







what time is check in/check out? 





check in is at 4:30 pm. check out is at 11:00 am. check in time may be delayed during peak season dates. early check in may be available during non-peak season dates depending on scheduling, housekeeping, etc.







what if we arrive after closing? 





we do have after hours check in. if you are not here by closing, refer to the confirmation email sent from mountain resort properties. be sure to bring your paperwork because it contains all the information you need to access your bend/sunriver vacation rental.
if you do have an after hours emergency, please call (541) 593-8685. listen to the voice message for the contact number of the person on call.







how old do i have to be to rent your homes/condos?





the registered guest must be 21 years of age or older. the registered guest must provide a valid i.d. at the time of check in. subletting of vacation rental(s) is prohibited.







what about housekeeping service? 





mountain resort properties cleans prior to your arrival, and again after you leave. guests are provided with a bundle of starter supplies.  starter supplies include a roll of paper towels, toilet paper, trash bags, dishwasher pods, liquid dish soap, and laundry soap. sunriver has two grocery stores: one is located in the village mall, and the second is located off of cottonwood road.
starter supplies are subject to change w/out notice.







what is expected of the renter upon departure? 





general pickup is required of the renter. however, if the renter strips beds and/or starts the dishwasher, it is greatly appreciated. secure the property by making sure all doors & windows are closed and locked, turning off all lights, and returning the heat to 55°, and auto. make sure all small appliances (including oven, stove, barbecue, etc.) are turned off.
sharc passes (if applicable): please leave sharc passes in the house/condo, and return them to the hook where you originally found them. please note that there is a $75 fee for each pass not returned at or before check out.
bring all keys signed out at check in back to the rental office (57084 grizzly ln.).  please leave the hot tub/pool keys on the kitchen counter in your unit.
for your convenience, mountain resort properties has an after hours drop box located at the front of our office.







what is included with the home? 





kitchen cooking utensils, dishes and silverware, coffee maker, linens, and towels are provided. mountain resort also provides a starter supply of hand and dishwasher soap, laundry detergent, toilet paper, paper towels, and garbage bags. additional items may be purchased as needed by guests at either one of our sunriver stores.  
the renter provides all personal items, edibles (this includes condiments & spices), and foil or saran wrap.







what is the cancellation policy?





cancellation 60 days, or less, prior to your arrival will result in the loss of all monies paid, unless we can rebook the home/condo for the same dates. if we are able to rebook your vacation rental, there will be a $50.00 cancellation/handling fee.
cancellation 61 days, or more, prior to your arrival will result in a $50.00 cancellation/handling fee.
since the weather & the risk for forest fires are beyond our control, we cannot give refunds due to inclement weather and/or smoke created by a forest fire.  
have you purchased travel insurance (trip protection)?  verify what is covered and make sure it is right for you!
 
 **all reservations booked on or after january 1, 2021, are subject to the cancellation policy as described above.  if mountain resort properties is not allowed to take guests on the dates of your travel due to government mandate, you can request that we hold the funds paid on account as a credit  to be used at a later date as long as it’s within 12 months of the original travel dates.







can we have an extra person (or child) sleep on the floor/sofa in sleeping bags?





unfortunately, no (unless they're three years of age or younger).
sunriver and deschutes county (5.12.020) have occupancy ordinances designed to keep sunriver the place you'd like to come back to. it is designed not to overtax the water, sewage, road, and other systems required in maintaining a smooth flowing environment. only the number of people stated in the description of the property, and on the postings in the home, are permitted to sleep in the home.
violation of the maximum overnight occupancy is a class b infraction, and subjects each occupant to a maximum of a $100.00 fine. per owner contracts, maximum occupancy may be less than allowed by deschutes county occupancy ordinance.







where do i park my rv/boat/trailer? 





we do have short-term storage available for two weeks or less in our rv storage yard. we have north and south yards available. 
to obtain a space, pricing, etc. contact the sunriver owners association (sroa) office at 541-593-2411. arrangements can also be made by email, or over the phone with either a visa or mastercard prior to your arrival. you will have access to the storage yard 24 hours a day. please have the length of what you will be storing available when you call, as we have different size spaces available.
the easiest process for reservations is to access their short term reservation system on their website at sunriver onwers online reservations.







what if we lose a personal item?





mountain resort properties is not responsible for lost or stolen items. however, we do keep any items we find in our homes for 30 days to be claimed. all lost items can be returned to their owner. to return an item, it is the postage cost + $10.00.  this will be billed to the credit card on file.







what if something in the home doesn't work or is broken?





simply call the front desk and let us know. while we can't guarantee equipment function 100% (i.e. hot tub, bikes, microwave, etc.), repairs to malfunctioning equipment will be done as soon as possible. we will attempt to fix any problems in a timely manner, and within our means.







what if we lose a key and/or sharc pass?





there is a $20.00 lost key charge for each house key not returned to to the management office upon check out. please leave the hot tub key in the house or condo near the telephone, or on the kitchen counter.
there is a $100.00+ lost sharc pass charge for each sharc pass not returned to the vacation rental upon check out. 
for your convenience, mountain resort properties has an after hours drop box located at the front of our office.







can we bring our pet?





yes! we have several homes that allow pets. there is a one time nonrefundable pet fee of $50.00 per pet. we allow a maximum of two pets (price subject to change).
pets are allowed only in designated pet-approved homes and condos.







do the homes/condos have cable?





yes! we provide each of our homes and condos with cable and/or access to streaming services.  guest is responsible for logging into their own accounts (i.e. netflix, max, disney, youtube tv, sling, etc.). 
please remember to logout of your account prior to departure.







are there phones in the homes/condos?





phones are available in many of our homes. for your convenience, we offer free local calling in all rentals with provided telephones.







is high speed internet available?





we do have high speed internet (wifi) in most of our vacation rental homes and condos. look at the property description under "amenities" for details.
homes and condos providing internet can also be found by selecting "wi-fi" under the "must haves" tab while searching for available properties and web searching.







is there a bbq?





yes! gas bbq's, along with propane, are provided unless otherwise noted in the unit description. we are available to refill your empty propane tank between the hours of 9:00am and 3:30pm 7 days a week (excluding christmas day). if your tank is empty and you plan to bbq, please contact our front desk at 541-593-8685.
charcoal bbq's are not permitted in sunriver due to the threat of fire. 
bbq use is not available during the winter months, as they are put away and stored safely from winter weather (i.e. snow, ice, etc.).







are there bikes included with the rental?





many of our homes/condos include bikes. however, we do recommend bringing your own bikes whenever possible, as bikes are not guaranteed, and are subject to change and downtime w/out notice. should you arrive and a bike is in need of repair, please notify our office and we will make every attempt to have it repaired.
there are also bike rental shops located in and around sunriver. we can provide you with discounts (guest rewards) on bike rentals with select sunriver shops.
perferred rental equipment partner: 
sunrivertoyhousetoys.com - guest rewards: save up to 30%







what is sunriver and what is there to do? 





sunriver is a resort community approximately 3300+ acres. sunriver has two 18-hole championship golf courses, 29 outdoor tennis court, sharc pool/tubing hill, marina/canoeing, riding stables, 35+ miles of paved bike paths, nature center, observatory, bird watching, white water rafting, restaurants, shopping and so much more!
the deschutes river boarders the west side of sunriver for 5+ miles. sunriver is surrounded by the deschutes national forest, and is only only 18 miles from mt. bachelor.
other activities within an hour or two (most less) of sunriver include the high desert museum, lava river caves, lava butte, lava cast forest, crater lake, smith rock, and more!




view all faq's | click here





sign up for our newsletter!




leave this field empty 























physical address:57084 grizzly ln.sunriver, or 97707
mailing address: po box 3508sunriver, oregon 97707

800-346-6337541-593-8685
email us



google maps


site map navigation


property search

search all properties
advanced search
list of all properties

about

about sunriver, oregon
about mrp
our blog
faqs
testimonials
travel insurance
owner login



specials
management services

overview
new to vacation rentals
looking for a new pm
owner login
guest login
long term rentals

attractions

sunriver map
sunriver toy house

contact







click here to go back to top

privacy policy |
experiencesunriver.com |
www.sunrivertoyhousetoys.com |
©1989 - 2025 mountain resort properties |
website design by intercoastal net designs































