






php[architect] | the site for php professionals, magazine, training, books, conferences






























 















































































































































































magazine

subscribe
advertise with us
cranking phpstan to 10 – january 2025
time for php – december 2024
lounging around with php – november 2024
the symfony of php – november 2024
past issues
write for us
editorial guidelines


books

all books
write for us
the complementary php testing tools cookbook
php web development with mysql
beyond laravel
php development with windows subsystem for linux (wsl)
wordpress development in depth
the grumpy programmer’s guide to testing php applications
the fizz buzz fix
the dev lead trenches


swag

php architect elephpant
laravel elephpant
all swag


services

consulting


conferences

php[tek]


podcast

php[podcast]
phproundtable




register
login
 

 














want to check out an issue? sign up to receive a special offer.
close
















php[architect]
professional development for web developers: books, magazine, podcasts, events and more.




php tek 2025 tickets now on saleregister today 


stay in touch!






join to the php[architect] announcements list today to get notified of a new issue, book release, or upcoming event.want to check out an issue? sign up to receive a special offer. 




email address

 

authors

magazine



customers

training

conference

phptek13

phptek08

phptek09

phptek10

phptek11

phptek12

works08

phptek14

world2014

phptek15

phptek16

world2015

world2016

cruise2016



magazine

current

past

autorenew



world2016












in the magazine



cranking phpstan to 10
january 2025



a new year often comes with new goals, ideas, and plans for the future. we start with the best intentions to achieve all of those things; however, somewhere between the end of january and springtime, we have lost all motivation to keep them up. hmmm…that timing makes me think of something… the tek 25 conference falls at the end of spring. making it the perfect opportunity to get back to those goals you set at the beginning of the year. keep your skills fresh, and have a good time while you’re at it! in the meantime, check out these great articles to keep the learning going for now.

view articles



time for php
december 2024



lounging around with php
november 2024



view all past issues »

books
view all books »


the complementary php testing tools cookbook




learn how a grumpy programmer approaches improving his own codebase, including all of the tools used and why.


learn more...



php web development with mysql




a hands on approach to application programming


learn more...



beyond laravel




an entrepreneur's guide to building effective software


learn more...





php[podcast]
all episodes »





the php podcast: 2025.02.13

 - february 13, 2025
listen






community corner: php tek 2025 with john congdon

 - february 4, 2025
listen






the php podcast 2025.01.09: knock it out of the phpark

 - january 30, 2025
listen





articles and news
more news


phpstan 2.0 released
february 13, 2025




phpstan 2.0 was released last quarter, and it brings a plethora of great changes. if you are not already using phpstan and you’d like to but could use some outside help, please contact us, and we can discuss a short-term engagement to help implement it. some of the bigger changes include a new level.  level […]


read



a treasure trove of powerful features





lesser-known php features in the realm of php, developers often underexploit a treasure trove of powerful features. on a recent episode of the php podcast, we had a great discussion about a blog post titled “php’s hidden treasures: 10 powerful features you didn’t know you needed” by @hiadeveloper which sheds light on some of these […]


read



adding to the herd
february 11, 2025




how it started i am not aware of anyone who doesn’t know that php’s mascot is an elephpant, created by vincent pontier back in 1998. most “serious” php developers have at least one elephpant in the home somewhere. making the herd stronger i’m not sure how much you have been keeping up with what’s coming […]


read



a guide to laravel pipelines
february 6, 2025




  laravel is known for its elegant approach to structuring complex logic. i’ve been using laravel since the release of laravel 4, and it has pretty consistently added new helpful features to every release, to the point where i myself discovering new features all the time that i haven’t used. pipelines are just one of […]


read



a curated list of must-have tui applications
february 5, 2025




for those of us who live and breathe the command line, there’s something undeniably satisfying about well-crafted tui (text-based user interface) applications. whether you’re managing servers, editing files, or just want a slicker way to interact with your system without touching a mouse, tuis offer speed, efficiency, and often a bit of nostalgia. that’s where […]


read



faster database performance with denormalization
january 28, 2025




database denormalization for performance in the past, we’ve discussed using methods to normalize our database to reduce data redundancy and decrease bugs. one downside to normalizing our database is that there can be performance problems as we interact with this normalized data at scale. we may have to join several tables to get the data […]


read



using php 8.4’s lazy objects
january 27, 2025




﻿ one of the more interesting features added to php 8.4 is the ability to create lazy objects. lazy objects allow us to defer the initialization of an object until one of its properties is accessed. this may not be a game-changer for the average crud application, but it will allow us to make some […]


read



using the log facade to debug production bugs in laravel 11
january 16, 2025




one of the features of laravel that makes it a real joy to work with is its built-in logging functionality. this can be a real boon if we’re trying to troubleshoot a problem in production because we can safely log information about running processes without worrying about it affecting our users. the downside is that […]


read






accessing backend system…
we're sorry, but your session has expired due to inactivity. please use your browser to refresh this page and log in to our system again.
message goes here.
message goes here.
message goes here.
message goes here.





about us

what we do
contact us
write for us
faq
logo download



policies & legal

customer support
privacy & cookie policy
refund policy
code of conduct
terms & conditions




online store

magazine
training courses
books



special sections

php[tek] conference
php[world] conference



php[architect]


follow us on:

@phparch on twitter
facebook
linkedin






copyright © 2002-2025 php architect, llc. — all amounts in usd









