





pedstest online - kids developmental screening tools









































intro
features
overview
reviews
pricing
faq's
trial
contact






sign in 


professional login
professional admin login
parent portal login








































online developmental & behavioral screening for kids

highly accurate, validated online tools providing developmental and behavioral screening plus ongoing surveillance.











































choose the one that describes you best






provider
if you are a provider and have an active peds online account, click here.









portal parents
if you are a parent and your provider has asked you to complete these tests, click here to login









self-paying parents
if you are a parent with concerns about your child and have not been sent here by a provider.











features
pedstest online provides screening and assessment tools to identify children with developmental-behavioral-mental health problems from birth to age 8, via our online screening service, peds online
peds online offers a secure, real-time solution for administering peds, peds:dm (screening or assessment level) and the optional m-chat-r electronically.

instant, automated (error-free!) scoring
creates a unique record for each encounter
produces a downloadable/printable report of scored results
generates a summary report for families
generates billing and procedure codes 
produces referral letters for sharing with other providers
integrates with any ehr 
licensing includes print versions of peds in multiple languages (currently 60+, in case these are needed for waiting/exam rooms)
can be used from multiple locations
full administration panel for searching & editing completed screens















overview






provider
if you are one of the following (primary care, head start/early head start programs, preschools, daycare, school-based health clinics, nicu/ei follow-up, intake, & research)
                                you can sign up for a free trial!


trial sign-up





parent portal
if you have an active peds online account, you can send your parents here to log in with your portal user credentials. if you are a parent and your provider has asked you to complete peds tools for your child, click here to log in. 


parent-portal log-in





self paying parent
if you are a parent or caretaker and have concerns about your child, you can click 'start test' button to take 2 screening and assessment measures.
                                you’ll be provided with a report that you can take to your primary care provider or pediatrician. the measures you’ll be taking are peds+ peds:dm-assessment level and will take approximately 20 minutes to complete. 


start test













                    who uses pedstest online
                

pedstest online currently provides  validated screening and assessment level tools to customers around the world.  clients include pediatric offices, early childhood education and intervention programs, state and local organizations, research professionals, and also individual parents.
we have an active translation department with screening tests available in over 60 languages while also offering online screening tools in english, spanish, & chinese.
we welcome your inquiries, and would be happy to discuss how best to implement screening tools in your business.








0
+
peds tools are used in over 100 countries & all 50 us states




0
+
peds tools are available in 60+ different languages




0
%
customer satisfaction rate







user reviews






wellchild has had a great experience since we set our contract with pedstest online. it is great that they have the forms translated into so many different languages. good documentation, test scoring and referral forms generation.
                        i strongly recommend this site to everyone.



marisleydy sanchezcao - wellchild






the peds online tool is part of a statewide initiative that connects children and their families to health, educational and social services. the initiative works in collaboration with several community-based maternal and child health organizations with the aim of increasing the percentage of children screened during routine well child visits.



matt denndelaware lt. governor






dr. glascoe and pedstest online have been instrumental in providing research related support and collaboration in support of our organization and it’s endeavors throughout the years.

                            i can confidently recommend the services of pedstest online and it’s entire staff. 
                           
                        



maribel marinexecutive director - 211la county










pricing
please answer a few questions about your organization and screening needs. we will provide more detailed pricing information for peds online shortly.











frequent asked questions






what exactly is pedstest online?

pedstest online provides online screening & assessment tests. screening tests are brief tools that sort children who probably have delays in development, learning, and behavior from children who probably don't.
                                screens do not give a diagnosis but only tell whether there is a reasonable chance of a problem. so screening tests can quickly and inexpensively give you advice and direction about whether more testing, services or parent education are likely to be needed.



who can take peds screening & assessment tests?

peds is for children from birth up to 8 years of age.



why is screening a good idea?

it is important to act fast and get help when it is needed. there are services that help parents learn how to help their children. and there are services to help children overcome or minimize their problems.
                                waiting keeps parents worried. when children have difficulties, waiting can make things worse. children and families do better when problems are detected early and treated quickly. so, it is important to have your child's learning and behavior tested each time you see your child's health giver. this is strongly urged by the american academy of pediatrics and many other leading organizations.



what tools does pedstest online provide?

parents' evaluation of developmental status (peds), peds: developmental milestones (peds:dm), peds:dm assessment level (peds:dm-al) are three highly accurate, validated tools providing developmental screening and behavioral screening plus ongoing surveillance. for children over 18 months and under 5 years of age m-chat-r is included in the tests. to know more check about peds tools



how does pedstest online work?

peds listens to parents! peds is a series of questions written and researched by faculty in the departments of pediatrics at vanderbilt and penn state universities. 
                                peds was developed by working with more than 1000 children and their parents from all around the united states in four separate research studies published in national journals of pediatrics and early childhood education. in the studies, children were given peds plus diagnostic tests including iq, language, emotional and social skills, fine and gross motor skills and so forth. parents' answers to peds questions were then compared to the results of the diagnostic test batteries. peds does not identify specific problems such as autism, learning disabilities, speech-language impairments, mental retardation, or cerebral palsy. only diagnostic testing can do this. neverthless, peds identifies which children probably have such problems. peds also tells which children probably do not have problems



how does the peds online parent portal work?

the peds online parent portal allows parents to take the peds, peds:dm, and m-chat-r measures self-guided prior to well visits. there are multiple ways to utilize the peds online parent portal; sending parents directly to our site with your parent portal login information, including a link to the peds online parent portal on your website, in-office kiosks/tablets, etc. a brief tutorial video on the parent portal (& other peds online features) is located at: pedstestonline brief guide



how do you store data?

data is stored on the site under each licensed user's agreement and unique license number. we use this for usage counting, billing, and annual reporting of screens administered and results. peds online is a secure site, utilizing ssl, anonymized data, and following hipaa guidelines where phi is concerned. please contact us for more details on how we protect your data!



do you share our data with researchers?

we do not share pediatric encounter data with researchers without seeking permission from providers. if granted, we share only anonymized data.
for self-selected parents who come to the site outside of health care encounters, we reserve the right to share data, but again, only anonymized data is shared and researchers must provide appropriate irb approval. researchers who want to use the site for prospective data collection only have the right to use their own data, again with irb approval, but are not allowed to use other site data.



what else does pedstest online offer?

the site offers automated scoring, generates summary reports for parents, referral letters when needed, and icd-10 and procedure codes to optimize billing. the site is easy to use, eliminates the need for hand-scoring and referral letter writing, and works well with or without electronic records. each licensee has a unique administration panel that facilitates quality improvement initiatives and research. the test data is exportable and can be added to existing databases.




















start free trial now - 30 days
3 test screens, or 30 days after your application is approved.






sign-up for trial account











professional section

×






simplified online screenings
the peds online professional section enables providers to administer peds and peds:dm via interview or tele-health visits. with instant, automated scoring there is no waiting for results or decisions on next steps. parent summary reports and referral letters are also automatically generated saving valuable time spent report writing.  
                    


gives option to choose from multiple languages
instant, automated (error-free!) scoring
produces a downloadable/printable report of scored results
generates billing and procedure codes






                      the peds online professional section offers english, spanish, and chinese as language options for test administration. parent summary reports and referral letters (if needed) are automatically generated along with billing/procedure codes. reports can always be accessed for download through the myadmin section of peds online. 
                    





close









portal section

×






let parents complete peds tools self-guided prior to well-visits
the peds online parent portal allows parents quick & easy access to peds online from anywhere on any device. parents can complete peds & peds:dm screening tests on their own from home or in the office via tablets or kiosks. 
                    


works anywhere anytime
secured login for the parent portal
questions appear in easy to use multi step format
no direct access of reports to parents
email notification right away when a new test is complete






                      the peds online parent portal will work anywhere there is internet access. parents can take the tests at their own pace at home, in the office at check-in or while in the waiting room…whatever works for your practice! once completed, an email notification is generated and results can be accessed via the myadmin section.
                    





close









myadmin section

×






manage your account & data
the peds online myadmin section contains all screens submitted under your account, effectively creating a longitudinal database of your patients. the myadmin is also where to go for peds online account management including updating passwords & contact information as well as analyzing the data collected for your practice. screens submitted via the parent portal can also be accessed via the myadmin page. 
                    


search, modify, delete screens
manage portal account & sub-accounts.
can be configured to have two step security (password + pin)
download data extracts in excel format
data analytics for viewing screens in various formats, including graphs. 
update contact information and manage passwords.






                      whether operating a single-site clinic, a state-wide initiative or a large hospital system, the peds online myadmin section handles data and account administration needs seamlessly. account management, security, searching, tracking and editing screens are all easily managed through your myadmin account.
                    





close









trial section

×






free trial account for 30 days
you can sign up for a free pedstest online trial account. trial account gives you an ability to try all the tests and features of our online application.  
                    


no credit card required
all features same as billed account
access to myadmin and portal section
can be converted to billed acccount anytime






                        trial account lasts for 30 days or 3 screens; whichever finishes first.
                        sign up for trial account






close









self selected parents section

×






online screening for self-paying parents
  
                        this section is for families who are wondering whether their children are having difficulties with learning, developing, and behaving. 
                        taking the online test will help you find out whether your child needs additional testing, what kind of testing is needed, and what services may be helpful. 
                    


screening tests helps identify probable problems
instant report generation
online payment via credit / debit card






                        the peds:dm-al is a mid-level assessment measure of development, social-emotional and mental health and will help you determine if your child does or does not need further diagnostic testing. the two short screening tests, peds and the m-chat-r are also offered on this site
                        start the test






close













contact us


pedstest online
                                    1013 austin ct. nolensville, tn. 37135

phone : (615) 346-9550
fax : (615) 776-4119


contact@pedstestonline.com








send a message to us



success! your message has been sent to us.
                    

error! there was an error sending your message.
                        {{errormessage}}





                                {{geterror('name')}}
                            






                                {{geterror('email')}}
                            






                                {{geterror('subject')}}
                            






                                {{geterror('message')}}
                            







reset














©pedstestonline copyright 2020. all rights reserved.




 



 




