









welcome to quiltak™, the best quilt basting system on the market!













































 

  















go shopping!
about quiltak

about quiltak
choose quiltak quilt basting tools
user tips


baripatch blog
contact
 





select page


  
 
 






















quiltak™ offers the best quilt basting system on the market!
we can help you concentrate on what you love about quilting with our easy and effective quilt basting tools, developed by quilters, for quilters. the quiltak™ quilt basting system can help you assemble your quilt in under an hour. your satisfaction is guaranteed.






faster than safety pins!
easier than traditional basting!
safer on quilts!













now order securely online
we accept paypal, visa, mastercard, discover and american express.
wholesale inquiries welcome, call 541/563-2520 or e-mail us.
we support cottage industries





go shopping now



 
			also consider (15) 


 
			antique quilts (1) 


 
			classes (1) 


 
			quiltak products (12) 








recent posts in the baripatch…







use quiltak basting gun to refresh outdoor cushions

save time and money using quiltak basting gun to renew your "old faded" outdoor cushions. use them as the base for a new fresh looking addition to your outdoor furniture. i have noticed a steep price increase in purchasing outdoor furniture cushions.  by using the old...




a tour of dreamtyme studio-where creations are born

we recently took a video of dreamtyme studio, which is part of quiltak.  it's were friends and family gather to create.  enjoy ;-)) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ij6vifnbxl0  





in the beginning…back when …

in the beginning in 1992, while living in flagstaff, az, i came up with the idea of quiltak while sitting at the phoenix airport with my niece bari, on our way to visit my sister and brother in law in ohio.  it was an idea that would not go away.  i approached darcy...








 







 
quiltak™
  get "bits and pieces" in your inbox!






sign up

click to email us! 
  office: 541-563-2520

  cell: 541-961-7812 
 




designed by elegant themes | powered by wordpress 




 



bari’s book of quilt basting & batting basics now free with orders of $60!shop now! 
+


 

























