













st. george pool store | st. george pool service company













































st. george, utah(435) 216-8997

shop online
schedule pool service








homeaboutcustomer storiesservicesresidential serviceopen my poolclose my poolhayward pool equipmentcommercial pool servicevacation homepool supply storeshop onlineluxury pool furniturefire pitscontactareas served












	the difference is

clear






















welcome to clearwater pool supply

pool service company & supply store serving st. george & surrounding areas
welcome to clearwater pool supply, your full-service pool company serving st. george and southern utah. when it comes to the health of your pool, we understand the commitment necessary to keep it operating effectively and efficiently. clearwater pool supply is dedicated to providing its customers with top-quality products, superior customer service, and reliable residential and commercial pool service and maintenance to help make pool ownership as seamless and worry-free as possible. 

pool service & maintenance
our knowledgeable and experienced pool service professionals have your best interest in mind when it comes to your pool, and we look forward to handling all of your cleaning and maintenance needs. our services include residential and commercial pool maintenance, pool opening & closing services, equipment repair, replacement, and upgrades. we also offer pool maintenance services for your vacation home rentals. 
at clearwater pool supply, we believe you deserve to spend your time where it matters most, which is in the water. pool ownership is meant to be enjoyed, and we look forward to caring for your pool as if it were our own. let our service and maintenance professionals handle all of your pool care needs so you don’t have to. 
your st. george pool care experts
whether you’re in need of everyday chemicals and maintenance supplies or are looking for more eco-friendly equipment or replacement parts, clearwater pool supply has everything necessary to keep your pool healthy and swim-ready at all times. we also have a large selection of outdoor living accessories that are sure to create a fun backyard atmosphere, including high-end pool furniture and fire pits. 
when it comes to choosing the right pool company, the difference is clear. clearwater pool supply is here for all of your pool care needs. give us a call to experience the clearwater pool supply difference today.


 read more 
 read less 










schedule your residential & commercial pool service, maintenance & repair











learn more 


 schedule your residential service 
















learn more 


 schedule your commercial service 



















come visit us for all of your
water care &outdoor livingneeds!



    see more
  

















lear more


 fire pits 
















lear more


 luxury pool furniture 














hear fromour clients



    see more reviews
  


life is an oasis with clearwater…
fabulous pool company and great people to work with, highly recommend them!



– john d.




























clearwater pool supply & maintenance
1483 e. 3850 s. • st. george, ut 84790
(435) 216-8997



get social












our company
home
about
customer stories
contact
areas served




services
residential service
open my pool
close my pool
hayward pool equipment
commercial pool service
vacation home



pool supply store
shop online
luxury pool furniture
fire pits
















































© 2022 clearwater pool supply. all rights reserved. website designed by pool marketing site. privacy policy.










