





lesfan – lesbian fan social network





































































 



















home

contact
about lesfan.com


read new fanfic
post

request fandom


search
fandoms
faves
news
activity wall
donate
lesfanlesbian fan social network
activity wall
members
fan fiction





activity




all members 0




rss

show:

everything
updates
posts
comments
friendships
new members







viewing 1 - 0 of 0 items












kiara wrote a new fiction post, the date 1 day, 18 hours ago


the daterecap….    bette gets ready to leave, she pulls her phone out of her bag, hesitating for just a moment before handing it to t […]















tinbette1956 became a registered member 1 day, 18 hours ago















lexi became a registered member 4 days, 22 hours ago















amelia watson changed their profile picture 5 days, 18 hours ago















amelia watson's profile was updated 5 days, 18 hours ago















amelia watson became a registered member 5 days, 18 hours ago















kiara wrote a new fiction post, the college festival 1 week, 2 days ago


the college festivalrecap…    bette walks into her house, the door clicking shut behind her. the silence is deafening. the once-vibrant h […]





1 person like this.










prionni mcafee became a registered member 1 week, 2 days ago















kiara became a registered member 2 weeks, 1 day ago















kiara became a registered member 2 weeks, 1 day ago















kiara wrote a new fiction post, the courtroom 2 weeks, 1 day ago


the courtroomthe early morning sun filters through the floor-to-ceiling windows of bette porter’s sleek, modern home. the spacious, m […]















collins wrote a new fiction post, chapter 33 – friendship 2 weeks, 2 days ago


chapter 33 – friendship previously from chapter 32 . . .     “um, james,” tina spoke up, “will bette be stopping by sometime over the weekend?”     “no […]















bk wrote a new fiction post, you don’t have to think of it that way 2 weeks, 4 days ago


you don't have to think of it that waystanding across the street from the gallery, helena and bette watched as a large sign was lifted and […]















westy20 and kiwipit are now friends 2 weeks, 6 days ago















westy20 and izzie are now friends 3 weeks ago















bk wrote a new fiction post, the porter name is not for sale 3 weeks, 4 days ago


the porter name is not for salehot water fell over the back of tina’s head, and she cupped her hands, the water pooling before she o […]















browneyedgirl28 wrote a new fiction post, baby steps 3 weeks, 4 days ago


baby stepsthe following morning, bette is stirred from her slumber by the insistent ringing of tina’s doorbell. she lifts her head from her p […]















ukendeavour wrote a new fiction post, chapter 8 3 weeks, 4 days ago


chapter 8bette walked into the planet, smiling at her sister who was working hard behind the counter. she joined the queue, listening […]















erin became a registered member 4 weeks ago















ukendeavour wrote a new fiction post, chapter 7 4 weeks ago


chapter 7tina stood in front of the mirror in their bedroom, she was just wearing a bar and low riding shorts she turned to look at her […]








load more








related
join us on blue sky – we’re leaving twitter / x

 


support lesfan!
we’ve recently had a bunch of expenses keeping this site online and secure.
please
consider a donation.

 


  join our lesbian community!
log in 

my writings
my writing stats
post your writing

keep lesfan online and free!
we've been online for almost 20 years!
- over 49,000 lesbian fanfiction stories currently posted
- almost 500,000 comments currently posted on fanfic
- over 67,000 members

please donate to help keep us free and online! 	



read about the l-word.com/lesfan.com herstory!

recent posts


lesfan alum literary news


cellanox and benmac news


important site updates


lesfan needs your support


update from cella nox



copyright © 2025 lesfan. all rights reserved.
log in 




























