


rachel@home









contact



email me









notification


be notified by email about new entries:










 


links



family tree project
pictures
word unscrambler









archives



september 2007
september 2006
june 2006
may 2005
february 2005
november 2004
october 2004
september 2004
august 2004
july 2004
june 2004
may 2004
april 2004
march 2004
february 2004
january 2004
december 2003
november 2003
october 2003
september 2003
august 2003
july 2003
june 2003
may 2003
april 2003
march 2003











first day of school



the girls started school today.  abby is in 9th grade, and in her last year of junior high.  katrina is in 8th grade.

and now, i'm off to spain.
posted by rachel at september 05, 2007 12:57 pm
		| comments (4)








church pictures



three sets of pictures today.  i figured out how to get my pictures off my camera.  yay!
the view from the top of st. paul's cathedral
the view from the ground near st. paul's cathedral
around westminster abbey
posted by rachel at september 13, 2006 10:57 am
		| comments (0)








church week!



so far this week has been church week.  the weekend was spent mostly working, but on monday, i was defintely ready for a visit to st. paul's cathedral.  the cathedral looks more like a capitol building to me from the outside, but on the inside, it's all church.
the cool thing about st. paul's (well, one of the cool things) is that you can climb all the way up to pretty close to the top, and go outside and look around.  [heights of parts of the dome] it's somewhere around 550 steps to the top, and at the beginning, the steps are shallow and wooden, and they curve around.  then, you get to the whispering gallery, which is around the bottom edge of the dome, and looks down onto the main part of the church.  my favorite part of the whispering gallery was how worn the stone floor was along the edge of it.  it made me think about how many other people had walked through there before.
after the whispering gallery, the steps get steeper and more painful, and it seems like they will never end.  the reward at the end is reaching the stone gallery, where you can go outside and look around the city from every angle.  we were rushed out of there, though, because there's even more steps to climb, and it was almost closing time.
the steps that go from the stone gallery to the golden gallery are steep spiral steel stairs, and they didn't bother me until the girl in front of me freaked out and wouldn't go any further because the steps scared her.  then i started to get a little more concerned about it, but told myself that you never hear of people dying when they visit the cathedral, so i shouldn't be too worried.  the good part about being a little freaked was that i spent less time focusing on how my legs were about to refuse to take one more step based on sheer exhaustion.
the view from the top was definitely worth the climb.  i took lots of pictures, but currently don't have a way to get those from my camera to my computer, so will have to post them later.
before the big climb up the dome, we visited the crypt, where there are lots and lots of memorials to various people, including lord nelson (he's big here), and a whole lot of other people who i can't remember at all.  christopher wren, who was the architect of the cathedral, is buried there, with the inscription: "if you seek his monument, look around you."  (i admit, i had to read this in my tour book, because i wasn't up to translating the latin that the inscription is written in.)
one of my favorite things in the crypt at st. paul's was the monuments that had been recovered from the fire of the earlier st. paul's.  they weren't in great shape, but they were from the 1500's, and that was pretty amazing.
i'm glad that i saw the crypt at st. paul's before i went to westminster abbey today, because i would have been seriously underimpressed with st. paul's brand-new crypt compared to westminster.
i took the audio tour at westminster, which was a great idea, because pretty much nothing was marked throughout the church.  i spent a little bit of time reading about some of the kings and queens of england yesterday, and saw a whole bunch of their tombs today in the church.  the ceilings are always the most amazing part of every church, and this was certainly no exception.  instead of a dome, it was lots and lots of arches [image that sort of shows it and this does too].  around the church are a lot of different chapels, all with lots and lots of memorials and statues and plaques.  there was one room that had a whole bunch of ornately carved seats on each side of it, and the top row had books in front of each seat.  i really wanted to find out what the book was, but didn't think it would be proper to climb up on the first row of seats to find out.
my favorite part of westminster was the cloisters.  i had no idea what the cloisters was, but what it is is a big grassy square with a covered walkway all around it.  it's so pretty and peaceful, and easy to imagine it just the same 500 years ago.  it was also the only place you could take pictures, so i have a few from there.  [one from my camera phone]
on all of the walkways, there's plaques on the walls and on the floor, just like everywhere else in the church.  one of the plaques on the floor is for 26 monks who died of the black death.  another neat memorial, just inside one doorway, is the tomb of the unknown soldier, from wwi.  my audio tour said that queen elizabeth laid her mother's funeral wreath on it when she walked out, like her mother laid her wedding bouquet on it at her wedding.
after westminster abbey, i went to the war cabinet rooms near the parliament building, to see where winston churchill ran things during wwii.  in some of the rooms, things were pretty much as they had been when the war was over.  there's maps on the wall with pinholes and pins and yarn connecting the pins, maps that were tracking boats and troop movement, the room where the secretaries typed dictation and other things, and the room where the bbc broadcast churchill's speeches from.
then, it was 5, and time to go back to westminster abbey to see their evening service.  i couldn't resist a chance to see the westminister boy's choir sing!  the singing and organ music was so cool.  i was really glad i went, and listening to it inside the church with the amazing ceilings only added to the whole experience.
things i definitely still need to do before i leave london include the tower of london, and buckingham palace.  i'd also like to see the natural history museum, kensington palace, and a whole lot of other stuff, but am not sure that all of those things will happen this time!
posted by rachel at september 12, 2006 03:59 pm
		| comments (3)








london!



i've been in london since wednesday, but today was the first day i really had a chance to get out and see very much.  i really love being here -- there's so many amazing things that i see just walking down the street, it seems like every time i turn a corner or turn my head i see another intricately built building or a charming twisty alleyway paved with cobblestones.
highlights of today's sightseeing extravaganza included:
a trip to the british museum (egyptian and greek sculptures, plus a ton of other neat stuff)
wandering around in richmond (waiting for the boat, which was supposed to go at 4, but didn't go until 6)
boat ride down the thames, from richmond to westminster
walking down the river after dinner, from westminster to the tower bridge -- we passed by the globe theatre, the clink, and a ton of other things, including the remains of a 12th century castle, the remains of a roman wall, built in 200 ad, and the tower of london
pictures from today are here.  i took all of these with my cell phone.  i think that tomorrow i'm taking my regular camera for better quality.
posted by rachel at september 02, 2006 05:54 pm
		| comments (7)








teenager in the house



abby turns 13 today, a day she says she's been waiting for ever since she was nine and a half.  it's an exciting day!
last night, she was thinking about turning 13, and it was so moving, it brought tears to her eyes:

and this is the girl who never cries in movies, no matter how sad they are!
posted by rachel at june 06, 2006 10:06 am
		| comments (10)








the case of the missing lid



on thursday night, i asked abby to get dinner started before i got home.  it was a rare sort of thursday, because there wasn't a softball game that started way too early and got over way too late.  softball games do tend to eat up time on tuesday and thursday nights, and while the other mothers at the games talk about how they don't have time to do anything after the softball games, i guiltily keep to myself how late my children end up going to bed on game nights.
so dinner was going to be chicken enchiladas, and abby wanted to be really sure that she knew how to make them, so i told her every single tiny step about three times.  everyone who was in my office at the time now also knows how to make chicken enchiladas.  i'm sure they're grateful.
part of the process of making chicken enchiladas is the particular pans that have to be used.  there's one frying pan and one lid that will work, and there are no substitutes.  i explained the pan qualifications to abby, and i was confident that she knew which pans had to be used.
but.
a little bit later she called and said she couldn't find the lid.  i listed every place i could think of that the lid might be, and she looked, then called me back and said that she still couldn't find it.
i told her to just wait, and i'd do it when i got home.  i admit, i was a little annoyed.  it's a big lid, and a small kitchen.  how many places could it be?
i was expecting to waltz in, find the lid with my eyes closed, and hand it to her triumphantly.
she was expecting the same thing, and as soon as i walked in the door, she told me all the places she'd looked, and that she'd checked everywhere again, because she didn't want me to come home and find it.
i looked all the places it might be, and came up empty.  i looked in all the places that i could never imagine putting the lid, and also came up empty.  i asked katrina where she would put the lid away, in case she had some creative place i'd never think of.  but even that didn't lead to the lid.
completely stumped, i started randomly wandering around the kitchen, and i opened the fridge.  and there it was.  sitting on top of a pot of soup that, quite honestly, should have been thrown out a while back.  i grabbed it and announced to abby that i had, finally, found the lid.
she thought about it for a minute, and then said, "so it's a draw?"
i had to agree.
posted by rachel at may 07, 2005 11:39 pm
		| comments (4)








time flies...



i found one of my favorite pictures of katrina tonight, from when she was almost six:

i can't believe it's february already.  with school in the mix, the days speed by much faster than they used to, and the laundry sure piles up a whole lot faster too.
i'm halfway through my second quarter of school now, with ten quarters total.  i like to look at it like, by the end of the summer, i'll be almost halfway done.  yes, this summer i have to go to school, but i am really starting to feel ready for the warm weather and light evenings, even though i'll be spending some of them in class.
abby got to participate in honor choir, and has her big honor choir concert tomorrow night, which should be really fun to see.  she was going to wear my new black heels, because our feet are exactly the same size now (!!!) but apparently they were told they couldn't wear heels.  i guess the choir director had visions of a hundred 11-year-old girls all toppling out of their heels and falling off the risers at once.
if nothing else, it sure would be the most memorable concert of the elementary school years.
posted by rachel at february 10, 2005 01:23 am
		| comments (3)






