






sabi sabi™ - since 1979 - official website







































 








 








homeexperiencethe wilderness and our hospitalitythe sabi sabi reservewildlife experiencegame driveswalking safari'scommunity experiencetrackers & rangersour hospitalitydining experiencerelaxation & wellnessamani spaspecial occasionsweddingshoneymoonsspecial interestsbirding safarisphotographic safarisexploreour lodges, about us & the reserveour lodgesbush lodgethe lodgediningelefun centreour suitesluxury suitemandleve suiteluxury villasselati campthe lodgediningour suitesluxury suitelourenco marquesivory presidential suitelittle bush campthe lodgediningour suitesluxury suiteearth lodgethe lodgediningour suitesluxury suiteamber villaabout sabi sabiour storyour historyour teamcommunity initiativesour reservesabi sabi private reserveconservation philosophydiscoverlearn more & be inspiredbe inspiredmedia galleryawardssabi sabi calendarthe bush vinestories from the bushweekly sightingshighlights of the monthlearn morephotography tipswild factsnewsstart my safarirates, packages & inforates & inforatesbookingsbooking termscontact uspackages & specialsstay 4 pay 3fly-in package 2024family packagehelpful infosafari programmegetting herehealth & safetyfaq'sairstripseasons weatherlocationlodges fact sheettravel & visaphotographic rentalsagents & tradetrade hubdigital media request


enquire now


book now


connect
+27 11 447 7172
reservations@sabisabi.com














experienceexplorediscover

family owned & run since 1979

start my safarienquire now







the sabi sabi reservewildlife experiencegame driveswalking safaricommunity experiencetrackers and rangersour hospitalitydining experiencerelaxation and wellnessamani spaspecial occasionsweddingshoneymoonsspecial interestsbirding safarisphotographic safaris








book sabi sabi online book now 














exploreour lodgesabout usour reserve




luxury lodgesselati campbush lodgelittle bush campearth lodgeselati campturn of the century elegancean ode to the great african safari era of the late 1800s, selati camps suites recapture the essence of yesteryear.selati campdiningluxury suitelourenco marquesivory presidential suitebush lodgeyour luxury home in the bushthe original lodge in our collection, bush lodge pulses to the rhythm of africa’s heartbeat.bush lodgediningelefun centreluxury suiteluxury villaslittle bush campa deeply intimate affairlittle bush camp’s secluded riverside location and intimate atmosphere make its charms impossible to resist.little bush campdiningluxury suiteearth lodgea glimpse into the futureone-of-a-kind in design, earth lodge is innovative, sophisticated and it redefines the new frontier of luxury african safaris.earth lodgediningluxury suiteamber villaabout usour storyour historyour teamcommunity initiativesour reservesabi sabi private reserveconservation philosophy









book sabi sabi online book now 













be inspiredmedia galleryawardssabi sabi calendarthe bush vinestories from the busha week in the bushhighlights of the monthlearn morephotography tipswild factsnews








book sabi sabi online book now 













rates & inforatesbookingsbooking termscontact uspackages & specialsstay for 4 pay for 3fly-in package 2024family packagehelpful infosafari programmegetting herehealth & safetyfaq'sairstripseasons & weatherlocationlodge fact sheetstravel & visaphotographic rentalsagents & tradetrade hubdigital media request








book sabi sabi online book now 
















 


escape to our world

 






                scroll down            






 





 


 
sabi sabi is a wildlife-rich private reserve in the greater kruger area with 4 luxury lodges, each with its own character and style
 














                        an unforgettable safari experience shaped by over 40 years of caring and passion 

                        






 
the sabi sabi experience

  
















what makes our safari experience so memorable and unique? 

 














 




experiences to treasure forever. from intimate game sightings and expert guides to luxurious suites and authentic south african hospitality and fare, sabi sabi has perfected the art of indulging your senses.





 

 




feel enlightened, refreshed and at peace escape to nature and gain a new understanding and appreciation for life. the bush is a transformative place where life slows down, relationships deepen and there’s time to reconnect with yourself. 







 




share in our commitment and passion to protect the wilderness our love and respect for sustainable conservation runs deep. we actively find ways to protect the land, the flora and fauna and promote local community development. it’s authenticity you can feel.


 















 







you are out in the middle of the bush, yet treated to every luxury imaginable.



                            marty                        




 



















your golden circle ticket to the african wilderness

 get up close and personal with all the bush has to offer. 










 



 



 



 



 



 














 
our collection of luxury safari lodges since 1979, sabi sabi has grown our portfolio to include 4 luxury lodges, each with its own character and style that collectively express our philosophy of yesterday, today and tomorrow. 











                    selati camp                

                    bush lodge                

                    little bush camp                

                    earth lodge                




selati camp
bush lodge
little bush camp
earth lodge






 






turn of the century elegance selati camp is ideal for enthusiasts of the past and of unspoiled nature. an ode to the great african safari era, selati recaptures the essence of yesteryear glamour in true luxurious style.

each suite is decorated with authentic railway memorabilia and is named after bygone stations – artfully weaving an ambience and character of yesterday.
view selati camp






                turn of the century elegance            
selati camp is ideal for enthusiasts of the past and of unspoiled nature. an ode to the great african safari era, selati recaptures the essence of yesteryear glamour in true luxurious style.

each suite is decorated with authentic railway memorabilia and is named after bygone stations – artfully weaving an ambience and character of yesterday.
selati camp 



 






your luxury home in the bush the original lodge in our collection, bush lodge pulses to the rhythm of africa’s heartbeat.

known for its vibrancy and contemporary mix of safari-themed furnishings, bush lodge welcomes friends, colleagues and families to celebrate nature’s beauty, relax in luxury and revel in the joy of today.
view bush lodge






                your luxury home in the bush            
the original lodge in our collection, bush lodge pulses to the rhythm of africa’s heartbeat.

known for its vibrancy and contemporary mix of safari-themed furnishings, bush lodge welcomes friends, colleagues and families to celebrate nature’s beauty, relax in luxury and revel in the joy of today.
bush lodge 



 






a deeply intimate affair little bush camp seamlessly bridges the space between the contemporary today and the avante-garde of tomorrow.

nestled deep in the african wilderness with only 6 luxury suites, little bush is a desirable oasis for couples or exclusive use by small groups and friends.
view little bush camp






                a deeply intimate affair            
little bush camp seamlessly bridges the space between the contemporary today and the avante-garde of tomorrow.

nestled deep in the african wilderness with only 6 luxury suites, little bush is a desirable oasis for couples or exclusive use by small groups and friends.
little bush camp 



 






a glimpse into the future earth lodge is the sabi sabi of tomorrow.  unique in design, it’s where minimalism meets high comfort in a series of sensory experiences.

the lodge redefines the new frontier of the luxury african safari and is a must for those who appreciate the art of luxuriating in the wilderness.
view earth lodge






                a glimpse into the future            
earth lodge is the sabi sabi of tomorrow.  unique in design, it’s where minimalism meets high comfort in a series of sensory experiences.

the lodge redefines the new frontier of the luxury african safari and is a must for those who appreciate the art of luxuriating in the wilderness.
earth lodge 
 















 



protecting our future
our conservation philosophy


we aim to conserve the decreasing wilderness areas that form part of south africa’s heritage and be an example of a business that balances tourism with conservation and local communities.
we do this by promoting community development, employing members of staff from neighbouring areas and empowering individuals through training and personal development.
view conservation approach










 
 




arrive on safari. experience so much more

 whether it’s dining under the stars, visiting our local villages, soaking up the african sunon a poolside lounger or simply celebrating uninterrupted time with those you love – you will forever remember these moments.  

















                    birding safari                



 







                    community experience                



 

 






                    relaxation                



 







                    game drives                



 

 







                    wildlife experience                



 

 






                    walking safari                



 







                    dining experience                



 

 











 
 


“sabi sabi's ethical approach to safaris and conservation has always been part of our vision.”


 

 
rod wyndham managing director 









 
 






 there is always something new to discover

 













                                the day a leopard changed my life                            



                        as a sabi sabi ranger, you go through a very strict training program, which starts off with a six-day interview process called nkombe camp. upon arrival, i could see that all the applicants were from very different backgrounds, and all had very different levels of experience, but we all had one thing in common and that was the fact that we loved nature and guiding                    


                            read                                                    







 



















                wild facts            





 


learn interesting details about animals and the environment in which they live.

learn more about
overviewpredatorsbirdsinsectsother animalsplants and trees 






                photography guide            





 


get top tips on how best to capture the magnificent beauty of the wilds.

learn more about
overviewrecommended equipmentaccessoriessettings and tipswildlife photographypost production 






                topics            





 


explore a host of tales from the bush. delve into our general library of various interesting topics from african tales to local wine guides

learn more about
overviewbirds of sabi sabicusinewellnesscats of sabi sabiafrican talesphotographicmonochrome mondaystefs guide to wineweird and wonderfulranger sightingsanimal species 












 









contact
direct

+27 11 447 7172
privatetravel@sabisabi.com
contact us


connect

 
 
 
 
 







quick links

homewildlife experiencegame drivesrelaxation & wellnessdining experienceratesselati campbush lodgelittle bush campearth lodgecontact us





sabi sabi


sabi sabi private game reserve, situated in the sabie game reserve in the south-western section of the greater kruger national park, is a wildlife oasis where you can observe at close quarters the age-old natural relationship between predator and prey.
check availability






join our newsletter







 



























the meaning of our name sabi sabi was inspired by the sabie river. our piece of paradise lies close to the mighty sabie river which was locally known as the ‘river of fear’. the word ‘save’ or ‘tsave’ translates into ‘fear’ or ‘danger’ in portuguese and tsonga respectively. it is a highly fitting name for a settlement situated close to a river whose waters boiled with snapping crocodiles and hippo and whose banks were roamed by hungry leopards and angry buffalo






privacy policy | terms of use |
data subject access request





    copyright ©2022 - 2025, sabi sabi. all rights reserved.









 





back










back









let’s plan your dream safari!








our reservations team is waiting to help you
please complete the fields marked in red.






personal information



first name *
 


last name *
 
 



email *
 


phone *
 
 



country of residence *
-- select country --afghanistanåland islandsalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua & barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaascension islandaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia & herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybritish virgin islandsbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacanary islandscape verdecaribbean netherlandscayman islandscentral african republicceuta & melillachadchilechinachristmas islandclipperton islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongo - brazzavillecongo - kinshasacook islandscosta ricacôte d’ivoirecroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczechiadenmarkdiego garciadjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaeswatiniethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard & mcdonald islandshondurashong kong sar chinahungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisraelitalyjamaicajapanjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikosovokuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacao sar chinamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmar (burma)namibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorth macedonianorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territoriespanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairn islandspolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarréunionromaniarussiarwandasamoasan marinosão tomé & príncipesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia & south sandwich islandssouth koreasouth sudanspainsri lankast. barthélemyst. helenast. kitts & nevisst. luciast. martinst. pierre & miquelonst. vincent & grenadinessudansurinamesvalbard & jan mayenswedenswitzerlandsyriataiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad & tobagotristan da cunhatunisiaturkeyturkmenistanturks & caicos islandstuvaluu.s. outlying islandsu.s. virgin islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican cityvenezuelavietnamwallis & futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe

 
trip information



preferred lodges 
bush lodgeselati camplittle bush campearth lodgeplease help me choose 
 



arrival date 
 


departure date 
 
 



traveler type *
-- select traveler type --couplefamilyfriends/groupssolohoneymoonspecial occasion (birthday/anniversary)other



number of adults *
 
 



number of children 
 


ages of children (comma separated) 
 
 



comments or additional information *
 
 








by using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website.



 
 








subscribe to our newsletter.



 
 


 



 






 



 





send enquiry












contact details & availability







phone
+27 11 447 7172
call us now




email
privatetravel@sabisabi.com
email us now




reservation office times: 08h00 to 17h00 sast




live availability
sabi sabi lodges
check availability




connect with us on
sabi sabi social media
































