






ucp central california
































 










 

skip to content



 ucp central california


menu
about us

ucp central california
meet the team
mission – vision – values
community partners
title iv


programs
you hold the key
events
job opportunities
news & stories

news
stories


gallery

main gallery
trunk or treat 2024
trunk or treat 2023
camp mountain high 2024
camp mountain high 2023
run walk or roll 2023
unlocking the future 2023
pulling strings 2020
trunk or treat 2022
walk n roll 2019
walk n wiffle 2017


connect
ways to give

donate now
volunteer


 














for 70+ years, ucp has been re-imagining how our students can live a life without limits through customized programs, multi-disciplinary approaches and cultivating inclusive communities where children and adults of all abilities are valued and inspired to reach their full potential.









our impact





1100children & adults
have been served with a broad range of disabilities, from birth to the elderly.






300k
servicehours




78k
home visits




6
countiesserved




40
transportation vans
























ucpcc provides life-saving programs and essential support to individuals and family caregivers who struggle to find it anywhere else. what we do is unique, and there are many more people who need our facilities and programs than we can accommodate, so this year, we’re raising money to expand — and we need your help to do it.


learn more about our campaign








our services







for adults
through our adult day programs, we unite and serve adults 18 to 86 years young who have a broad range of disabilities, desires and needs, and we ensure everyone who walks through our doors has access to opportunities for community engagement and life-enhancing programs.

about adult programs










for children
we serve hundreds of children with special needs throughout the central valley, providing effective, highly specialized care every day. ucp central california’s staff conducts over 200 home visits each week, working with parents to provide early intervention services and monitor developmental goals.

about children’s programs











blog ›




victoria ramirez : an unstoppable spirit at ucpcc





ucpcc’s unstoppable spirit this month is victoria ramirez. unstoppable spirit: victoria and her mother dora’s inspiring journey “it’s a hard battle, but battles are only given to warrior families like us.” – dora gamino a journey begins dora’s pregnancy with her third child, victoria, was mostly normal until a diagnosis of gestational diabetes. when victoria was…

august 12, 2024 

victor perez jr. promoted to program director at ucp+’s early start program





let us congratulate victor perez jr. on his promotion to ucp+ children’s program director in hanford, ca! he has been a cornerstone of ucpcc+ for over 25 years, starting as a 1:1 aide in the inclusion program and evolving through roles such as early interventionist, inclusion coordinator, and early start manager, to his new position…

august 2, 2024 











meet our students













student name

                                excerpt
                            
 read more





ways to give



there are many ways to support ucpcc! and we’re only able to offer our services free-of-charge thanks to donors like you.



donate now




join our mailing list




 













first name 




last name 





email 




 indicates a required field







protected by recaptcha
privacy - terms




















ucp main admin office
2044 e nees ave.fresno, ca 93720559-221-8272



home

about us

programs

events
steptember

title vi


gallery

news & stories
student stories
news


you hold the keys

job opportunities

connect

ucp store


ways to give
donate
volunteer

social media
facebook
instagram
tiktok
youtube
x
































scroll top
