





  home
 | christian courier






























































 

articles
topics
store
donate






search














sign in















articles
topics
store




log in












              donate
        
 




search
















fortify your faith videos





      what happens when we die?
    
 




      the great physician
    
 




      jehoshaphat's prayer
    
 




      the identity of the church of christ
    
 




      mankind: created in the image of god
    




















        great lessons from the hall of faith: hebrews chapter 11 analyzed
      

        wayne jackson analyzes the eleventh chapter of hebrews, known as the “hall of faith,” discussing its themes of faith, redemption, and the superiority of the new covenant over the old. it explores the faith of old testament figures, the concept of faithfulness, and the ultimate glory awaiting all the righteous.
      
 
see also

hebrews 11—what is faith?


10 great lessons from the book of jonah


a faith-building study from daniel 11


lessons from the catacombs of rome






    recent articles
  














              divine design: the complexity and uniqueness of the human body
            

              wayne jackson explores the divine design of the human body, its complex systems, and its unique features. it argues against an evolutionary origin and emphasizes the spiritual, intellectual, and moral image of god reflected in humanity, as described in the bible.
            

 













              unpacking the second epistle of peter: its authenticity, themes, and relevance
            

              this article by wayne jackson provides a detailed analysis of the second epistle of peter in the new testament. it discusses its authorship, themes, and relevance to the christian faith. the article also explores the controversies surrounding its authenticity and the teachings it presents.
            

 













              how many resurrections will there be?
            

              some advocates of the millennial scheme suggest there will be two resurrections separated by a one-thousand-year reign of jesus on earth. what does god’s word have to say on this subject?
            

 













              jesus, a man of prayer
            

              we have much to learn about prayer from jesus. his prayers are models both in what to pray for and when to pray.
            

 













              what does the bible say about ash wednesday?
            

              what is lent and ash wednesday? are these religious observances found in the bible?
            

 













              how many people were in jerusalem when jesus was crucified?
            

              is there any way to know how many people were present in jerusalem when jesus was crucified by the roman soldiers?
            

 













              how many people died in noah’s flood?
            

              is there any way to know how many people were on the earth at the time of the great flood of genesis?
            

 













              the holy spirit and the apostles
            

              the holy spirit was promised by christ to his apostles for their special work.
            

 













              the holy spirit and jesus
            

              the holy spirit was an active participant in the ministry of christ.
            

 













              were paul’s writings influenced by culture?
            

              many dismiss the authority of paul as an apostle by accusing him of injecting cultural norms of the first century into his instructions to the churches? is this a legitimate argument against his apostolic authority?
            

 




    editor's choices
  














              jesus showed himself alive by many proofs
            

              what evidence is there that jesus actually rose from the dead?
            

 













              back to biblical kindergarten
            

              some christians have never graduated out of biblical kindergarten.
            

 













              the challenge of “agape” love
            

              it is a noble and worthy challenge to love with the love that jesus has for all mankind.
            

 













              help me, doctor!
            

              perhaps the most amazing thing about this procedure is the floodlight it casts upon the “person” inside the womb.
            

 













              every spiritual blessing is in christ
            

              every spiritual blessing that god the father gives, he gives to those who are in christ. paul identifies in ephesians 1:3-14 that christ is the sphere in which god the father blesses. how important it is to understand how one enters the redemptive relationship with christ.
            

 













              ishmael: his hand against every man
            

              the remarkable biblical prophecies concerning ishmael, are explored, especially the historical emergence of his descendants and their warlike characteristics.
            

 













              unpacking the second epistle of peter: its authenticity, themes, and relevance
            

              this article by wayne jackson provides a detailed analysis of the second epistle of peter in the new testament. it discusses its authorship, themes, and relevance to the christian faith. the article also explores the controversies surrounding its authenticity and the teachings it presents.
            

 













              what about singing “psalms”?
            

              is it appropriate to sing some of the songs from the book of psalms in the old testament? an interested reader wants to know.
            

 













              some lessons from church history
            

              church historians agree that many changes in faith and practice occurred over the last two thousand years, with many negative consequences. is this religious mindset still affecting the followers of christ today?
            

 













              daniel’s prophecy of the seventy weeks
            

              biblical scholars have catalogued more than three hundred amazing prophecies that find precise fulfillment in the life and labor of the son of god. one of these predictive declarations is found in daniel 9:24-27, commonly referred to as the prophecy of “daniel’s seventy weeks.”
            

 













              are the gospels a part of the new testament?
            

              some allege that the gospel accounts—matthew, mark, luke, and john—reflect old testament legislation, and therefore these books do not constitute an authoritative body of instruction for christians. this article addresses the fallacy of this kind of reasoning.
            

 













              never man so spoke
            

              what made jesus the greatest teacher of all time? wayne jackson discusses the unique and profound way jesus christ spoke and taught, emphasizing his divine authority, wisdom, and the enduring impact of his words.
            

 



popular topics on christiancourier.com


        antichrist
      


  jerry falwell and the antichrist



  1 john 2:18—who is the antichrist?



  alan dershowitz, jesus christ, and logic



  the growing anti-christian sentiment



  the two “beasts” of revelation 13



  testing the spirits



  the little horn of daniel’s sea-beast



  the crucifixion of christ: the real emphasis



  the controversy rages: mel gibson’s “the passion”



  the roman catholic – jewish compromise




        church
      


  identifying the church of the new testament



  the indestructible church of christ



  what is the church of christ?



  jesus christ: church inspector



  the establishment of the church of christ



  starr’s church of christ — a review



  is the mormon church the restored church?



  harold camping’s new revelation: “leave the church!”



  church controversies



  electronic church




        church of christ
      


  the indestructible church of christ



  what is the church of christ?



  starr’s church of christ — a review



  the establishment of the church of christ



  jesus christ: church inspector



  acts 4:32 – the jerusalem church of christ



  enemies of christ



  isaiah’s prophecy of the church



  the authorized elements of church music



  electronic church




        romans, book of
      


  questions from the book of romans



  a study of romans 14



  an analysis of romans 14



  the meaning of romans 3:31



  romans 8:21 — creation delivered



  romans 1:27 — the consequences of perversion



  romans 1:20 – the testimony of creation



  rich nuggets in romans 14:9



  romans 9:22 – is eternal punishment fair?



  why does romans 10:9-10 not mention baptism?




        angel of jehovah
      


  a brief study of the angel of jehovah



  a message from an angel



  revelation 22:8-9 – was christ an angel?



  in the days of his flesh



  the growing interest in angels



  when a pagan king challenged jehovah



  what does the bible say about the origin, nature, and role of angels?



  jesus and jehovah



  who are the seven spirits?



  is jesus jehovah?




        woman, role of
      


  the role of woman



  a review of recent arguments for women preachers



  woman’s role in the church



  what role does childbearing play in woman’s salvation?



  should women function as translators in the assembly?



  1 corinthians 11:3 & 15:28 – paul sends his greetings



  may christian women teach christian boys?



  in what sense is man the head of woman?



  do women have to keep silent in the church?



  in christ – neither male nor female




        angels
      


  a brief study of the angel of jehovah



  the growing interest in angels



  what does the bible say about the origin, nature, and role of angels?



  hebrews 1:4 – better than the angels



  revelation 22:8-9 – was christ an angel?



  what are the “tongues of angels” in 1 corinthians 13:1?



  a message from an angel



  false ideas about jesus christ



  who are the seven spirits?



  jehovah’s witnesses and the doctrine of the deity of jesus christ




        unity
      


  acu: stronghold of “radical criticism”



  the acu commentary and the unity of the book of isaiah



  clouds without water: a review of the new acu commentary



  the tragedy of racism



  lipscomb university and the christian scholars conference



  more controversy at acu



  unity — its aesthetic and practical value



  the amazing unity of scripture



  a divine platform for christian unity



  ephesians 4:13 – the unity of the faith




        tongues
      


  can christians speak in tongues today?



  didn’t paul command, “forbid not to speak in tongues”?



  what are the “tongues of angels” in 1 corinthians 13:1?



  if “tongues” have ceased, why hasn’t “knowledge”?



  what was the gift of tongues?



  what are the so-called “mystery” tongues of 1 corinthians 14?



  the tongue: one of man’s most dangerous weapons



  should women function as translators in the assembly?



  the tower of babel: legend or history?



  the unique case of cornelius




        resurrection
      


  was christ raised from the dead on sunday or saturday?



  growing doubts about the resurrection of the dead



  resurrection: literal or merely symbolic?



  the significance of christ’s resurrection



  are we resurrected from the dead when we obey the gospel?



  the resurrection of the human body



  the resurrection of the wicked



  mormon doctrine: baptism for the dead



  roman catholic professor denies the resurrection of christ



  a skeptic disputes the resurrection of christ





























































our mission: to help enable every believer establish a strong legacy of faith in their family, to answer difficult bible questions with confidence, to refute religious error with grace and precision, and to equip the body of christ for seeking the lost.
        




get involved

donate
newsletter
subscribe





@fortifyfaith
 




about

fortify your faith
faqs
contact




help center

help
address changes
contact




legal

copyright
permissions
privacy
terms
cookies






        © 2025 fortify your faith foundation, inc. all rights reserved.
      

        fortify your faith foundation is a tax-exempt, not-for-profit, religious corporation as defined under section 501(c)(3) of the internal revenue code. your donation gift(s) are very much appreciated and may qualify as a charitable deduction for federal income tax purposes.






