





earth day coalition







































skip to content


 

earth day 2023
what is earth day?
celebrate earth day

kids


 



earth day coalition 








earth day 2023saturday, april 22 






learn more 















 







 







 







 


























what is earth day?earth day takes place every year on april 22. on earth day, people from across the world join together to celebrate how amazing earth is and advocate for its protection.as pollution and deforestation pose imminent threats to our environment, it is more important than ever to make changes to preserve the planet. by starting with simple changes, like reducing consumption, recycling, and other personal initiatives, individuals can join together to collectively make a huge impact and reduce society’s carbon and environmental footprints. 








































what is my carbon footprint?your carbon footprint measures carbon dioxide (co2) emitted as a result of your activities. these activities create greenhouse gasses that play a central role in global warming. 



 







what is my ecological footprint?your ecological footprint includes both carbon emissions and general environmental impact. ecological footprint is used to gauge global consumption of renewable and non-renewable resources. 



 
























 












how to reduce carbon and ecological footprint 






















reuse household items.recycle eligible items that cannot be reused.join your local buy nothing group to swap and share items rather than purchasing new.encourage work from home initiatives.soak up the sun while walking, biking, rollerblading, unicycling, or finding a non-motorized way to get around town.take your family vacation via railroad rather than driving. 


















bring your own bags to the grocery store.use a reusable water bottle rather than disposable ones.use paperless billing when it is offered.pick up trash when you see it.use a cloth mask over your disposable mask to keep it clean longer.support local sustainable businesses.plant a tree. 


















learn more 


























