










horn lake chamber of commerce | home - horn lake chamber of commerce - ms
























































 
 















skip to content















					home				








					contact us				








					apply for membership				








					member login				














facebook





twitter





instagram






































menu 
our chamber why join what we do upcoming events board of directors chamber staff chamber ambassadorsour community welcome from mayor latimer important community phone numbersour members member directory photo gallerycontact usjoin nowhorn lake chamber of commerce | home








 







 





welcome to the horn lake chamber of commerce













































join 
become a member
 
apply now

 















what's new 
calendar of events
 
view events

 















directory 
find a business
 
our members

 



















our missionto be "the intersection of commerce and community."






located in the heart of desoto county, horn lake is a thriving hub where businesses flourish, and community thrives. with a welcoming atmosphere, exceptional opportunities for growth, and a strong sense of connection, horn lake is the perfect place to live, work, and grow.
whether you're building a business or laying down roots, horn lake is ready to support your success!









































facebook












horn lake chamber of commerce 
we look forward to serving your business needs or answering questions you may have about our community. contact us to find out how you can become more involved in your community and gain valuable insight into growing your business in horn lake. call us today for more information 662-393-9897.
 
learn more

 






















mark your calendar 
upcoming events


 
view all events

 


















thank you to ourpartners & members










































































































































































next
previous































searching for a business?explore our business directory.










find a business















 












© 2025 horn lake chamber of commerce – ms
 | 
site by growthzone


























resources









facebook





twitter





instagram











business card icon




member directory 










lock icon




member login 










get in touch






horn lake chamber of commerce









address & map




3101 goodman rd w, horn lake, ms 38637











phone icon




(662) 393-9897 










envelope icon




info@hornlakechamber.com 


















 © 2025 horn lake chamber of commerce - ms.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone | powered by platforms & traffic 








 




















