




























home | university of california









      skip to main content
    







university of california
return to home page






menu
mobile menu open



main navigation


campuses & locations

toggle subnavigation for campuses & locations



find your place at uc




student success

toggle subnavigation for student success



firstgen


graduate students


transfer students


undergraduate research


undocumented students


alumni outcomes


health and well-being




impact

toggle subnavigation for impact



economy


education


affordability


opportunity


research


health


public service


climate leadership




about us

toggle subnavigation for about us



leadership


information center


sustainability




get involved

toggle subnavigation for get involved



advocate


double the pell


for alumni


uc votes






top menu


admissions


jobs


news






search




























pause video







say yes to a future at uc

our campuses are brimming with opportunities you can only find here. 










be boldly californian
across our campuses, uc students learn to ask questions, push boundaies, transform themselves and prepare to shape our collective future. join a community of thinkers, explorers and dreamers. 




















think you can’t afford uc? think again.
uc tuition is fully covered for more than half of california students. that’s no typo. for most in-state students, if your household income is $100k or less, your uc tuition payment is zero.
9 surprising facts about financial aid










“i wasn’t sure what to expect, but everyone here has been so friendly. i’ve made so many connections already, meeting people who come from so many different backgrounds and hearing their insights.”
— huy nguyen, uc santa barbara
first-year student
meet a few of uc's newest students








breaking news




uc announces record-setting enrollment




the university of california enrolled the largest and most diverse student body in its history for fall 2024.
get the details












10 campuses.endless possibilities.



 


all campuses have something amazing to offer
we’re building a culture of academic excellence on our campuses. see the places where research thrives. witness the innovations of the future. meet incredible people and enjoy the diverse culture and unique views from each one.



 


uc san diego
san diego is doing things a little differently. it’s second in the world in research universities and has over 130 undergraduate courses across five disciplines. but there are also seven colleges here, with their own theme and educational requirements.



 


uc irvine
irvine is home to independent thinkers. with a friendly on-campus vibe and a diverse research community, people feel right at home here.



 


uc riverside
riverside is well established as one of the top universities in the world. but apart from rankings, the research done here is unparalleled. it’s one of the leading universities to offer faculty-led research to all undergrads.



 


ucla
anything is possible at ucla. we’re more than just our accolades. we’ve done some incredible things and created over 140 companies with technology developed here. it’s easy to see how ucla is redefining the future.



 


uc santa barbara
santa barbara encourages students to challenge themselves freely. here we equip them with the creative freedom to open doors and aim for academic excellence plus, it’s right on the beach for a stunning view.



 


uc santa cruz
with ground-breaking disciplines, towering redwood forests, and a unique cityscape, uc santa cruz is pretty spectacular. quality research means quality results. and there’s plenty of space for intellectual exploration at this stunning hillside campus.



 


uc merced
welcome to california’s newest base for advanced research. we’ve got all the latest facilities to aid students and researchers. not to mention our backdrop, yosemite national park: the greatest natural research facility of all.



 


uc san francisco
compassion and patient care go hand in hand with groundbreaking research and teaching. that’s the heart of uc health. and at ucsf, we run one of the nation’s best medical centers —changing people’s lives every day through health and science.



 


uc berkeley
107 nobel laureates. 19 pulitzer prizes. 207 olympic medals. berkeley’s accolades speak for themselves. this dynamic campus has the most eclectic, exciting mix of students in california.



 


uc davis
research is at the heart of uc davis. it’s ranked as one of the top public research universities in the world. davis is famous for unparalleled academics and research opportunities with an easy-going college town feel.
















explore the uc story through data


see detailed metrics on student enrollment, graduation rates, alumni outcomes and more about the university.
visit the information center








 
82% of undergrads come from california
2 out of 3 california students who applied last year got in.



 
54% of california undergrads pay no tuition
uc has one of the strongest financial aid programs in the nation. 



 
86% of undergrads earn a diploma
most students complete their studies in just over four years. 





















the university of california opened its doors in 1869 with just 10 faculty members and 40 students. today, the uc system has more than 295,000 students and 265,000 faculty and staff, with 2.0 million alumni living and working around the world.







subscribe to our newsletter


email address  
 



subscribe


 






uc quick links


campuses & locations


student success


about us


get involved


press releases


contact us




external resources


apply or transfer


office of the president


academic senate


board of regents


ucnet: employee resources






footer links 2


accessibility


terms of use



copyright © the regents of the university of california

social


facebook


twitter


instagram


tiktok


youtube


linkedin















