









home - first baptist church














































 
























about us

who we are
what to expect
meet our staff
church leadership
plan your visit
connect with us


worship

worship this week
worship archives


ministries

children
karis parenting
youth
young adults
adults
music
center for faith & life


missions

our approach
opportunities to serve
mission stories
helene recovery efforts
partnerships


via karis
calendar & info.

calendar of upcoming events
campus plan
welcome and inclusion

desired future statements


first sanctuary child protection policy
online directory
sacred garden
app & podcast
sacred places campaign


give
 





select page


  
 



 



 














all are welcome here
welcome and inclusion









worship
learn more









missions
learn more










i'm new



contact us



wednesdays



who we are







join us for lent and easter










wednesday evening activities canceled
due to the pending inclement weather for february 19, 2025, all wednesday evening activities are cancelled (fellowship meal, agapekids, in person wednesday chapel study, and all music programming).












leadership recommendations 
one of the premiere strengths of baptist polity is that we get to do “what seems good to the holy spirit and us” (acts 15:28). this enables us to be more nimble and adaptive to challenges and change. but it’s vital that we all do our part to help our church thrive, that we may “let all things be done decently and in order” (1 cor. 14:40). review the various leadership roles for our church ministry. submit a recommendation form after praying for our church, and nominating those in our congregation with gifts for leadership and service. recommendations should be submitted by february 23. 



recommendations due february 23, 2025










helene recovery ministry
since hurricane helene hit asheville on september 27, 2024 and brought unknown devastation to our western north carolina region, first baptist church of asheville has been a community hub, helping bring together resources, volunteerism, and support from far and wide to those who have been significantly affected. we have three primary ways we are helping with short-term and longer-term recovery:
(1) we have a weekly free market on thursdays from 11 a.m. – 1 p.m., open to the whole community, to come shop for clothes, food, supplies, and personal hygiene items (at no cost), and to eat a hot meal around shared tables;
(2) we welcome donations from individuals, communities, and churches all across the country. from september-december 2024, we received over $150,000. as these funds have been growing, leaders in our congregation have been discerning the best ways to utilize each and every dollar. in january we awarded over $50,000 in disaster recovery grants, supporting members, friends, partner organizations, and residents in the region who we don’t yet know, but have the opportunity to help. we are also in the process of still accepting applications for a new helene counseling and wellness grant, hoping to provide support to children, families, and individuals who are working through stages of grief, trauma, and recovery;
(3) beginning in february 2025, we will be hosting overnight groups who are doing disaster recovery work in our area. work sites are coordinated through baptists on mission and overnight group stays are coordinated through the cooperative baptist fellowship. to add your name to a growing list of potential volunteers, click on the “helene recovery efforts volunteer sign-ups” below.
we have a long way to go with our recovery, and as a church, we are committed to embodying the resilient hope and love of christ in all that we do. find out more about these specific ministries, including how to volunteer in person or give a financial gift, by accessing the links below.




helene grant distribution report - january 2025

helene recovery efforts volunteer sign-ups here

helene recovery efforts volunteer sign-ups here

helene recovery efforts volunteer sign-ups here











join us sundays










watch past services



worship this week



online bible study







generosity 2025



submit your 2025 generosity plan













the real dietrich bonhoeffer: theology for faith in times of crisis

wednesday chapel study: the real dietrich bonhoeffer, theology for faith in times of crisis...
read more




youth led worship: sunday, february 23

youth-led worship: sunday, february 23 please join us at this special service as the youth lead us...
read more




red cross battle of the badges at fbca

red cross battle of the badges at fbca wednesday, february 19, gym, 8:00 a.m.-5:30 p.m. the red...
read more




kids stuff swap: i have, you need

"i have, you need" kids stuff swap wednesday, february 26, small atrium, following vespers join...
read more




community resources and volunteer opportunites

helene recovery effortshelene recovery volunteer sign up as our community begins the long and slow...
read more









 








first baptist church of asheville 5 oak street
asheville, nc 28801
(828) 252-4781

subscribe to e-newsletter keep up with the weekly ministries and events happening in our church family. click here to subscribe.



search for:



 






facebook




x



copyright 2018 first baptist church asheville, nc | site by  faithlab
 

 
 
 
 


























