



















veterinarian in edmond, ok | pampered pets veterinary clinic and spa















































 








(405) 340-8387
  info@pamperedpetsedmond.com 









 2020 n. kelly aveedmond, ok 73003 
  rate us:       











welcome to pampered pets veterinary clinic and spa 
 request an appointment today! 
 medication request   online store 








home
about

our team
our pampered pets
reviews
blog
careers


client forms

online forms


appointments
services

boarding
daycare
grooming and bathing
medical services
retail


contact
medication request
 

























call us: (405) 340-8387
get directions
request an appointment
online forms
online store
  rate us:       





















at pampered pets veterinary clinic and spa our team members are oklahoma pet lovers just like you! we designed all of our services to meet the needs of our lovable pets. dr. j. brian ledger, our veterinarian and expert pet lover, received his doctorate of veterinary medicine from oklahoma state university. he practiced small animal medicine in the metro area before opening pampered pets in 2004.

what sets us apart from other clinics
we are a one stop shop for veterinary services, grooming, bathing, daycare, day stay and overnight lodging. our lodging offers a variety of choices for your pet’s comfort including resort style suites. our pet professionals are well-trained to provide continuous interaction, supervision and of course pampering.























 about us 
pampered pets veterinary clinic and spa is proud to serve edmond, ok  and surrounding areas. we are dedicated to providing the highest level of veterinary medicine along with friendly, compassionate service. 

										read more
									















 new clients 
at pampered pets veterinary clinic and spa, you can expect state of the art medical care for your pet. we believe in nurturing the human-pet bond and creating a harmonious relationship between people and pets.

										read more
									















 our services 
here at pampered pets veterinary clinic and spa, we are pleased to have a large amount of veterinary services available for our patients. we are proud to be able to serve edmond, ok  and our surrounding communities to give your pet the best care that they deserve!

										read more
									











  

 boarding 
pampered pets offers the highest quality lodging experience for your pet. we offer 24”, 36” and 48” cages and 3’x5′ suites for your pets stay. each dog will be taken out to play and go to the bathroom a minimum of 3 times daily. we offer extra services to make your pets stay even more comfortable.
 read more 








  

 daycare 
we strive to create an environment similar to what your pet is accustomed to. your pet can have its favorite toys to make him or her feel right at home. pampered pets veterinary clinic and spa will provide blankets and bedding for your pet.
 read more 








  

 medical services 
routine physical exams are performed on patients to help ensure their health. vaccinations are recommended annually for a healthy pet. in some cases catching an illness early can be life saving.
 read more 












 trusted care for your pets and you 



 70+ 
 5 star reviews 



 100% 
 happy pets 



 1 
 top veterinarian 










 latest posts 





 why is it important to consult with your veterinarian about your pet’s diet? 
 looking after a pet is not an easy feat. if anything, it is a huge responsibility. since our furry friends are dependent on us for love, sustenance, and shelter,... 







 what to look for in pet boarding 
 there are circumstances where you have to opt for a pet boarding for your pooch. however, make sure you practice the same diligence in choosing a pet boarding facility... 







 are you allergic to your pets? a brief guide about pet allergy 
 pet allergy is a common condition, especially for those people who have asthma or allergies and pets who have fur. in the us, at least 3 in every 10... 







   
 




 visit us 
 
						our goal is for you to leave our office with a memorable and enjoyable experience, which is why our welcoming 
						and compassionate staff will do everything they can to make you feel right at home.
					 


 get in touch 





 





        				social
        			

















employees


 appointments 
we will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule. request an appointment today!
request appointment


 office hours 

monday – friday: 8am-6pm
saturday: 8am-11:30am for non medical services
sunday – closed




        				contact us
        			

 2020 n. kelly aveedmond, ok 73003  
 phone:  (405) 340-8387 








					© copyright 2025. pampered pets veterinary clinic and spa | sitemap | accessibility


website by jet digital 





  call us   text us 





skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








