







home - corsa security



























































 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer
 +1-613-287-0393


 info@corsa.com


 support


linkedintwitteryoutube
corsa securityscaling network securitysolutions

automate your managed virtual firewall service
modernize enterprise network firewalls
scaling virtual firewall clusters
complete communications monitoring
increase threat protection


products

corsa security orchestrator
corsa security platform for automating firewall virtualization
corsa security platform for scaling threat protection


verticals

large enterprise
service providers
government
state, local and education (sled)


partners

fortinet
palo alto networks
find a reseller or distributor
it consultants and professional services
industry collaboration
become a partner


resources

videos, whitepapers and other content
explainers


company

about corsa security

corsa security recycling solutions


management team
board of directors and steering committee
news and blog
careers
support


search this websitecontact us
scaling network security 
the leader in automating network security virtualization to deploy, scale and optimize virtual on-premise firewalls with speed (24x faster deployment), simplicity (zero-touch operations) and savings (5x lower tco).
learn more see it in action
























see how the cso works
check out this quick explainer video to see how the corsa security orchestrator (cso) acts like a “vm wizard” to help you deploy, scale and optimize virtual firewall clusters for terabit inspection capacity.
after you watch, book a demo to see our solution in action.



https://youtu.be/yruvp10fowa
 the benefits of the corsa security orchestrator


 speedoperate at cloud speed for business agility by integrating virtualization with intelligent orchestration to get 24x faster time to deployment.

 simplicitymanage the health, capacity and  performance of virtual firewalls with zero-touch operations through a single, simple dashboard.  

 savingseliminate up-front capex of physical firewalls to save over 78% with virtual firewalls and get 9x lower tco if you forgo diy virtualization. 

 learn more


solution brief: intelligent scaling of firewall clusters for terabit inspectionexplainer: how the corsa security orchestrator worksvideo: corsa security orchestrator demobusiness brief: offering a hosted managed virtual firewall servicetco calculation: virtual on-premise firewallssolution brief: security orchestrator
latest news and blogs
corsa security teams up with eventus security to deliver managed virtual firewall servicesseptember 7, 2023 corsa security collaborates with exordior to deliver new managed virtual firewall servicesaugust 24, 2023 corsa security works with seamless infotech to offer a new managed virtual firewall service for its customersaugust 10, 2023 

get our updates
sign up to our newsletter and get the latest corsa updates delivered to your inbox.

  



 automate network security virtualization 
talk to us about how to deploy, scale and optimize virtual on-premise firewalls with speed, simplicity and savings.
contact us
footercorsa security
we are the leader in automating network security virtualization, which helps large enterprises and service providers deploy, scale and optimize virtual on-premise firewalls with speed (24x faster deployment), simplicity (zero-touch operations) and savings (9x lower tco). by tightly integrating firewall virtualization with intelligent orchestration, the corsa security orchestrator provides an aggregated view of all your virtual firewalls while managing their infrastructure health, capacity and performance. customers subscribe to the corsa security services based on their current needs and then pay as they grow by integrating credit-based licensing from our firewall partners.
 info@corsa.com
sitemap
home
solutions
products
verticals
partners
resources
company

quick links
support
news and blog
about corsa security
corsa security platform for automating firewall virtualization
corsa security platform for scaling threat protection
corsa security orchestrator

headquarters
300 march road, suite 400ottawa, on k2k 2e2canada 
 +1-613-287-0393
san francisco
201 spear street, suite 1100san francisco, ca 94105 u.s.a. 
 +1-415-887-2131
linkedintwitteryoutube
 copyright © 2025 corsa technology inc. all rights reserved. privacy. return to top




   






















