







kikkou.com@ntom



















nto management
this site was launched in 2007 and we own a few domain names
									if you are interested in one of our domain names please use the contact option.
									
									






kikkou.com

about
contact













ntom homepage



welcome to the exclusive home of kikkou.com
this domain is for sale. elevate your brand with a premium, aged domain.

why kikkou.com?

short and simple: its a short and simple name to remember.
first registered in 1996: kikkou.com has been around since 1996, offering built-in authority and credibility to your brand.
seo advantage: an established domain like kikkou.com can give you a head start in search engine rankings.

how to purchase kikkou.com

contact us: reach out to express your interest using form below.
secure payment: complete the payment through secure escrow.com or sedo.com third party escrow services.
immediate transfer: after successful payment into the escrow, the domain will be transferred to your ownership swiftly.

a contact phone number is required to get a response.


name



email



leave blank



phone #





















back



about
we own several domains since 2007 and have held them for years, with an average holding period of 10 years.

our journey began unexpectedly with a failed $10,000 startup project. ironically, the domain ended up being worth more than everything else combined, thanks to a multiplayer online game that shared the same name.



how do we sell domains?

we try to respond to any queries on this site within 24 hours. however, we also receive contact from various scammers and ignore certain messages.
we list some of our domains on auction sites like dan.com, namesilo.com, and godaddy.com. occasionally, we try other sites.
sometimes, we reach out directly to firms we think could be interested. we do this via email at @ntom.com or via linkedin.
if a transaction does not occur through one of the auction sites mentioned in 2, then we use an escrow service for the protection of both parties (escrow.com or sedo.com).
if you request a quote for a domain, please confirm receipt so we know it's not in your spam folder.
all our quotes are time-limited. if you return in a few months, do not expect the same price.

how do we price domains?

our valuation is determined by:

how much we like a domain ourselves
the number of people trying to buy a domain
public valuations by estibot.com and godaddy.com
the shorter and older the domain, the better.















back



contact

valid international telephone number required to get a response. 


name



email



phone #



message



















back



thank you for visiting.









© ntom.com 2007-2023









