










greg pak | writer of over 600 comic books, including planet hulk, mech cadet yu, lawful, and darth vader	














































































skip to primary contentskip to secondary content


greg pak
writer of over 600 comic books, including planet hulk, mech cadet yu, lawful, and darth vader


 


search





main menu
greg pak

bio
personal blog
sweet 1990s retro site
helping hands
newsletter


comics

amadeus cho
captain america
darth vader
hulk
lawful
lilo & stitch
mech cadets
who belongs?
all comics


film & tv

fighting grandpa
mech cadets
robot stories
all film & tv


books

35mm love letter
cooking will break your heart
i belong to you / motherland
all books


buy
social

bluesky – everything
bluesky – work only
mastodon
cool links!
all social


newsletter!
 





post navigation
← older posts




amadeus cho 20th anniversary special coming this may!

posted on 2025/02/13  by  greg 


i’m thrilled to reveal that i’m writing an amadeus cho 20th anniversary special comic book for marvel, celebrating two decades of everyone’s favorite underdog hero! read all about it at aiptcomics.com!from the solicit:join amadeus, hercules and the renegades on the eve of world war hulk!
return to the era of the totally awesome hulk as amadeus and his sister maddy cho discover a long-hidden secret that might just break your heart.
finally, amadeus in his brawn era tackles a shocking new threat – and emerges in a whole new form?a quote from yours truly!“i’m a little stunned that amadeus cho has been around 20 years now and absolutely thrilled that we’re celebrating with this big one-shot,” pak shared. “i knew we had something special when tak miyazawa sent in his very first awesome designs of amadeus and his pup and scooter back when, but i don’t think any of us could have predicted how the character would absolutely take off. huge thanks to everyone who’s ever picked up a story with this scrappy underdog and enormous love to every artist, editor, and writer who’s ever contributed to his saga—especially tak for co-creating amadeus, mark paniccia for editing most of his stories, and incredible hercules co-writer fred van lente for telling so many of amadeus’s key stories with me!”the book will be drawn by tak miyazawa, creees lee, and jethro morales. the cover above is by derrick chew; the cover below is by leinil yu. please do ask your local comic shop to pre-order it for you today! 


posted in amadeus cho, comics 




beware of emails from people impersonating me!

posted on 2025/02/13  by  greg 


a few comics creators with kickstarters have reached out to tell me they’ve gotten emails from someone pretending to be me. the emails come from a gmail address and attempt to start a conversation about the recipient’s kickstarter project.these emails are not from me. i am not emailing people out of the blue about their kickstarter projects and i do not use gmail for public communication. my best guess is that whoever is doing this is trying to set people up for an overpayment scam.if you get one of these emails, do not interact. it’s not me. 


posted in comics, real world news 




la strong charity comic coming soon! pre-order today!

posted on 2025/02/12  by  greg 


i’m honored and grateful to have had the chance to contribute to the la strong charity comic for victims of the los angeles fires. the book’s edited by the great mike marts and sarah brunstad and published by mad cave with a massive list of amazing contributors. please do ask your local comic shop to preorder the book today – it hits shops on march 19.the official press release:la strong:
mad cave announces creative lineup for la fire relief anthology
a powerhouse lineup of comic creators unites for la strong, a charity anthology dedicated to supporting wildfire relief efforts in los angeles
for immediate release:
feb. 10, 2025, (portland, or) — in response to the devastating wildfires that swept through los angeles last month, mad cave studios is proud to announce the creative team behind la strong: a charity comic for victims of the los angeles fires, uniting an all-star roster of creators to support those affected by the disaster.
curated by mad cave studios evp mike marts and editor sarah brunstad, la strong brings together some of the most powerful voices in comics to tell stories of resilience, community, and hope in the face of adversity. featuring contributions from barbara kessel, brian azzarello, brian michael bendis, christos gage, dan didio, daniel kibblesmith, frank tieri, greg pak, jimmy palmiotti, jody houser, marv wolfman, paul cornell, rob denbleyker, sina grace, stephanie phillips, steve orlando, alex cormack, alison sampson, amanda conner, christian ward, geraldo borges, ian churchill, michael avon oeming, nico leon, rian gonzales, salvador larroca, sami kivelä, and many, many more. together, as a community, we can be la strong for one another! 100% of the profits will be donated to relief efforts.
all proceeds from la strong will be donated to creators affected by the disaster. in addition, mad cave studios joins dav pilkey, forefront books, ingram content group, and macmillan publishers in supporting binc’s matching gift effort with a $10,000 contribution—ensuring that every donation made has double the impact, up to $45,000. the book industry charitable (binc) foundation’s california wildfires fund is a nonprofit dedicated to assisting booksellers in need, which provides direct financial assistance to booksellers, comic shops, and store employees displaced or impacted by the fires.
the comics community has always united in times of crisis, and mad cave studios is proud to support la strong: a charity comic for victims of the los angeles fires in its vital mission.
together, we can create meaningful change! la strong will be available in shops on march 19th and is now available for preorder.
for more information about the binc foundation and how you can contribute, visit https://bincfoundation.org/.
get the latest news on mad cave studios on social media, or visit www.madcavestudios.com to check out the full lineup of new releases, licenses, and celebrated creator-owned titles!
for additional press queries, please contact don’t hide pr, melissa meszaros: melissa@donthidepr.com.
mad cave studios, established in 2014, is an independent publisher committed to providing the very best in graphic storytelling. mad cave’s catalog includes a captivating blend of licensed, creator-owned, and original works, created by a diverse cast of storytellers focused on cultivating impactful character-driven narratives. mad cave studios is the parent company to maverick, nakama press, and papercutz, enriching the literary landscape for readers of all ages. 


posted in comics, helping hands 




2025-02-12 – sam wilson: captain america #2 in comic shops today!

posted on 2025/02/12  by  greg 


thrilled to report that sam wilson: captain america #2 hits comic shops today! the book was written by evan narcisse and greg pak (hey, that’s me!) with interior art by eder messias, colors by fer sifuentes-sujo, letters by joe caramagna, cover by taurin clarke, and editing by alanna smith and danny khazem.from the official solicit:after eaglestar shows its true colors, sam tangles with their big, red and furious head of security. but another player is about to enter the fray: josiah x! he’s got a new mission and a new look – but is he there to help sam or pursue his own agenda?check out a gorgeous preview here and ask your local comic shop to hold a copy for you today! 


posted in calendar, captain america, comics 




greg pak to contribute a story to cruel kingdom #4, coming this april

posted on 2025/01/28  by  greg 


just stumbled across this listing on the midtown comics page, so the cat’s out of the bag! i’m writing one of the stories in the cruel kingdom #4 anthology book from ec comics and oni! check out this incredible gabriel rodriguez cover!here’s the official solicit:in ec’s final slash through the realms of fatalistic fantasy, step once more through the vale into a shadowy world of demons and dragons, alchemy and anguish . . . where a fork in the path can bet the difference between untold treasures and certain doom! leading this month’s dark excursions into the weirdest frontiers of wonder: j. holtham, greg pak, valeria burzo & more!feel free to ask your local retailer to pre-order it for you today! 


posted in comics, cruel kingdom 




2025-01-22 – lawful #7 in comic shops now! check out the rave review!

posted on 2025/01/23  by  greg 


thrilled to report that lawful #7 is now in comic shops — and has earned an absolute rave 9.2/10 review from the super powered fancast, which calls it “a powerful, engaging and entertaining issue.”read the whole review here!check out a lettered preview here!and ask your local comic shop to hold a copy for you today — and to preorder the big finale issue #8 for you!lawful #7 was published by boom! studios and written by greg pak with line art by diego galindo, colors by irma kniivila, letters by simon bowland and taylor esposito, covers by qistina khalidah, miguel mercado (above), erica henderson, and editing by shante laroque and david mariotte. 


posted in calendar, comics, lawful 




i’m deleting instagram

posted on 2025/01/22  by  greg 


i’m deleting instagram. please visit gregpak.fyi to find all my links.for more on the specific social media sites i’m using and not using, please visit gregpak.com/social. 


posted in meta, real world news, tech support 




2025-01-27 – 02-10 – carmine di giandomenico’s magneto testament art to be displayed in a “holokaust v komikse” exhibit in slovakia

posted on 2025/01/22  by  greg 


curator nicola d’agostino reached out to me on mastodon to let me know about this exhibit in slovakia, which includes some of carmine di giandomenico’s art from our magneto testament book. read about it here (in slovak).from the english translation of the page:visitors will be able to admire the work of the cartoonists paolo bacilieri, lorena canottiere, carmine di giandomenico and pietro scarnera who have addressed the topic of the shoah from various points of view and with different narrative and graphic approaches. they range from biography to fantastic storytelling, from historical reconstructions faithful to bittersweet reflections and from intimate portraits to dramatic action.magneto testament remains one of the comics projects i’m most proud of contributing to. much gratitude to carmine, as always, and big thanks to nicola for organizing this exhibition. 


posted in calendar, comics, magneto testament, uncategorized 




how to (and why you should) make a personal website

posted on 2025/01/19  by  greg 


over the last couple of weeks, we’ve seen meta push anti-lgbqt “moderation” policies and tiktok shut down after being banned by the us government — further confirmation that no social media site will last forever and anyone who needs to reach folks via the internet should build their own independent presence and contacts.so how the heck do we do that? based on 26 years of internet self-promotion starting with my 1999 aol hometown page, i’m pretty comfortable offering the following simple strategy:make your own website, one of your very own that no one else controls, with your own custom domain name. (this is easier than it sounds — the website can be super simple — i’ll explain shortly!)
then start a newsletter (making sure the newsletter service allows you to export and move your subscribers) and link it to your website. 
plug your website and newsletter on your social media accounts and whenever you do events so you build your own mailing list that will endure no matter what. now when the social media site dies or gets overwhelmed by bigots, you still have a way to connect with folks who like your stuff.
yes, we should all be blogging, too… but that’s an added bonus and we’ll talk about that at the end.
pat yourself on the back! now you have some independence and options and will be left just a little less desperate when the next social media site craters!read on for a very practical rundown of how all these steps work, concluding with an html template for setting up a very basic but totally serviceable static website!1. register your own domain namethe first step in establishing a web presence that endures no matter what is to register your own domain name — gregpak.com, for example, is my main domain and my business home base. when you maintain your own domain (and point it to your own website), people will always be able to find you, no matter what happens to any social media service. a bunch of different companies provide domain registration services; i use dynadot, which charges reasonable fees and has a good management interface. (if you use this referrer link to dynadot, you’ll get a small discount and i’ll get a small commission over there.)a key part of picking your domain name is clarity and simplicity — you want something that immediately identifies it as you or your business, that you can easily say out loud (when you’re interviewed on a podcast, for example), and that folks have a chance of remembering. sadly, your first choices for an old school .com or .net domain have probably been taken over the last few decades. but these days, you’ve got more options with tlds .link, .monster, and .fyi — and some are really cheap!still, be careful with the newer tlds — as i understand it, some of the cheaper, newer tlds are more prone to misuse by spammers. so especially if you’re planning to use your domain for email, it might be safer to stick with a .com or .net to avoid the possibility of isps preemptively blocking your messages. for what it’s worth, i haven’t had any trouble with folks visiting my gregpak.nexus or gregpak.link websites, although i haven’t tried running email through those domains.also please note that when you register your domain, you have to list contact information, including an address, that’s shared with the public. for privacy’s sake, i always recommend taking out a mail box and using that for your contact address. but you can and should also pick the domain privacy option that good domain registers offer. when you enable domain privacy, the registrar replaces your address with its own in the public record. the registrar will then forward any communications to you, but your actual contact info remains private.2. make your own website!just like that, huh? yes, because it can be really simple! and you could probably get a basic but entirely serviceable web page up and running in about half an hour!to be clear, we’re not talking about a website with an integrated blog or comments or much flash at all. but that’s not what we need at this point. to start with, we just need a simple, clean, attractive home page that lets folks know who you are, what you do, and provides the links to the stuff you’re pushing — like your newsletter and books or whatever. and that’s something you — yes, you! — can probably manage to put together and put online today at an independent webhost like neocities.org (which i love).my friend preeti chhibber got me and a bunch of other writers hooked on neocities when she used it to create a brilliantly awful 1990s retro geocities-style site to promote her new book. i made my own retro 1990s site using actual old graphics and design from my actual 1999 website — and ended up falling in love all over again with those simple, effective design techniques.to build a site using neocities, you just need a little bit of html knowledge, which you can pick up quickly through the neocities beginner tutorial or a fantastic and easy resource suggested by scott andrew called html for people.and then you’re ready to try out template of an incredibly basic but still functional personal website built in html that i put together based on my retro 1990s site! feel free to check it out!to nab the page source of that template, go to your browser toolbar and look for “page source” — in firefox you can find it via tools > browser tools > page source. without even knowing much html, you can even learn as you go, pasting that template code into an index.html file in your neocities folder, then looking through the code and replacing words like “your-link-here” with your own information.the images you use should go into a folder called “pix” in your neocities main folder. you’ll have to create that on your own; it’s not there by default.i was thrilled to hear that someone made use of this template and uploaded her own website within an hour or two of my posting it! you can check out kristen thompson’s website to see it in action.is this the greatest webpage ever? nope! is it a barebones but functional home base that you can improve on? heck, yes! and yes, please be assured that this is crappy code! even kinda crappy for html in 1999! but it actually… works! still! in 2025! and as you get more confident and develop your own web design skills, you can improve and replace it whenever you want.also too: inspired by this template, the awesome scott andrew has posted a template for a webcomic page! check it out!3. figure out your privacy policyi am not a lawyer, so i am not offering any legal advice here. but as i understand it, laws such as the european union’s gdpr require websites to post privacy policies that describe how they collect and use visitor’s data. according to webhost wix.com, “your website must have a privacy policy letting visitors know what information you will collect, what you will do with it, how you’ll protect it and the recourse for privacy violations.”the most barebones html websites may not collect any identifiable data from users. but that changes if collect any kind of stats or attach a newsletter or a blog with comments or any third party element that installs cookies or trackers. since the plan i’m proposing includes a newsletter and possibly a blog, be sure to include those activities in your privacy policy as well.again, i’m not a lawyer can’t can’t advise on what should be in a privacy policy, but here are links from wix and wordpress discussing the process:https://www.wix.com/blog/how-to-write-website-privacy-policyhttps://wordpress.com/go/website-building/how-to-write-and-add-a-privacy-policy-to-your-wordpress-site4. point your custom domain to your neocities websiteif you use neocities for free, you get a default domain name like gregpak.neocities.org. but if you upgrade to $5 a month, you can have any custom domain you own point to your site. that’s what i did, so my neocities site is now gregpak.nexus, which is hilarious.(a nice bonus is that if you upgrade, you can also create multiple sites, each with their own domain. i’d bought the cheap domain gregpak.link on a whim, but now i’ve got it set up through neocities as my linktree replacement. so that’s nice!)as discussed above, the big advantage of using your own domain name is that it’s easier to share with folks, and as search engines log the site and other pages link to your page, you establish your permanent presence online with a domain that you own and that never changes even if you change webhosting services.to connect your custom domain to your website, you’ll have to change the dns settings that your domain registration company maintains for you. every webhost will have specific instructions on how to do that; i’ll just briefly go over how it works with neocities and dynadot.upgrade to the paid neocities plan, which is currently $5 a month. (only paid plans on neocities can have custom domains.)
on neocities, go to settings > sites > manage site settings > custom domain. there you’ll see instructions about adding an “a record,” “aaaa record,” and “cname record” with your domain registrar.
on dynadot, go to my domains > manage domains > [your domain here] > dns settings. you’re probably pre-set here with “dynadot parking”; from the dropdown menu, pick “dynadot dns.” now under “domain record” you’ll be able to create the “a” and “aaaa” records that neocities told you about. just input the values neocites gave you for each type. under the “sub-domain records” input “www” as a subdomain, cname as a record type, and your domain name as the “ip address/destination.”
back on the the neocities settings page, input your custom domain in the field in step 6.if all goes well, when you type your custom domain into a browser, it should now bring up your neocities site. it may take a little time to fully propagate, i.e. for all the servers around the world to process the new directives, so be prepared for a little hinkiness for a bit. but it should be working properly within a few minutes or hours, and now you’ve got a home base on the internet that no one can take away from you!if at some point you decide to switch webhosts or upgrade to a wordpress site with a blog, you can just backup whatever you need from neocities, upload it to your new webhost or service, and then follow the new webhost’s instructions to update your dns settings with your domain registrar so your domain name points to the new webhost. one important privacy note about neocities: by default the system creates a public “feed” for your website that automatically posts on your public neocities profile when you update your site. that’s a great idea in theory, but by default the system creates thumbnailed screenshots of your updated pages and shares them. that’s far less than ideal if you’re in the habit (like me) of “publishing” pages in secret before you link them to your home page for public consumption. i noticed those screenshots were showing pages-in-progress with unfinished or slug text, which i had no intention of sharing. so i deleted those updates and disabled my “site profile” in my settings.5. set up a newsletteryes, i know, setting up an email newsletter has become a cliché. but email remains the best way to stay in contact with folks online if and when social media sites collapse. so building a subscriber list of folks who want to get your updates remains the best current strategy for ensuring you can stay in touch with your greatest supporters.for years, i used the newsletters built into my website hosting software, including the mailpoet plugin for wordpress. but mantaining that plugin took considerable time and effort, so this year i finally switched to an outside email newsletter service. when i asked on bluesky, alex de campi recommended buttondown, which i’ve been pretty happy with so far. (if you try out buttondown, please feel free to use this referral link, which will get you a discount and me a commission.)several things sold me on buttondown:first, it was affordable. with my number of subscribers, my mailpoet service was close to hitting the next subscription level, which would have cost me $20 or so more per month. buttondown’s tiers will keep me at $29 per month until i hit 4000 subscribers, which will take a while. 
second, i liked the interface for writing emails more. mailpoet is integrated with wordpress, which makes it very easy to access previously uploaded images. but it uses blocks to put emails together, which plenty of people love, but i find clunky. buttondown allows for more straightforward writing with markdown or a simple wysiwyg system. 
third, buttondown has had spectacular customer service. i’ve had a few hinky moments during set up — including an import problem where the system only imported the creation date and not the confirmation date of each subscriber. but when i emailed support, i heard back very quickly with incredibly helpful information and service. (and yes, they fixed that problem for me.)
fourth, i can easily export my subscriber list from buttondown and port it over to another service provider if ever want to. that’s an essential part of this entire strategy — being able to retain and control and move our contacts no matter what happens to our service providers.
fifth, buttondown has a fantastic signup interface that does a great job of reminding people to confirm their subscriptions, which is required by modern privacy law and can sometimes be a tough thing to get folks to do.
finally, i’m not a lawyer, but as buttondown has explained in their blog, newsletters are also required to include a mailing address in each email they send. fortunately, buttondown allows their customers to use their address for that purpose, which is a positive for me privacy-wise. (as noted earlier, i’ve also made sure to include my newsletter’s activity in my website’s privacy policy and included a link and language in my signup page that affirms subscribers agree to the privacy policy.)ghost and behiiv and mailchimp are probably the most popular alternatives to buttondown. i have friends or colleagues who use all of those, but i haven’t tried them out so i can’t comment directly about them.6. what was that about blogging again?with just a website and newsletter, you’re way ahead of the game. but i’m a huge proponent of bringing back old school blogging, which is what social media was before “social media” existed. a frequently updated blog gives visitors a general reason to visit your site and specific blog posts can bring in mass amount of traffic if they happen to catch on. it’s absolutely possible to blog with a static html neocities site – handcoding updates like we did back in 1999! you can see an example of that right here.but if you’re going to do more extensive, serious blogging and updating and want more automation, you might consider upgrading to a dynamic website solution like wordpress. many websites you wouldn’t think of as “blogs” are built with wordpress — it makes any kind of frequent updating much easier.my business site, gregpak.com, runs on a wordpress.org installation on a private webhost. it was kind of a bear to set up and not something you’d wanna try on your own if you’ve never done that kind of thing before. but my personal/political blog, gregpak.net, runs on wordpress.com, which is a lot easier for beginners to manage. wordpress.com basically works like a webhosting company with preinstalled wordpress blogging software. so the blog is all set up for you from the beginning – you just customize it for your needs.the big advantage of wordpress sites are that they have all the tools to manage lots of updates/pages/files and you can make changes to menus/widgets that apply throughout the entire site automatically – no need to correct each menu on every page by hand if you wanna tweak it, for example.wordpress sites also do a pretty good job of looking “professional” out of the box, which is both an advantage and a disadvantage, in my book. there’s a kind of sameness to a lot of wordpress sites that can become… boring? but if you know html and are willing to learn some css, you can tweak the templates and make your site look and operate pretty much however you want. i wrote about my own adventures in making my 2025 wordpress a bit more user-friendly by using inspiration from my 1990s-retro site.but wordpress is both a bit pricier than something like neocities and, in my experience, requires more knowledge, attention, and maintenance to keep things running properly.so another way to add a blog to your site is to use a service like bearblog.dev, which was recommended to me by jess m. on bluesky. i’ve just started fiddling with bearblog, but i love its extreme simplicity and the ethos of its creator, herman, who says he’s building software “to last forever.” you can also have a custom domain point to bearblog, which helps keep it under your own branding and domain name. you can even make it part of your existing website by setting dns to point to a bearblog installation in a subdomain of your main domain. right now, my testing bearblog site lives at blog.gregpak.nexus, which i think means that if bearblog.dev goes down and i can’t use the service any longer, i could conceivably rebuilt that subdomain with another host and fill it with static files of my archived blog.7. now we just gotta use ’em and share!this article became longer and more detailed than i anticipated, but i hope that doesn’t make it intimidating. i’m pretty sure that if you (yes, you!) have an hour to spare, you can indeed get a barebones site up and running at neocities.org, which is a big advantage over having nothing. and if you have a few more hours, you can learn how to further improve and customize it and maybe add a newsletter — or maybe even that blog.but then to make it all work, you have to actually use and share that site and newsletter link. a few quick pointers for keeping it alive.add your website link to your social media biographies. this is key, and i’m kind of shocked by how often folks don’t do this. our social media accounts will disappear in the fullness of time; these sites aren’t permanent. so stick your domain name in your bio so people can find you there and subscribe to your newsletter. having your website in your bio also lets you make a great first impression — say you’re an artist and an editor is thinking about hiring you. if they find your social media site, they can click on your website link and immediately see your awesome art. do it, friends!
make a “cool links” page on your website and share the sites of friends and colleagues. this is how we did it back in the day — we found out about other cool sites from the links pages of cool sites we visited. let’s bring that vibe back. here’s my cool links page, if you need any inspiration.
post updates from your site and links to your newsletter on your social media accounts. now is not the time to be shy. your social media followers followed you because they’re interested in what you do. share it with them! multiple times a day, even! different people sign into social media at different times; if you post about a new project in the morning, repost that thing in the midday and evening so everyone has a chance to see it. 
consider collecting emails at live events. back in the early 2000s, i passed around a pad and pen and collected email addresses for my mailing list after every film screening. these days, subscribers have to confirmed, so you can’t just add those emails directly to your email list and start sending them newsletters. but you can email them once after the event with the signup link to your newsletter. i’m thinking about starting this up again. whatever it takes!
web rings? omg web rings! back in the 1990s, before the dominance of social media and search engines, we had glorious web rings that connected like-minded or similarly themed webpages through a chain of links. and guess what? they’re kind of back? i found some awesome, simple webring code provided by garlic.garden and built a web ring for dorks (complimentary) for retro sites like gregpak.nexus. could this take off for more modern sites? ii don’t know, but i’m hoping to find out!it’s okay to kind of suck at thisas much as i’m trying to make this all seem simple, it’s a lot, isn’t it? most of us just want to make our comics or write our books or whatever; we don’t want to be web designers and webmasters and publicity coordinators. unfortunately, no one else is gonna do it for us — unless you’re wildly wealthy and can hire a team, which i assume isn’t you if you’re reading this. so it’s up to us.but i think it’s important to recognize that doing any of this is vastly better than doing none of it. and having a barebones but functional website is better than having no way for folks to find out about you or your work. so if all you have the spoons for is cobbling together the most basic page, so be it! you’ve done that much, and that’s great!if you’re lucky, you might also discover that you enjoy this kind of work. preeti has written about the joy of working on her 1990s retro site. as she writes in her html handcoded blog, “making things is fun.” figuring out all of this and putting together fun sites and linking into a community of fellow creatives who are making their own sites can be incredibly satisfying and good for the mind and soul.best wishes and please do let me know on bluesky if this has been helpful — or if you’ve made your own site! 


posted in craft & business, meta, tech support 




redesigned my website – with inspiration from 1999

posted on 2025/01/15  by  greg 


last week my friend preeti chhibber made a goofy, fun, retro geocities-style website using neocities.org to promote her book and inspired a bunch of other writers — including me — to play along. i dug up my old backup drives, found the original graphics and code i used for my members.aol.com website back in 1999, and built gregpak.nexus using good ol’ html 2.0. and it is a thing of beauty. just… look at it!it gets even better — click and scroll for all kinds of goodies — including a functioning web ring! in 2025! i know, astounding!so this is all just for fun. but it feels right because something about it is right. as preeti wrote in her blog, “right now, it feels like we’re in a world with tech trying to take over the things we create as human beings, so maybe i am chasing the alternative we used to have. we made things and tech was there to serve whatever purpose we needed to.”when i handcode a hinky little site using html, i’m actually making something. something unique, with my messy little fingerprints and decisions and quirks all over it. and the code all makes sense; it might get complicated and i might screw it up, but i can figure it out and type it up and it gives me clear results that i can then tweak and improve to my liking. that’s enormous — not just a sense of control, but actual control in a world in which so much control over the most basic things in our lives has been taken away. on a human, ethical, and emotional level, it’s just… good.but what kind of shocked me was realizing that on a practical design level, my goofy little gregpak.nexus site was actually better in many ways than my fancy, “professional” wordpress gregpak.com site.first, it’s just fun to look at. and fun means a ton on the internet — it gets people to look and click, which is what all these business websites are supposed to do. that by itself is solid gold.second, gregpak.nexus loads in a split second — because we optimized everything for dialup back in the day and a hinky html site isn’t loaded down with cookies and trackers and all kinds of other bloat from third party add-ons. it’s an actual relief visiting these neocities.org sites after slogging through slow modern websites.third, gregpak.nexus looks great on a desktop or mobile. it’s just one long column so there’s none of that kludgy reformatting that makes sites that look great on a desktop look boring on mobile.fourth, it’s just cleaner and better. yes, a lot of neocities sites aim to actually be much less clean with a bunch of animated gifs and sparkly backgrounds, and that’s awesome, too. but back in the day, i was aiming for as straightforward a navigation experience as possible. i’ve tried to find wordpress themes that keep things simple, and i think my 2024 site below looks pretty darn good — particularly after i went into the css and reduced the size of the headlines and cut back on some excessive white space. but after staring at gregpak.nexus for a few days, gregpak.com felt way too busy, somehow.so i stole some time and picked a new wordpress theme (actually a very old theme, twenty eleven), and revamped the site. and here’s what it looks like now:the whole thing’s cleaner and clearer. i don’t use most of the social media sites associated with icons on the 2024 homepage — so i got rid of four of them. and i reduced the size of my pak man productions log and added a greg pak shop square, because sending people to my shop should be one of the primary functions of the site. i also got rid of the third column on the right (the “latest posts” widget still exists — it’s now just a bit further down in the left hand column). that gives more room for the main content to be easily and quickly read without distraction. and there’s even a little space on the left for a little retro fun with my “open directory cool site” award graphic (i was so proud of getting that distinction back in 1999) and a classic dog gif that’s a link to my gregpak.nexus site.important on a subtle level is that there’s less wasted white space and fewer unnecessary graphics like that black bar at the top of the right hand column on the original site. these aren’t things you might think a lot about when visiting a site, but they’re subliminal distractions. as it is now, there are fewer things to look at and click on, but the things you see are all important and the clicks go to good places.some technical notes for the true wordpress nerds reading this: to get the twenty eleven theme working they way i wanted, i added css to drastically reduce the size of the post headlines and i reduced the amount of padding in multiple places. i also tweaked the category php file to change the way the names of categories appear on their indexes to match the way the names of regular pages appear, making the font bigger and bolder and removing the “category archive” text. i use category indexes like mini-websites for each of my different projects, and the tiny headers of the original design don’t make sense for that function. it’s all much clearer now.i also figured out that when you’re uploading a banner image (which the theme recommends should be 1000 x 288 pixels), the system first checks to see how tall it is, so if you’ve uploaded an image shorter than 288 pixels, it won’t let you crop it at its full width. sounds a bit confusing, but the upshot is that if you want to have a banner shorter than 288 pixels, you need to upload an image as tall or taller than 288 pixels. then the system will make the whole thing available for use and you can make it shorter using the crop tool.i’m not entirely done — the revamped site doesn’t look as great as it could on mobile because the search window moves up to cover part of the header. and the twenty eleven theme apparently doesn’t play well with the yoast plugin, which is what enabled me to have a custom image load when i shared a link to my homepage on social. (when yoast is enabled on twenty eleven, the website’s name and description show up twice in the “title” descriptor of the website, which is messy and could cause seo problems.) i could probably figure those things out by digging into the code of the wordpress theme, but i’ve got other things to take care of, so i’m gonna let ’em slide for now.all in all, massive success, in my opinion! thank you, preeti! and thank you 1999 me for providing me with the graphics and code and inspiration to rediscover the bits of old school design that helped me improve my site 26 years later. 


posted in craft & business, meta, other writing, tech support 



post navigation
← older posts






  

greg pak is a writer and filmmaker who's written over 600 comic books, including planet hulk, mech cadet yu, lawful, and darth vader. this is his awesome work site. for his personal blog, visit gregpak.net.

sign up for the newsletter!
     
 
     



  




recent posts


amadeus cho 20th anniversary special coming this may!


beware of emails from people impersonating me!


la strong charity comic coming soon! pre-order today!


2025-02-12 – sam wilson: captain america #2 in comic shops today!


greg pak to contribute a story to cruel kingdom #4, coming this april


blog categoriesblog categories
select category
audio
books
   35mm love letter
   abc disgusting
   cooking will break your heart
   i belong to you / motherland
   kickstarter secrets
   make comics like the pros
   planet hulk (prose novel)
   princess who saved her friends
   princess who saved herself
calendar
comics
   1602: new world
   action comics
   agents of atlas
   alpha flight
   amadeus cho
   astonishing x-men
   atlantis attacks
   batman/superman
   battlestar galactica
   big trouble in little china/escape from new york
   captain america
   citizen
   city boy
   code monkey save world
   cruel kingdom
   darth vader
   dead man’s run
   doctor strange
   duo
   eternal warrior
   firefly
   hercules
   hulk
   hulkverines
   iron man
   james bond 007
   john wick
   jubilee
   kingsway west
   lawful
   lilo & stitch
   los robos
   magneto testament
   marvel nemesis
   mech cadet yu
   mech cadets
   phantom limb ghostpuncher
   phoenix
   red skull
   rio chino
   ronin island
   shang-chi
   silver surfer
   skaar
   star wars
   storm
   stranger things
   superman
   turok
   vision machine
   war machine
   warbound
   warlock
   wave
   weapon h
   weapon x
   who belongs?
   x-treme x-men
craft & business
featured
film & tv
   all amateur ecstasy
   asian pride porn
   cat fight tonight
   everybody’s supersonic
   fighting grandpa
   happy fun room
   happy hamptons holiday camp
   mech cadets
   mister green
   mouse
   mr. lee
   ode to margaret cho
   penny marshall project
   po mo knock knock
   robot stories
   super power blues
friends
other projects
   #asamcreatorrollcall
   filmhelp
      filmhelp: actors
      filmhelp: computers/websites
      filmhelp: festivals & distribution
      filmhelp: funding
      filmhelp: general
      filmhelp: interviews
      filmhelp: opportunities
      filmhelp: post-production
      filmhelp: pre-production
      filmhelp: production
      filmhelp: rights & legal
      filmhelp: screenwriting
   greg’s twitter novel
   helping hands
   meta
   pak talks comics
   pakcast
   question time
   tech support
   three good things
   tiny details
other writing
photography
poetry
psa
real world news
uncategorized


blog archives blog archives

select month
 february 2025 
 january 2025 
 december 2024 
 november 2024 
 october 2024 
 august 2024 
 june 2024 
 may 2024 
 march 2024 
 february 2024 
 january 2024 
 november 2023 
 october 2023 
 september 2023 
 august 2023 
 july 2023 
 june 2023 
 may 2023 
 april 2023 
 march 2023 
 february 2023 
 january 2023 
 december 2022 
 november 2022 
 october 2022 
 september 2022 
 august 2022 
 june 2022 
 may 2022 
 march 2022 
 february 2022 
 january 2022 
 december 2021 
 november 2021 
 october 2021 
 september 2021 
 august 2021 
 july 2021 
 june 2021 
 may 2021 
 april 2021 
 february 2021 
 january 2021 
 december 2020 
 november 2020 
 october 2020 
 september 2020 
 august 2020 
 july 2020 
 may 2020 
 march 2020 
 february 2020 
 january 2020 
 december 2019 
 november 2019 
 october 2019 
 september 2019 
 may 2019 
 april 2019 
 march 2019 
 february 2019 
 january 2019 
 november 2018 
 october 2018 
 september 2018 
 august 2018 
 july 2018 
 june 2018 
 may 2018 
 april 2018 
 march 2018 
 february 2018 
 january 2018 
 december 2017 
 november 2017 
 october 2017 
 september 2017 
 august 2017 
 july 2017 
 june 2017 
 may 2017 
 march 2017 
 february 2017 
 january 2017 
 november 2016 
 october 2016 
 september 2016 
 august 2016 
 july 2016 
 june 2016 
 may 2016 
 april 2016 
 december 2015 
 november 2015 
 october 2015 
 september 2015 
 august 2015 
 july 2015 
 june 2015 
 may 2015 
 april 2015 
 march 2015 
 february 2015 
 january 2015 
 december 2014 
 november 2014 
 october 2014 
 september 2014 
 august 2014 
 july 2014 
 june 2014 
 may 2014 
 april 2014 
 march 2014 
 february 2014 
 january 2014 
 december 2013 
 november 2013 
 october 2013 
 september 2013 
 august 2013 
 july 2013 
 june 2013 
 may 2013 
 april 2013 
 march 2013 
 february 2013 
 january 2013 
 december 2012 
 november 2012 
 october 2012 
 september 2012 
 august 2012 
 july 2012 
 june 2012 
 may 2012 
 april 2012 
 march 2012 
 february 2012 
 january 2012 
 december 2011 
 november 2011 
 october 2011 
 september 2011 
 august 2011 
 july 2011 
 may 2011 
 april 2011 
 march 2011 
 february 2011 
 january 2011 
 december 2010 
 november 2010 
 october 2010 
 september 2010 
 august 2010 
 july 2010 
 june 2010 
 may 2010 
 april 2010 
 march 2010 
 february 2010 
 january 2010 
 december 2009 
 november 2009 
 october 2009 
 september 2009 
 august 2009 
 july 2009 
 june 2009 
 may 2009 
 april 2009 
 march 2009 
 february 2009 
 january 2009 
 december 2008 
 november 2008 
 october 2008 
 september 2008 
 august 2008 
 july 2008 
 june 2008 
 may 2008 
 april 2008 
 march 2008 
 february 2008 
 january 2008 
 december 2007 
 november 2007 
 october 2007 
 september 2007 
 august 2007 
 july 2007 
 june 2007 
 may 2007 
 april 2007 
 march 2007 
 february 2007 
 january 2007 
 december 2006 
 november 2006 
 october 2006 
 september 2006 
 august 2006 
 july 2006 
 june 2006 
 may 2006 
 april 2006 
 march 2006 
 february 2006 
 january 2006 
 december 2005 
 november 2005 
 october 2005 
 september 2005 
 august 2005 
 july 2005 
 june 2005 
 may 2005 
 april 2005 
 november 2004 
 july 2004 
 june 2004 
 may 2004 
 april 2004 
 march 2004 
 january 2004 
 november 2003 
 october 2003 
 september 2003 
 august 2003 
 june 2003 
 may 2003 
 april 2003 
 january 2003 
 october 2002 
 august 2002 
 may 2002 
 april 2002 
 july 2001 
 june 2001 
 april 2001 
 march 2001 
 february 2001 
 january 2001 
 november 2000 
 october 2000 
 may 2000 
 april 2000 
 june 1999 
 may 1999 


rss - posts
most popular recent postsdownloadable ms word comic book script template!a love letter and guide to the canon ftb: the best first film camera ever?master list of places to preorder comics online!i did the minolta x-370 capacitor fix! (and then i discovered the real problem!)sneak peek of city boy, a brand new dc comics character co-created by greg pak and minkyu jungstranger things: erica the great coming this november!2022-10-19 - stranger things - afterschool adventures omnibusgreg pak | biothe pitch document for mech cadet yurethinking social media, the internet, and email newsletters for creators in 2018 












© 1999-2025 pak man productions, ltd. all rights reserved.

 


privacy policy 
					proudly powered by wordpress				







 




















































































































