







nancy clark rd – sports nutritionist & author



































































 











socialize with nancy: 


 
 617-962-4382
info@nancyclarkrd.com
 login


 

 0
 search




no products in the cart.


cart
total:$0.00



















 

 0




no products in the cart.


cart
total:$0.00







home
about nancy
make appointment
books

sports nutrition guidebook
food guide for marathoners
the cyclist’s food guide
food guide for women’s soccer
food guide for new runners
home study ceus for sports nutrition guidebook


handouts & presentations
homestudy & workshop
coaching for rds
resources
store
my account
blog
contact
testimonials
 











home












nancy is an internationally known sports nutritionist and best-selling author trusted by many top athletes.




technically speaking, nancy is a registered dietitian (rd) and board certified specialist in sports dietetics (cssd). practically speaking, she is a food coach and nutrition educator. she offers one-on-one personalized sports nutrition counseling to casual exercisers and competitive athletes at her private practice in the boston-area (newton) as well as online in her virtual office. she teaches her clients how to have more energy, lose undesired body fat, enjoy a winning sports diet—and feel confident about their food choices.











nancy’s best selling nancy clark’s sports nutrition guidebook has sold over 750,000 copies. it is now available in it’s 6th edition (2020). her food guides for new runners, marathoners, soccer players and bicyclists, are handy resources. they include tips on daily eating and how to effectively lose weight.




nancy also has created sports nutrition handouts and powerpoint presentations that are available for purchase by nutrition educators and professionals throughout the country.




some of the more renowned clients that have relied on nancy’s expertise in diet for sports conditioning to gain a competitive edge have included members of: boston celtics, boston college, and many collegiate, elite and olympic athletes from a variety of sports. she has been team nutritionist for the boston red sox baseball team. her online workshops with teams and clubs have gotten rave reviews. as coach tommy owens said, “i can’t begin to tell how perfect your zoom sports nutrition presentation was for our training group. in my 29 years with team in training, i have never seen such an attentive group. it was fantastic to see their interest and involvement. “





for casual and competitive athletes




nancy has extensive sports nutrition counseling experience with both fitness exercisers and serious athletes. in one-on-one sessions, she coaches her clients on ways to create a daily food plan that is sustainable for the long-term, and helps them reach their weight, health, and performance goals.more info




nancy’s experience working with sports-active people is also evident in her writing. she knows what nutrition information people need and want. she has written popular books for the serious athlete or active person who wants to eat optimally for health and energy. her books offer the “how to’s” of sports nutrition, including sample meal plans and recipes that will become part of your daily sports diet. more info




a few of the topics covered include importance of nutrition in sports conditioning/training and diet, triathlon training, proper nutrition for endurance sports and strength/power sports, how to lose undesired body fat with the right balance of exercise and diet, and how to correct dieting gone awry.




nancy conducts sports nutrition workshops locally, nationally, and online. she has paired up with renowned sports nutrition researcher john ivy phd. to deliver valuable info you can put into practice immediately. if you are a serious athlete, this online workshop offers the information you need to achieve a personal best. more info





for health professionals 




nancy has created a full spectrum of sports nutrition teaching resources. no need to re-invent the wheel! she has outstanding power point presentations that make giving talks fun for yourself and the audience. she offers four complete presentations: sports nutrition for student athletes (quiz format), sports nutrition (lecture format), commercial sports foods, and dieting, weight & exercise. more info




if you have considered writing a sports nutrition column for a newsletter or your own clients but never seem to find the time to do so, nancy has a solution for you. every month, you can receive a fresh, new article — all the research, and writing is done for you. more info




if your clients are asking you for information on exercise-related nutrition topics, nancy’s handouts are ready and waiting. she has 16 copier-ready handouts, each on a different sports nutrition topic, available individually or as set. more info




if you are a registered dietitian, coach, personal trainer or athletic trainer, check out nancy’s online workshop on nutrition for exercise; you can earn 10 hours of ceus. if you’d prefer to hear nancy speak in person, consider inviting her to be a keynote speaker at your meeting or conference. she enjoys sharing her knowledge with other health professionals. more info






 







connect with nancy




contact nancy office address:
1155 walnut street, suite 21
newton highlands. ma 02461
mailing address:
po box 650124
west newton ma 02465
info@nancyclarkrd.com
617-962-4382
twitter: @nclarkrd


recent posts 





 



optimizing your immune response

11-february-2025, 0







 



food and flexibility: fighting the plague of perfection among athletes

06-february-2025, 0







 



sports nutrition on a budget

12-november-2024, 0






mailing listsign up for our mailing list, if you want information about new books or teaching materials. (we do not share this email list.)






email










books
presentations
workshops
store
contact
 © nancy clark 2021























nse-exercise-and-training




			close            





				muscle hypertrophy nutrition			












			×            





				eating disorders and dieting gone away			












			×            





				weight reduction: why is it so hard?			












			×            





				post exercise nutrition			












			×            





				how to succeed in business by really trying			












			×            





				sports nutrition: resolving the confusion			












			×            





				during exercise nutrition			












			×            





				pre exercise nutrition			












			×            














sign in
not registered? sign up















remember me

forgot password?


sign in


 


sign up
already registered? sign in






























					i accept the terms of service and privacy policy




sign up


 


forgot password ?

sign up
sign in





lost your password? please enter your username or email address. you will receive a link to create a new password via email.





email reset link

 
we do not share your personal details with anyone.





 



































