





ellen datlow — fiction editor























































ellen datlowfiction editorhome
about
books
blog
interviews
contact

welcome.
ellen datlow has been editing sf/f/h short fiction for four decades. she was fiction editor of omni magazine and scifiction and currently acquires short stories and novellas for tor.com and nightfire. she has edited numerous anthologies for adults, young adults, and children, including the best horror of the year annual series, echoes: the saga anthology of ghost stories, final cuts: new tales of hollywood horror and other spectacles. forthcoming are when things get dark: stories inspired by shirley jackson and the reprint anthology body shocks.


books by ellen datlow
christmas and other horrorsabout christmas and other horrors hugo award winning editor, and horror legend, ellen datlow presents a terrifying and chilling horror anthology of original short stories exploring the endless terrors of winter solstice traditions across the globe, featuring chillers by tananarive due, stephen graham jones, alma katsu and many more. the winter solstice is celebrated as […]
best horror of the year, vol 14from ellen datlow—“the venerable queen of horror anthologies” per the new york times—comes a new entry in the series that has brought you thrilling stories from stephen king and neil gaiman, the best horror stories available. for more than four decades, ellen datlow has been at the center of horror. bringing you the most frightening […]
screams from the dark: 29 tales of monsters and the monstrouscoming from the tor/nightfire imprint in april 2022 table of contents you have what i need by ian rogers the midway by fran wilde wet red grin by gemma files the virgin jimmy peck by daryl gregory the ghost of a flea by priya sharma the atrocity exhibitionists by brian hodge “the father of modern […]
when things get dark: stories inspired by shirley jacksona chilling anthology in tribute to the genius of shirley jackson, collecting today’s best horror writers. featuring joyce carol oates, josh malerman, paul tremblay, richard kadrey, stephen graham jones, elizabeth hand and more. a collection of all-new short stories inspired by, and in tribute to, shirley jackson. shirley jackson is a seminal writer of horror […]
body shocks: extreme tales of body horrorbestselling editor ellen datlow (lovecraft’s monsters) presents body horror at its most wide-ranging and shocking best. discover twenty-nine intricate, twisted tales of the human body, soul, and psyche, as told by storytelling legends including carmen maria machado, richard kadrey, seanan mcguire, caitlín r. kiernan, nathan ballingrud, tananarive due, cassandra khaw, christopher fowler, and many more. the […]
best horror of the year, volume 9an elderly man aggressively defends his private domain against all comers?including his daughter;a policeman investigates an impossible horror show of a crime; a father witnesses one of the worst things a parent can imagine; the abuse of one child fuels another’s yearning; an iraqi war veteran seeks a fellow soldier in his hometown but finds […]
more books
award-winning editor of more than 100 anthologies
datlow has won multiple world fantasy awards, locus awards, hugo awards, stoker awards, international horror guild awards, shirley jackson awards, and the 2012 il posto nero black spot award for excellence as best foreign editor. datlow was named recipient of the 2007 karl edward wagner award, given at the british fantasy convention for “outstanding contribution to the genre,” was honored with the life achievement award by the horror writers association, in acknowledgment of superior achievement over an entire career, and honored with the world fantasy life achievement award at the 2014 world fantasy convention.

news and updates
night and day -a new anthology coming out september 2night and day, my forthcoming all original anthology from saga simon and schuster. one half is the night, the other is the day. here is the table of contents for it. art by samuel arayato be published september 2 night—dreadful dark: tales of nighttime horrortable of contentstrash night by clay mcleod chapmanwe take off our […]
call for submissions-best horror of the year volume 18-2025 onlycall for submissions i edit the best horror of the year for (night shade books) and am currently reading for the eighteenth volume, covering material published in 2025. i am looking for stories and poetry from all branches of horror: supernatural, uncanny, sf horror, psychological, dark crime, terror tales, or anything else that might qualify. […]
the best horror of the year volume sixteen recommendations (2023) part twokohler, sheila “sydney,” a darker shade of noir.kuttler, dane “off the map,” f&sf january/february. labrie, aimee “gross anatomy,” a darker shade of noir.lackey, jamie “unsubscribe bird facts,” novus monstrum.lafaro, brennan “then you smiled for a second” illusions of isolation.lamb, meghan “mirror translation,” mooncalves.lamparelli, sarah “retention,” black static 82/83. lang, amanda cecilia “the clover café,” open […]
more news
home
about
books
blog
interviews
contact



recent posts


night and day -a new anthology coming out september 2


call for submissions-best horror of the year volume 18-2025 only


the best horror of the year volume sixteen recommendations (2023) part two


the best horror of the year volume sixteen recommendations (2023) part one


full toc of fears



social
view ellendatlow’s profile on facebookview ellendatlow’s profile on twitterview 35025258@n00’s profile on flickr
copyright © 2025 · modern portfolio pro theme on genesis framework · wordpress · log in







