

information on autism and asperger syndrome from stephen shore














 

















 






































 

























 








autismasperger.net 
            is the web home of stephen shore, author of beyond 
            the wall: personal experiences with autism and asperger syndrome.




autismasperger.net 
                    serves to build greater awareness of the autism spectrum and 
                    in particular, asperger syndrome. it joins other websites 
                    with this same focus and will work together with them toward 
                    strengthening our community of people on the autism spectrum. 
                    i hope autismasperger.net will help people appreciate those 
                    on the autism spectrum for who they are and participate with 
                    them to develop strengths and make accommodations for challenges.
unlimited 
                  potential for people on the autism spectrum
recently produced during my new zealand and australia speaking 
                    tour this video focuses on promoting strengths as a pathway 
                    to success for people on the autism spectrum. now in my 5th 
                    year as a professor of special education at adelphi 
                    university, my travels to educate and raise awareness 
                    about autism continue, having presented in 46 out of the 50 
                    united states, and in 32 countries across 6 of the 7 continents 
                    across the globe.














recent 
                  video presentations: 




people 
                          with autism should be appreciated for whom they are
                          moscow, russia - russia today tv. prime time interview 
                          on how stephen shore overcame some of the challenges 
                          of being on the autism spectrum and a focus on using 
                          strengths rather then deficits to empower people with 
                          autism to lead fulfilling and productive lives to the 
                          greatest extent possible.




we 
                          autists are able to perceive only 7% of human communication 
                          - professor stephen shore
                          moscow, russia - russia today tv. sophie & co. autism 
                          - this phenomenon was defined in the science relatively 
                          late, but the number of people with the disorder is 
                          growing each year. it is far from being clearly understood, 
                          as it core reasons lie concealed, breeding many myths 
                          around it. is autism an illness? could one benefit from 
                          it? are people on autism spectrum so different? and 
                          most importantly, where is their place in the human 
                          society? to find answers on these challenging questions, 
                          we talk to a man of science, professor, author and lecturer; 
                          the man diagnosed with autism himself. dr. stephen shore 
                          is on sophie&co today.




stephen 
                          m. shore, edd 4-17-2015
                          stephen m. shore, edd, clinical assistant professor, 
                          ruth s. ammon school of education, adelphi university, 
                          offers practical solutions for considering characteristics 
                          of autism as potential springboards to success in education, 
                          employment, effective self-advocacy and meaningful engagement 
                          in the community.









 additional video, audio links available:
"at 
                  lunch": stephen shore - about living with a diagnosis of 
                  autism (in russian)
                  moscow, russia - moscow 24 tv. my life with autism from the 
                  non-verbal days and recommendations for institutionalization 
                  to being a professor of special education, internationally known 
                  author and presenter on autism, and giving music lessons to 
                  children with autism. i emphasize that individuals with autism 
                  should have the same opportunities as everyone else.
stephen 
                  shared his belief that a student's strengths and interests are 
                  integral to the school experience. he charges teachers to 
                  find creative ways to recognize and incorporate these passions.
professor 
                  with autism provides valuable insight - video 3news
stephen 
                  shore - success and autism - radio new zealand national
self-advocacy 
                  for empowerment and success - blog by dr. emma goodall
this 
                  side of the podium: finding autism's voice
                  authored for the jerusalem post in conjunction with presenting 
                  at the www.icare4autism.org international conference, august, 
                  2013. 
turning 
                  away from closed doors and opening new ones (35 minute presentation). 
                
 







details 
                and
                purchasing information 

college for students 
                  with disabilities: we do belong
 edited by pavan john antony and stephen m. shore
new!!! stories and 
                  research on college for students with disabilities! 
"you are not 
                  college material" or "you don't belong in college" 
                  are comments frequently heard by students with autism and other 
                  conditions. with higher education frequently an expected part 
                  of the transition to adulthood this book includes practical 
                  advice to encourage self-advocacy in students with disabilities, 
                  and to support the professionals who are facing the challenges 
                  alongside them. 
edited by pavan 
                  john antony and i, this volume shares personal stories of 
                  individuals such as dena 
                  gassner, patrick 
                  kelty, kerry magro, 
                  melissa mooney, ehrin mchenry, and others, who describe both 
                  the challenges and successes of their time in higher education 
                  combined with the latest research on effective practice from 
                  mitch 
                  nagler, francine 
                  conway, and others. 
what can we do to 
                  make sure people with disabilities do belong in higher education? 
                  







                    newly released dvd!



















details 
                    and
                    purchasing information



details 
                  and
                  purchasing information
see the latest 
                  comments by dr. benzinger about this book! 


details 
                  and 
                  purchasing information 
now 
                  available in japanese 
stephen 
                  shore presents at musashino 
                  higashi gakuen near tokyo, japan. 



details 
                  and 
                  purchasing information 





now available!

living 
            along the autism spectrum - what does it mean to have autism or asperger 
            syndrome? by daniel gottlieb, ph.d., robert naseef, ph.d. and 
            stephen shore, ed.d.
  
            in this frank discussion of the human costs and benefits of autism 
            spectrum disorders, we get the perspectives of an individual on the 
            spectrum (shore), who is also a professional in the field of asd, 
            and that of a psychologist working primarily with families of children 
            with disabilities and the father of a son who has autism (naseef). 
            the discussion is expertly moderated by a psychologist and speaker 
            and writer on disabilities, who, while not on the spectrum himself, 
            has grandson who has an autism spectrum disorder (gottlieb).  (more 
            details...)

            understanding autism for dummies by stephen shore and linda rastelli; 
            foreword by temple grandin.
            from within the autism spectrum stephen shore, joins forces with veteran 
            writer linda rastelli to write the long overdue understanding autism 
            for dummies as part of the acclaimed wiley “for dummies series.” 
            with a foreword and other input from temple grandin, as well as inspiring 
            vignettes from others with autism, this resource helps the reader 
            sort out challenges relating to selecting interventions, financial 
            concerns, education, family issues, and adulthood. newcomers and seasoned 
            members in the autism community will find valuable advice for empowering 
            people with autism to use their strengths for maximizing their potential 
            in life. (more details...)

            beyond the wall: personal experiences with autism and asperger syndrome, 
            2nded. by stephen m. shore, foreword by temple grandin
this expanded second edition, which features a foreword 
            by dr. temple grandin, includes an important new chapter on getting 
            ready for college. in addition, the discussion on common sensory reactions 
            has been expanded. finally, there's a new chapter on shore's recent 
            public involvement with autism spectrum-related issues, including 
            testifying on the state of autism-related issues to the chair of governmental 
            reform, speaking at conferences, both in the united states and internationally, 
            and advocating for services for individuals on the spectrum.    
            (more details...)

            ask and tell: self-advocacy and disclosure for people on the autism 
            spectrum, edited by stephen m. shore; foreword by temple grandin.

ask and tell is unique by being the first book 
            to speak to the twin issues of self-advocacy and disclosure for people 
            with autism and by consisting exclusively – including the cover 
            art and the preface by temple grandin – of contributions by those 
            on the autism spectrum for persons on the spectrum. (more 
            details...)
order 
            online now from 
autism asperger publishing company




 


 





information 
          on autism & asperger syndrome | presentations 
          | in the news | books
biography of stephen shore | writings 
          | links | faq | contact 
          stephen shore | home
copyright 
          © 2016 stephen shore, all rights reserved.
nightowl 
          web design



 



 
 









