


cheerio spins























    
	cheerio spins
	
  


a place for me to blabbler on and on about spinning, wheels, fibers, yarns, crocheting, and such, and to offer various crochet/fiber/spinning related items for sale.





sunday, july 02, 2006



	 

	 well now
	 
    


i don't think anyone really reads this blog except my mother, but if anyone does they should first of all know that i'm not dead. infact sometimes i feel as though i am to much alive if that's possible. so why haven't i posted at all? well for that i have no good reason other then forgetfulness, a little laziness, some pain, and some just plain ol' not feeling like it. i haven't created all that much since my last post all those weeks ago. i've crocheted a preemie hat, with matching booties, and am working on a matching blanket. i've also wet felted a scarf and an amazingly awesome purse. not with knitting/crocheting something then washing it but just with hot soapy water and wool. a few mini items are in progress, and i've made several pounds of soap. that's about it. i haven't made much mostly for the same reasons i haven't posted here. mostly from pain. i've been having issues with my arm, just like i was about 2 years ago. we think we've got it figured out though, so hopefully my pain will end soon. there's nothing really new in my life at all. but maybe there will be soon and hopefully i'll keep posting so you can know about them.



posted by alicia at 6:40 pm






monday, may 08, 2006



	 

	 i've been offtrack, but i got pulled back
	 
    


since returning from sc i've devoted nearly all my freetime to my business. i had figured out what new items i wanted to add (soaps, candles, etc) then spent hours researching those things, and deciding what month to add which product. i had it all mostly planned out. soaps (with essential oils) added next month (400 pounds worth of it!), candles added after that, and put off budgeting for fiber arts stuff, (like accessories for my spinning year, wholesale yarns, or stuff to sell dyed silk scarves)  i had it all wrong! i should be focusing on fiber arts first! that was the point of the business after all! then add everything else later, after i'm doing all th efiber arts stuff i can! so i'll keep all that research that took hours and hours to compile and move in the direction i need to go, to direction that leads to wool (and silk, and cotton, and acrylic, and and and) so be on the look out for updates about my soon to be website! as well as additions to my etsy shop!



posted by alicia at 4:58 pm






friday, may 05, 2006



	 

	 caution: photo intensive!!
	 
    


here's a photo style update of my life recently! please keep in mind that like the rest of my life these are in no particular order. first the flower by the window. lately my neighbor and i have conversed a few times, and we've talked about yards and weeds among other things, which brought to my attention that two of my hedges were dead, with one living one in the middle oddly enough, and behind these hedges was a giant weed. so i went closer to investigate and decided i didn't think it was a weed. it's a good thing i didn't pull it up! look what grows on it!i don't know flowers very well, despite the fact that i run the floral department at work! but think it is either a peony, or a cabbage rose? it smells beautiful!!!!!!! yesterday when conversing with my neighbor again i looked up and saw it! the most beautiful flower near my window!i've been making a lot of jewelry lately. here's some proof:i recently outgrew my plastic shoebox styles container i was using for some of my beading supplies. essentially i have to be able to keep my bveads that we do sell at work apart from those that we don't, because of my classes, and samples and whatnot. so i was keeping all my work does have stuff in the shoebox, and all my other stuff in a seperate system. but since i outgrew my shoebox i made nick (read- i used his deibt card and told him he bought me a present) buy me this! it contains tons of pockets and such, plus 84 (or was it 87?) compartments with ezylock! you have to push a button and open the lid for it to open, each compartment opens individually, and they won't come open in transport or accidentally get your beads all mixed together in one weird glob. i'm figuring i'll add some of my other beads that work doesn't have, all in seperate orgainzers from works does have ones, then just label them. so if i am going to class i justtake out the non work ones, and if i'm working on soemthing i can still have everything with me work or nonwork. here's the yarn i was dyeing last week. well some of it anyway. it wasn't exactly whats i was going for but.... i think i might use it to make a bathmat instead of selling it. and you know how in books the writer/artist alway shas this amazing clean studio?? well this is what mine looks like:i think i better wait awhile to write a book.  the table is a new development. it's been in the upstairs extra bedroom since we moved in, andi've always wanted to move it down, but just did it this morning.  once the rest of the studio is clean, the table will really pull it all together!my mom realized recently that she didn't get a picture of the quilt she made us, so i took one to uploadfor her. here it is:we sleep with a lot of stuff on the bed, and never make it, so i just spread the quilt out over top of everything. sorry for the lumps. what do you make with just one skein of yarn? well i always had a few ideas but i have a lot more thanks to valerie! my fiber goddaughter turned the tables and sent me this great book as a thank you for spoiling her!recently i finally got something i've been wanting for a long time. a franklin covey planner!! it's like the generic kind with undated pages and such, but hey i like it! all that matters to me is that it is a real f.c. and that i like it. last week nick suprised me with flowers. i didn't get a picture until just now, but they really were lovely. the roses are already drying up, so i ripped the heads off and dumped them in a bowl, i plan on adding them to some soap. the daisy ones are still going though. and just for kicks here's a funny sunshine pic:



posted by alicia at 11:43 am






friday, april 28, 2006



	 

	 just  aquick post
	 
    


i haven't really posted lately. i don't have a very good reason for it. the last week or so i've been devoting a lot of time to my business, doing research, gathering ideas, making some things, and more. i just wanted to post again to say i'm not dead or anything. life is going fine, just mostly uneventful. so right now i've got some stuff dyeing in the studio. it's actually almost time to rinse it. i bought 30 skeins of white cotton yarn at work with the sole purpose of dyeing it. right now i have 12 skeins going. 2 colors, each one with 3 solids and 3 patterns. how you ask? well if i ball up the hank it gets a great varied variegated look, but if i leave it in a hank but not wrapped up, it's a solid. so i'll end up with 6 skeins of yarn in the exact same shade! then 6 more in a (hopefully) matching color, that all match each other! it'll be pretty great! i'lll post pictures.tonight i have to work. i actually like working friday nights. i have a buddy at work that i only get to work with for 4 hours a week, and it's on friday night. also we don't do much on friday. there is a lot of playing around, joking, standing around chatting, etc. it's kinda like my lazy day. i sleep late, then go ot work and do nothing and hang out with friends while getting paid for it. now i have no problem with working on friday, and actually doing stuff, but there just isn't ever anything to do! so tonight i'll have fun with my buddies and have a good night, then post pictrues sometime tomorrow. tomorrow night is girls night. it was supposed to be tonight, but one girl reallllly wants to go bowling, and not just any bowling but cosmic bowling, which only happens at midnight on saturday! so tomorrow night i'll be going out, for girls night out. now let me go rinse my yarn!



posted by alicia at 12:12 pm






sunday, april 23, 2006



	 

	 i just took a ton of quizzes!
	 
    


don't believe me? look: !!!snickersnutty and gooey - you always satisfy.what kind of candy are you?your personality profileyou are nurturing, kind, and lucky.like mother nature, you want to help everyone.you are good at keeping secrets and tend to be secretive.a seeker of harmony, you are a natural peacemaker.you are good natured and people enjoy your company.you put people at ease and make them feel at home with you.the world's shortest personality testyou belong in londonyou belong in london, but you belong in many cities... hong kong, san francisco, sidney. you fit in almost anywhere.and london is diverse and international enough to satisfy many of your tastes. from curry to shakespeare, london (almost) has it all!what european city do you belong in?you are marge simpsonyou're a devoted family member who loves unconditionally. sometimes, though, you dream about living a wild secret life!you will be remembered for: your good cooking and evading the policeyour life philosophy: "you should listen to your heart, and not the voices in your head."the simpsons personality testyour 2005 song isfeel good inc by gorillaz "love forever love is free.let's turn forever you and me."in 2005, you were loving life and feeling no pain.what hit song of 2005 are you?you are 40% boyish and 60% girlishyou are pretty evenly split down the middle - a total eunuch.okay, kidding about the eunuch part. but you do get along with both sexes.you reject traditional gender roles. however, you don't actively fight them.you're just you. you don't try to be what people expect you to be.how boyish or girlish are you?your career type: artisticyou are expressive, original, and independent.your talents lie in your artistic abilities: creative writing, drama, crafts,  music, or art.you would make an excellent:actor - art teacher - book editor clothes designer - comedian - composer dancer  - dj - graphic designerillustrator - musician - sculptor the worst career options for your are conventional careers, like bank teller or secretary.what's your ideal career?let's see:your namedo you smoke?yesnooccasionallydo you drink?yesnooccasionallystronger drugs?yesnooccasionallyyour favourite activityyou aresuch a characteryou wish you werea gangsteryou hopeit's not too latepeople think you areshyintelligent people though, think you area mistery unsolvedbut, really, you're justquite lostthis quickkwiz by apistrakus - taken 165473 times.new - kwiz.biz astrologyyour inner child is happyyou see life as simple, and simple is a very good thing.you're cheerful and upbeat, taking everything as it comes.and you decide not to worry, even when things look bad.you figure there's just so many great things to look forward to.how is your inner child?you are 56% abnormalyou are at medium risk for being a psychopath. it is somewhat likely that you have no soul. you are at high risk for having a borderline personality. it is very likely that you are a chaotic mess.you are at high risk for having a narcissistic personality. it is very likely that you are in love with your own reflection.you are at low risk for having a social phobia. it is unlikely that you feel most comfortable in your mom's basement.you are at medium risk for obsessive compulsive disorder. it is somewhat likely that you are addicted to hand sanitizer.how abnormal are you?your animal personalityyour power animal: deeranimal you were in a past life: pandayou are a fun-seeker - an adventurous, risk-taker.while you are spontaneous, you are not very rational.the animal personality testyour fortune isman who drop watch in toilet bound to have shitty time.the wacky fortune cookie generatorand those are only the results that i either liked, found humorous, or thought really describe me.



posted by alicia at 12:21 am






friday, april 21, 2006



	 

	 a quick quick update
	 
    


i have to work night shift today. i literally need to leave for work, um now. but i wanted to update a few things real fast.i added a link to my mom's blog. if you're reading this check it out. she talks abotu her turtles, which are probably the love of her life, even above my brother, my dad, and i probably! i think she'd love to know some people are reading it, and it's interesting stuff!i didn't give my myspace info, my site addy is http://myspace.com/cheeriospins  i think. you can check me out there if you want.today i fell down the stairs. not like head over heels, but more like a slide.  i have no idea what happened. i was walking down and saw the dog got hold of something, so i bent down picked it up, stood back up, then next thing i know i was pretty much at the bottom of the stairs. i think i'm fine. i mean i have a slight headache, and was dizzy at first, but i feel mostly ok now.  it was terrifying though.  it all happened so fast, and i don't remember hitting my head, but it sure does hurt. my elbows have some rug burn. and yes i was holding onto the railing, atleast i was.  in fact i think i held it the whole way down, and slightly jammed my finger somehow in the process.  i dunno, the whoel thing was weird.today i made some soap, so i'll be adding a few bars to my etsy store soon.have a great day!



posted by alicia at 1:24 pm






thursday, april 20, 2006



	 

	 i was tagged...
	 
    


my mom tagged me today in an email, and though i get over 500 emails a day i dont really know my friends emails or anything, so i'm posting it here instead!  here goes!how well do you know me?for instance, did you know...five jobs i have had in my life:1) subway restuarant2) hotel housekeeper3) avon lady (which didn't go so well)4) video game store employee5)  college it dept. four movies i would watch over and over:1) empire records2)any harry potter3) 13 going on 304) how to dealand a bonus 5) princess bride four places i have lived:1) westminster, md2) gettysburg, pa3) manning, sc4) alexandria, vafour tv shows i love to watch:1) family guy2) the simpsons3) seinfield4) american inventorfour places i have been on vacation/a trip to:1)maryland2)florida3)the beach4)south carolinafour web sites i visit daily:1) my yahoo mail2) my msn mail3) the others change daily. i have lots i check regularly, but not every dayfour of my favorite foods:1) chocolate2) lasagana3) pizza4) honey bbq wings             four places i would rather be right now:no where. i'm at home and happy. well maybe england.four friends who i have tagged, that i think will respond:1.  no idea. if you are ready this, and you haven't done it already, you're tagged!



posted by alicia at 5:38 pm











about me

name:  alicia 
location:  maryland, united states 
i am a happily married stay at home mom to a beautiful baby boy. i'm starting this blog to review baby and child products for other parents.
view my complete profile

links

odd little duck, my business (right now an etsy shop)
mohawk miniatures- my miniatures blog
crochet pattern central- tons of free patterns
jehovah jireh farms- where i got some of my roving
mielkes fiber arts- great pricing on roving and other stuff, plus the home of carver adam mielke
mystic spiral studio blog- incredible beads and focals
mia's treasure- incredible, beautiful jewelry!
blogs i read:
tracey's blog- nottinbutknittin
bethieeeeeees blog- on my needles
melissa's blog- crazy cat lady
plump pudding
my mom's blog- mostly about her turtles
swaps i'm in
fiber fairy godmother
secret pal seven
charities
heavenly angels in need
heartfelt angels
god's tiny angels






read my dreambook!
sign my dreambook!







previous posts

well now
i've been offtrack, but i got pulled back
caution: photo intensive!!
just  aquick post
i just took a ton of quizzes!
a quick quick update
i was tagged...
i'm getting prety bad at this blogging thing
wow i can't believe...
stupid blog!!!

archives


august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
july 2006





 





