


























































desert trail | hidesertstar.com
   


















  






skip to main content















59°















                        sign up
                    


                        log in
                    







                            dashboard
                        



                            logout
                        








my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items



 logout
                        












home


contact us

terms of use

privacy policy

subscription services

submission forms

place an ad

local weather


news



sports



desert trail



events



obituaries



photos



videos



e-edition





special sections


desert entertainer

homes

spirit




classifieds


place an ad






facebook





twitter







© copyright 2022 hi desert starterms of use | privacy policy






























59°
sunny 
























site search





search





















menu
























                                                        search
                                                    














subscribe here!


open user controls






log in using your account
log in




don't have an account? sign up today














my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items



 logout
                        












 home


local news


sports


desert trail


events


obits


photos


e-edition


special sections


classifieds


columns


archives


best of 2024










home



desert trail







                
                desert trail
                
                    











+3











        

        
            first responders stage bus crash to train in joshua tree national park

joshua tree national park — thirty victims, nine agencies and one day to sort it all out. a collision staged in the national park three times this week gave first… read morefirst responders stage bus crash to train in joshua tree national park























        

        
            hard-charging twentynine palms wildcats win first playoff game

twentynine palms — the twentynine palms high school girls varsity basketball team took advantage of a fast start to punch its ticket to the second game of cif sou… read morehard-charging twentynine palms wildcats win first playoff game























        

        
            yucca valley vacation house receives eco-friendly award

yucca valley — calmastay, a sustainable vacation home in yucca valley, was recently awarded the sip panel award for its innovative, eco-friendly construction.   read moreyucca valley vacation house receives eco-friendly award























        

        
            sand bags are available for storm preparation

twentynine palms — to prepare for anticipated harsh weather, residents are encouraged to pick up sand bags at the downtown fire station, 6560 adobe road, and city… read moresand bags are available for storm preparation
























        

        
            weather cancels resources fair

twentynine palms — expected inclement weather has forced cancellation of a community resources fair set for 2 to 6 p.m. thursday, feb. 13, at the twentynine palms… read moreweather cancels resources fair























        

        
            deputies make arrests under new drug law

yucca valley — two men were arrested in yucca valley recently under a new law that mandates stricter penalties or treatment for people with multiple drug convictions.  read moredeputies make arrests under new drug law












        

        
            get ready for rain; winter storm will roll through morongo basin

morongo basin — a winter storm will bring some wind and rain into the hi-desert today through friday, according to national weather service meteorologists.  read moreget ready for rain; winter storm will roll through morongo basin



































        

        
            first responders stage bus crash in jtnp

joshua tree national park — thirty victims, nine agencies and one day to sort it all out. a collision staged in the national park monday gave first responders the chance to work out the kinks and train on their response to a mass casualty incident. 























        

        
            playoffs: 29 palms girls basketball team to host panthers

twentynine palms — after taking first place in the desert valley league, the twentynine palms high school girls basketball team will host a cif playoff game this week. 























        

        
            a plan when wildfire strikes: company gathers early intel for fire commanders

morongo basin — the first 6-12 hours of a wildfire are generally the most destructive, said mike rohde, a consultant and former fire department battalion chief. his company has started work on a plan that could save responders critical time a…

























                
                online poll
                
            






        

        
            have recent events left you nervous about flying?





you voted: 






 yes
                                



 no
                                



 i do not know
                                

vote
view results




back


























        

        
            basin team wins tournament of champions

grand terrace — it’s official: they’re champions. with four second-half goals, the u12 all-star boys from the morongo basin youth soccer association won the title game in the cal south district 5 tournament of champions jan. 26 in grand terrace.  























        

        
            bicyclists climb to key’s view as jt55 ride returns

twentynine palms — close to 200 riders set off in the pre-dawn darkness for the latest jt 55 bike ride saturday, feb. 1. 























        

        
            wildcat girls clinch league championship

twentynine palms — with a 53-42 home win over coachella valley jan. 28, the twentynine palms high school girls varsity basketball team clinched the desert valley league championship. 























        

        
            molding hearts helps families stay in homes

twentynine palms — molding hearts has helped multiple individuals and families since the city council agreed to pay the organization $25,500 to provide outreach services to unhoused residents. 














                
                submit your news
                
                    


we're always interested in hearing about news in our community. let us know what's going on!
go to form




























        

        
            driver flown to hospital after johnson valley crash

landers — an arizona man was flown to desert regional medical center with major injuries in the wake of a three-vehicle collision around 8:17 a.m. monday, feb. 3, on old woman springs road at mikiska boulevard. 












+5











        

        
            students buddy up for a champions’ game

special education and mainstream students from yucca valley and twentynine palms high schools took the court for a unified champions basketball game jan. 14 in the trojan gym. 












        

        
            29 palms junior high to take sixth graders next school year

twentynine palms — twentynine palms junior high school will include sixth graders with its seventh and eighth graders when classes start in the 2025-26 school year. 











































        

        
            driver who left crash scene charged with manslaughter

joshua tree — a 60-year-old yucca valley man was charged with vehicular manslaughter this week after he was identified as a driver involved in a deadly four-car crash.  























        

        
            wildcats clinch league championship

twentynine palms — a 53-42 home win over coachella valley tuesday, jan. 28, helped the twentynine palms high school girls varsity basketball team clinch the desert valley league championship. 























        

        
            deputies arrest man with ghost gun

twentynine palms — jacob sterling, 36, was charged with possession of a firearm by a felon after his arrest tuesday, jan. 28, on twentynine palms highway at split rock avenue. 












+3











        

        
            a fighting chance: pioneertown locals work with fire agencies to protect their properties

pioneertown — “this place is going to burn again.” 
































        

        
            hammers brings 80,000 fans to johnson valley

johnson valley — more than 80,000 racing fans and families are expected at the johnson valley ohv area for king of the hammers this year. the off-road event started saturday with the king of the motos dirt bike race and will end feb. 8 with t…























        

        
            29 palms cagers double up on wins vs yucca valley

yucca valley — with a 44-point scoring spree in the first half, the varsity wildcat basketball team beat the yucca valley trojans for the second time this season thursday, jan. 23. the wildcats won 79-67. 












        

        
            rowe stays in top spot with county leaders

san bernardino — dawn rowe, of yucca valley, will remain the chairperson of the san bernardino county board of supervisors for the next two years. rowe was voted into the position by a unanimous vote of the board jan. 14 after members agreed …











































        

        
            man killed in four-car crash

joshua tree — benjamin perez, a 31-year-old twentynine palms resident, was killed in a multi-car crash on twentynine palms highway near kerr avenue tuesday, jan. 14. 























        

        
            teenagers arrested for train burglary

wonder valley — in the second train burglary reported in two weeks, two teenage boys were arrested wednesday, jan. 15. 












        

        
            school board eliminates 40 part-time positions

joshua tree — forty part-time classified positions, 36 of them vacant, were eliminated by the morongo unified school district at a board of education meeting tuesday, jan. 14. 























        

        
            wildcats beat trojans at home

twentynine palms — a pair of trips to the free throw line in the waning seconds of the fourth quarter gave the twentynine palms high school boys varsity basketball team a razor thin 56-53 home win over the trojans of yucca valley high school …













        

        
            concert in joshua tree to raise support for los angeles fire victims

joshua tree — in response to the fires in los angeles county, musicians and artists will host a concert and drive for donations. the event will take place noon to 7 p.m. sunday, jan. 19, at art queen, 61855 twentynine palms highway in joshua tree. 























        

        
            teenagers arrested for train burglary

wonder valley — two teenage boys were arrested wednesday, jan. 15, during an investigation into a train burglary in amboy. investigators said they recovered 218 cases of nike products worth $408,000. 












        

        
            school board eliminates 40 part-time positions

joshua tree — forty part-time classified positions, 36 of them vacant, were eliminated by the morongo unified school district at a board of education meeting tuesday, jan. 14. 























        

        
            29 palms man killed in multi-car crash

joshua tree — benjamin perez, a 31-year-old twentynine palms resident, was killed in a multi-car crash on twentynine palms highway near kerr avenue tuesday, jan. 14. 































        

        
            jtnp to host cleanup day

joshua tree national park — lovers of joshua tree national park are invited to volunteer on martin luther king jr. day monday, jan. 20. 























        

        
            train burglary: suspects arrested in wonder valley

wonder valley — two men were arrested on accusations of robbing a train friday, jan. 10. 























        

        
            hi-desert loses power during wind storms

morongo basin — the power went out multiple times across the morongo basin wednesday and thursday, jan. 8-9, with some morongo valley properties losing electricity for nearly two days. 












        

        
            walk will honor mlk this year

twentynine palms — a walk will honor dr. martin luther king jr. monday, jan. 20, but the annual prayer bowl is canceled. 
























        

        
            29 palms firefighters deploy to eaton fire in los angeles county

twentynine palms — three county firefighters and a state-owned fire rig were sent to los angeles county last week to help fight the eaton fire, one of multiple wildfires destroying property and threatening lives in los angeles county. 























        

        
            in the pursuit of peace: joshua tree art walk showcases local talent and voices

the second-saturday joshua tree art walk jan. 11 hosted a variety of gallery shows that demonstrated collaboration and the search for peace — in all interpretations of the word.  























        

        
            yucca valley, 29 palms to host power outage resource fairs

morongo basin — residents can get free solar charging packs and other supplies during free community resource fairs held today in yucca valley and twentynine palms. 























        

        
            twentynine palms boys basketball's showdown with trojans rescheduled

twentynine palms — the twentynine palms high school boys basketball teams will have a few more days to prepare for games against the trojans of yucca valley high school. 









load more



























facebook





twitter







hidesertstar.com
    57675 29 palms hwy, suite 103
    yucca valley, ca 92284
    
phone: (760) 365-3315
email: publisher@hidesertstar.com





                
                sections
                
            



local news


sports


desert trail


obituaries


photo galleries


videos


multimedia


online features





                
                services
                
            



subscription services


submission forms


classifieds


place an ad


calendar


search


weather







×
browser compatibility


your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.we recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

microsoft edge
google chrome
firefox










© copyright 2025
hi desert star
57675 29 palms hwy, suite 103, yucca valley, ca

 | terms of use

 | privacy policy

powered by blox content management system from blox digital.


















