















economic and business research center | eller college of management

















      skip to main content
    

















search

search






 
 


 search 
 search 


 menu 
 menu 























select your audience

resources for...
prospective students
current undergraduate students
current graduate students
donors



                go
                 to the page for that group









 


directory
give
apply










 
 







 home 
 home 


 close 
 close 






search

search








main navigation


why eller

overview
meet the dean
vision, mission and history
facts and figures
strategic map
rankings
student experience
diversity, equity and inclusion



programs

overview
find the right program
undergraduate
mba programs
master's degree programs
doctoral
executive education
entrepreneurship
certificates and non-degree



admissions

overview
undergraduate admissions
graduate admissions
cost
financial aid and scholarships
international students
apply now



departments and research

overview
schools and departments
centers, labs and institutes
faculty directory and expertise
eller faculty insights
research at eller



career outcomes

overview
undergraduate professional development
graduate professional development
alumni success
recruit at eller



news and events

news and headlines
events
blogs
eller magazine
arizona's economy magazine
student, alumni and faculty profiles



engage

overview
find an engagement opportunity
eller partnerships office
giving
alumni
eller national board of advisors


























home


departments and research


centers, labs and institutes


          economic and business research center
        













economic and business research center










 












economic and business research centerthe premier source for information on arizona’s economy since 1949.







 
the economic and business research center (ebrc) focuses on applied economic research and community education for arizona.
through the forecasting project, events such as the economic outlook luncheon, funded research projects and online resources arizona’s economy, arizona-mexico economic indicators and the map dashboard, ebrc makes the latest data and analysis available to arizona's citizens and decision makers.
  


 





 
main navigation


about the ebrc


arizona covid-19 dashboard


arizona economic outlook


data


presentations and video


research


projects


news


events


library






subscribe to ebrc




 
 












    
  arizona’s economy: on a solid foundation

  
fourth quarter 2024 forecast updatedecember 12, 2024 - even with significant headwinds from reduced housing affordability, elevated interest rates, and tight labor markets, arizona continues to generate solid economic growth. job gains are far outpacing national growth in the preliminary data and may be growing even faster than the data suggest. phoenix inflation has….read forecast analysis




















daily and weekly economic indicatorsgoing forward we will be tracking key indicators: initial claims for unemployment insurance in arizona and the u.s., hotel occupancy rates, movie ticket sales, number of movie releases. check back often for updates and as we add new indicators.just scroll down the page to review and download the indicators. use your cursor as a tooltip on the charts to view the numbers.






















 

unavailable - u.s. initial claims for unemployment insurance and initial claims for pandemic assistance
unavailable - u.s. initial claims for unemployment insurance(for the week ending saturday)

note: the official initial claims for unemployment insurance numbers for the u.s. are released every thursday morning covering the week ending on the previous saturday.








 

unavailable - arizona initial claims for unemployment insuranceand initial claims for pandemic assistance
unavailable - arizona initial claims for unemployment insurance(for the week ending saturday)






 

unavailable - u.s. movie releases
unavailable - u.s. movie ticket sales, $







 

unavailable - untitled
unavailable - u.s. movie releases







 

unavailable - u.s. hotel occupancy rate
unavailable - u.s. hotel occupancy rate(for the week ending saturday)







 

unavailable - untitled
unavailable -












 


 

unavailable - high-propensity* business applications in arizona (weekly)
the u.s. census bureau continues to produce weekly estimates; however, the weekly estimate files are published as part of the monthly business formation statistics (bfs) release. one key dataset with these estimates is high-propensity business applications, a subset of total weekly business applications in arizona that measures the number of applications with a high-propensity of turning into a business with a payroll, based on various factors. these data reflect weekly applications for employer identification numbers (eins) in arizona and include applications: (a) from a corporate entity, (b) that indicate they are hiring employees, purchasing a business or changing organizational type, (c) that provide a first wages-paid date (planned wages); or (d) that have a naics industry code in manufacturing (31-33), retail stores (44), health care (62), or restaurants/food service (72). applications for eins occur before the jobs and wages are added, so this is a leading indicator.  read more about the business applications dataset. source: u.s. census bureau.
unavailable - arizona business applications























explore ebrc's community sponsored projects




















image
 








the forecasting project
ebrc’s forecasting project team produces the most in-depth economic analyses and forecasts available for arizona and its communities. these quarterly forecasts aid our community sponsors around the state in their pursuit of the next level of business success. - george hammond, forecasting project director
"maricopa association of governments uses the data, analysis and forecasts from ebrc’s forecasting project to add to our understanding of emerging trends in the phoenix metropolitan area. it gives us another valuable way to view the future of the region."
  - anubhav bagley, regional analytics director, maricopa association of governments
"ebrc’s forecasting project provides the rta with high-quality data, analysis, and forecasts for the tucson region that add significantly to our understanding of local economic trends and implications for the future.  the economic data we receive is critical to our organization."
  - robert samuelsen, chief financial officer, regional transportation authority
learn about forecasting project membership











 







arizona's economy




for more than half a century, the ebrc’s award-winning online magazine, arizona’s economy, has brought you the latest economic outlook and forecast data for arizona, phoenix and tucson, plus news and applied research on topics which affect doing business in arizona. you will also find the latest indicator data for all arizona’s metro areas and counties.
read arizona's economy »









map dashboard




the award-winning making action possible (map) dashboard’s mission is to measurably improve southern arizona through data-driven, collective civic action and education. the map provides data and analysis on a wide range of socio-economic indicators, while exploring key trends, and allowing for comparison at the metropolitan, state, national, and county level.
view the map dashboard »









arizona-mexico economic indicators




track arizona’s trade and competitiveness in the u.s.-mexico region. find analysis of current issues and data on arizona-mexico import/export, commodity flows through arizona’s border ports of entry, investment, border crossings, population and tourism. we also provide comparative data for other border states and major ports connecting the u.s. and mexico.
view arizona-mexico indicators »

















image
 






ebrc’s work on the map dashboard website has helped to move the needle in several key areas. it has become the trusted source of information that southern arizona uses to benchmark progress and inspire action.
- ron shoopman, chair, arizona board of regents






 




news















image
 






arizona’s economic outlook: key insights from eller college’s annual luncheon


dec. 16, 2024


    read more
  



















image
 






arizona’s economy: headed into uncharted waters


dec. 12, 2024


    read more
  



















image
 






arizona’s economy: on a solid foundation


sept. 4, 2024


    read more
  













view news





events



no upcoming events are available at this time.






view events




















4.2%


arizona payroll job growth in 2022
vs. 4.3% for the u.s.






$30.23


arizona average hourly earnings 2022
up 6.4% in 2022 vs. $32.25 for the u.s., up 5.4%






7,409,189


arizona's population as of july 1, 2022
1.7% annual growth vs. 0.4% for the u.s.







view all ebrc data












connect with the ebrc






subscribe




ebrc on facebook




ebrc on twitter




arizona's economy app


















contact us






by phone
520-621-2155 office
520-621-2150 fax




by email
general inquiries
ebrpublications@eller.arizona.edu




by mail
mcclelland hall 103
the university of arizona
p.o. box 210108
tucson, az 85721-0108




directory
staff directory






  
the economic and business research center website is sponsored by:





image
 










































 
eller college of management520-621-21651130 e. helen st. | p.o. box 210108tucson, az 85721-0108


image
 




mcclelland hall fall hoursmonday: 7 a.m. - 10 p.m.tuesday: 7 a.m. - 10 p.m.wednesday: 7 a.m. - 10 p.m.thursday: 7 a.m. - 10 p.m.friday: 7 a.m. - 7 p.m.saturday: 9 a.m. - 5 p.m.sunday: 9 a.m. - 10 p.m.closed:labor day: monday sept. 2 thanksgiving holiday:nov. 28 - dec 1winter break: dec. 24 - jan. 1






footer - main


emergency information


ua privacy


eller college privacy


campus accessibility


report ethics violations


















 
information forprospective studentscurrent undergraduate studentscurrent graduate studentsalumnieller partnerships officedonorsprogramsundergraduateeller mbaother master'sdoctoraleller executive educationprofessional educationentrepreneurshipglobal programsschools and departmentsdhaliwal-reidy school of accountancyhslopez school of business analyticsdepartment of economicsdepartment of financedepartment of management and organizationsdepartment of management information systemsdepartment of marketingbusiness communication programcenters, labs and institutesresourcesmcclelland hall mapsphoenix campus mapcalendard2lesmseller it supporteller intranettechnology at ellercontact usconnectfacebookx, formerly twitterinstagramlinkedinyoutube









we respectfully acknowledge the university of arizona is on the land and territories of indigenous peoples. today, arizona is home to 22 federally recognized tribes, with tucson being home to the o’odham and the yaqui. committed to diversity and inclusion, the university strives to build sustainable relationships with sovereign native nations and indigenous communities through education offerings, partnerships, and community service.
university information security and privacy
© 2025 the arizona board of regents on behalf of the university of arizona.

































