





unitarian universalists for alternatives to the death penalty - unitarian universalists for alternatives to the death penalty





































skip to content



toggle navigationhomeaboutparticipateresourceslinks and alliescontact us
 


loading...







a denomination opposed to capital punishment 



the unitarian universalist association of congregations (uua) has opposed capital punishment since 1961.

at its annual general assemblies, delegates from congregations throughout the country have repeatedly reaffirmed need to find alternatives to the death penalty.

the uuadp gives witness to the moral position of the unitarian universalist faith community.

our members come from 43 different states. we are grateful for the enthusiastic support we have received from our denomination, particularly the uua faith in action office for justice programs, and the fund for unitarian universalist social responsibility. 














unitarian universalists for alternatives to the death penaltygalen_workman2023-07-04t17:44:57+00:00 

see what we have handed out at past general assembliesresources for alliesthe unitarian universalists for alternatives to the death penalty are honored to share powerful sermons and stories that advocate for actions better than capital punishment. please check the resource page for new sermons. these just might inspire you to give a sermon or talk of your own.
our essays include those from families of murder victims who join their voices in the call to end the death penalty. we offer the words of religious leaders who are oppose the continuation of state-sponsored executions. read these moving statements on our resources page.
our links page points to information and activities of other people of faith and social justice organizations who are working to end the death penalty.
an invitation to participateyou can help end capital punishment.
we invite you to join unitarian universalists for alternatives to the death penalty.
we invite you to show your support by obtaining shirts and buttons with our anti-death penalty message.
we invite you to donate your money to help us seek alternatives to capital punishment.
anti-death penalty honor rollwe honor unitarian universalist congregations and organizations who have taken a stand for alternatives to capital punishment.
check the honor roll.
see the honor roll



 
 






		© copyright 2007 -    unitarian universalists for alternatives to the death penalty ::  all rights reserved	

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link












go to top




