



wwuh.org | wwuh 91.3 fm


























primary links home
donate
programmingcurrent program guide
weekly schedule
music genresambience
bluegrass
classicalclassical department
classical links
hostskeith barrett
larry bilansky
keith brown
eric hearst
steve petke
daniel schlorff


folk
geetanjali - music of india
jazzjazz department
hosts
links
pronunciation guide
out here & beyond playlist

capital city polka time
rock and free-formbattles zone playlist
battles zone new release playlist
moondog playlist


community affairsalternative radio
counterspin
making contact
radio ecoshock
tuc radio

host biographies

music playlist
listen online
program archive
folk calendar
about wwuhwwuh newsfm reception tips

wwuh historystation history
ct broadcast history
john ramsey in the news
john ramsey interview
35th anniversary
40th anniversaryphotos

50th anniversary

wwuh recordingsalbumsfnd christmas
fnd i
fnd ii
fnd iii
fnd iv
fnd v
fnd vi
fnd vii
fnd viii
fnd ix
jazz in the wilde
sounds of hartford

fnd history
order form

wwuh benefit concerts
archived program guides




 




 

search 


search this site: 











 

wwuh store
donate to the wwuh endowed scholarship
listen via mp3 stream





when the university of hartford was incorporated just over 50 years ago by business and community leaders, they envisioned a center of education and culture for greater hartford. read more...
wwuh fcc on line public file
wwuh fcc eeo reports
persons with disabilities who wish to access the wwuh public file may contact john ramsey at: ramsey@hartford.edu
    





 






now playing on wwuh




				time:

				loading...



				show:

				 



				host:

				 



				 

				 



				 

				 



				 

				 



				 

				 






 leaving your legacy









				as we approach the end of the year we often get contacted by listeners who want to know about making a planned gift to uhart radio. those that do so provide vital support to ensure the future of wwuh while securing benefits for themselves and their loved ones now. some of the types of planned giving include:

				 


bequests - a gift made through your estate, which can provide estate tax and capital gains savings. 

charitable gift annuities - an irrevocable contract where an annual payment is received for life in exchange for a gift to the station. 

charitable remainder trusts - a gift that allows you to maintain income while providing a tax deduction for the future iras or qualified plans. a charitable bequest funded with an ira or retirement plan can be made with pre-tax dollars. 

donor-advised funds (dafs) - a daf can be used to give now or later, or both, and can include a succession plan for members of your family. 


with a variety of options to choose from, your gift can offer the advantages of an income stream or tax savings. uhart has a team that is here to guide you through your options and can help tailor a plan to your interests and philanthropic goals. you can contact then today at founders@hartford.edu or by calling 860.768.2400.

				 

				i'm thrilled to report that wwuh has been voted "best non-commercial station" in ct by the connecticut broadcaster's association (cba)!  i'm confident that the folks who voted to bestow this high honor on uhart radio took into account our 5+ decades of serving the public, the variety and diversity of our line up and the professionalism of our all-volunteer on-air staff. thank you cba!

				 





		 

		john ramsey, general manager (ramsey[at]hartford.edu)

		 




















current program guide

sign up for our free monthly program guide via email. thanks!
e-mail:    
or scan qr code to join the wwuh e-mail list.












partnering organizations





wwuh thanks the following performing arts organizations for their support:
beth el temple music
connecticut lyric opera 
connecticut symphony orchestra
connecticut virtuosi chamber orchestra
farmington valley symphony orchestra
hartford chorale
manchester symphony orchestra and chorale
musical club of hartford
new britain symphony orchestra
south windsor cultural arts
voce
west hartford symphony orchestra









 




secondary links contacts
directions
faq
general links
login



© wwuh 2024




 
 



