






horizon solutions site | working to find and advance solutions to environment, health, poverty, and development problems













horizon international solutions site
working to find and advance solutions to environment, health, poverty, and development problems







home
about
contact
articles
search






login 

















world water week: healthy ecosystems essential to human health: from coronavirus to malnutrition...








stop attacks on health care in ukraine








mangrove action project collaborates to restore and preserve mangrove ecosystems








more than 400 schoolgirls, family and teachers rescued from afghanistan by small coalition








un food systems summit receives over 1,200 ideas to help meet sustainable development goals








vaccine candidate against covid-19 announced by pfizer and biontech on november 9, 2020








promoting the development of rural water supply and sanitation -case from zhejiang province, china








zakaria ouedraogo of burkina faso produces film “nzoue fiyen: water not drinkable”








world health organization (who) and un-water call for increased investment in drinking-water and...








schistosomiasis historical perspective: revisiting the st. lucia project a multi-year comparison...






 






welcome to the horizon solutions site

horizon international works to find and advance solutions to vital concerns in the interconnected
areas of health, the environment, population and economic well-being through its programs, lectures,
conferences, and consultancies. the organization, based at yale university, focuses on needs that it can
most effectively address, prioritizing initiatives that are most pressing and that inform and inspire positive
action with the help of its scientific review board and special advisors.
this solutions site provides a forum for the presentation of solutions. it was created by horizon
international in collaboration with the united nations environment programme (unep), the united
nations development programme (undp), the united nations population fund (unfpa), unicef,
the international development research centre (idrc) of canada, yale university, and horizon's
colleagues at harvard university.
initiatives are gathered through a number of different means, including direct user submissions, the
substantial efforts of partner institutions, and horizon’s own research activities. all material accepted for
publication has been reviewed.
in addition to the solutions site, the organization’s main programs include: an oceans and coral reefs
program titled the magic porthole on the web at www.magicporthole.org and www.coralreefs.co, and
award-winning international tv documentaries that can be viewed and downloaded (in low resolution) at
www.horizoninternationaltv.org and from youtube at jselendy’s channel.
horizon is pleased to announce its new book “water and sanitation related diseases and the
environment: challenges, interventions, and preventive measures,” a wiley-blackwell publication
in collaboration with horizon international, written by 59 experts and edited by janine m. h. selendy,
released november 2011. the book is accompanied by comprehensive dvds and supplementary
material and is available from wiley at www.wiley.com/go/selendy/water. you can read about the
publication on the solutions site available at http://www.solutions-site.org/node/532.









latest articles





jun 07, 2022


world water week: healthy ecosystems essential to human health: from coronavirus to malnutrition online...







mar 13, 2022


stop attacks on health care in ukraine







dec 26, 2021


mangrove action project collaborates to restore and preserve mangrove ecosystems







dec 06, 2021


more than 400 schoolgirls, family and teachers rescued from afghanistan by small coalition







apr 06, 2021


un food systems summit receives over 1,200 ideas to help meet sustainable development goals







nov 10, 2020


vaccine candidate against covid-19 announced by pfizer and biontech on november 9, 2020







may 17, 2020


promoting the development of rural water supply and sanitation -case from zhejiang province, china







dec 05, 2019


zakaria ouedraogo of burkina faso produces film “nzoue fiyen: water not drinkable”







nov 19, 2019


world health organization (who) and un-water call for increased investment in drinking-water and safe...







apr 24, 2019


schistosomiasis historical perspective: revisiting the st. lucia project a multi-year comparison trial of...









    more articles...  
 
 






 








book announcement







water and sanitation related diseases and the environment: challenges, interventions, and preventive measures



 





solutions site topics
agricultureair pollutionbiodiversitydesertificationendangered speciesenergyexhibitsforestsglobal climate changeglobal healthindustrynatural disaster reliefnews and special reportsoceans, coral reefspollutionpopulationpublic healthriverssanitationtoxic chemicalstransportationwaste managementwaterwater and sanitationyale himalaya initiative










follow us: 
© copyright 2011 horizon international


horizon international
						yale university department of biology
						p. o. box 208103, new haven, ct 06520-8103 usa
						tel: (1) 203-432-6266. email






