





bais chana home
















































 







 skip to main content skip to footerbais chana women internationalextraordinary jewish learninghome
online classes
what’s next
donate
contact










bais chana.  where jewish women learn to live every day with purpose.




















keep me in the loop

























snorkel& studyjan 2-9, 2025sunny florida



for: college womenwhen: jan 2-9, 2025location: sunny florida















bais chana online



if you've been spending more time thinking - who am i? what is my purpose? what can i do right now to make this "new world" a better world? join a community of smart, savvy jewish women from around the globe and start learning!


























click here to see what's next for you at bais chana


























jewish uncamp


a judgment-free zone for independent-thinking jewish high school girls. bring an open mind and a sense of adventure. we don’t call it the uncamp for nothing.read more 


















snorkel & study


a jewish winter break adventure for college women from all over the world. 7 days of stereotype-busting, myth-shattering jewish discovery, lots of sun, swimming, snorkeling and fun.read more 


















jewish study retreats


part spiritual journey, part summer camp for women of all ages from all walks of life. challenge conventional wisdom. try out a new mitzvah. turn your world right-side up.read more 


























single jewish moms


the retreat you need, when you need it most. workshops on solo parenting, finding real love, financial management, and jewish spiritual teachings to master life’s most demanding moments.read more 


















women 55 +


you’ve got more experience, more wisdom, more spunk. now you’ve got a place to explore the things that are on your mind and in your heart with jewish women who get it.read more 


















bais chana online


online torah classes from the comfort of home. new friends in every time zone. a week's worth of fresh thinking, a la chassidic teachings.read more 


























bais chana pages


check out the awesome things jewish women are getting done all over the world. pages connects, promotes and showcases the work of our alumnae. ready to join?read more 


















bais chana pop up


want to share what we do with your friends? meet like-minded jewish women? have some fun? bring us to your city for a day of learning, pop up style. it's easier than you think.read more 


















better bartering


are you an aspiring chef? a people-loving photog or a writer with flair? got something else up your sleeve? we need you! barter your talent for a life-changing experience.read more 





















"they said “retreat” so i thought i’d feel blissed out. instead, my mind is buzzing with fresh ideas and i haven’t been this stimulated in years. "

seema 
from los angeles




" i had feared a spate of girly learning — you know, just skip the sources and go home and be patient with your husband and kids. instead the learning was real and deep. "

deborah
from israel




 " like landing at hogwarts. this place is magical. "

jacky
from vancouver




"bais chana should be a government requirement."

rosie
from chicago




"who am i? why am i here? where am i going? that's the judaism bais chana is about."

april
from new york city


 




























what we like to talk about at bais chana.






what is a soul. are women better. if g-d is good, why is there evil in the world. what's the key to happiness. how do i do shabbat. is judaism spiritual. what is love. what do dreams mean. should i use the mikvah. how can i become a better person. where does torah come from. what does g-d want from us. how do i know if what i believe is true.  can i learn to pray. why do bad things happen to good people. what's kosher. does g-d really care what we do. how do i know i'm marrying the right person. do jews believe in fate.  



















provocative. funny. wise.




our teachers help you live what you learn.  








 
rabbi manis friedmanwith wit and candor, friedman will take a good hard look at everything you thought you knew about g-d, judaism, love, family and happiness. then he'll mine torah's mystical teachings for the wisdom we need to live a life of purpose.
 


 
freidy yanoverfreidy yanover is a brilliant and provocative educator, comfortable going deep into the canon of chassidic texts. listen and learn as she applies that understanding to spiritual and emotional healing, dream interpretation, and living a fuller, happier life.
 


 
aarah aizmanleave behind everything you thought you knew about art and artists. aizman is more coach than instructor. she wants to see you experiment and explore – not strive for perfection.
 


 
rochel holzkennerholzkenner’s sensitivity, depth and quiet intelligence are like a magnet, drawing her students into the bible stories she’s teaching. or the personal stories she’s recalling. or the mitzvot she’s describing. and that means you won’t ever want her classes to end.
 


 
itty kayjust when you're ready to jump into the deep end of jewish learning, kay will crack open the chassidic holy books with enthusiasm, peel back layers of superficiality, and let you peek at the world (and yourself) through the eyes of the chassidic masters.
 


 
miriam lipskierlipskier is spirited and stand-up-comic funny but her life-lessons are profound, ready to use and always memorable. especially when she’s talking about dating and marriage, and the serious problem of happiness.
 


 
shimona tzukerniktzukernik looks at the human condition through the lens of torah and see things most of us can’t: what torah says about loyalty, motivation, addiction, defensiveness, intellectual honesty, freedom and more. once she points it out, you’ll see through that lens too.
 


 
shifra sharfsteinsharfstein’s a passionate educator, on board for everything you ever wanted to know about faith, prayer and happiness. because when the going gets tough, she knows you don't want feel-good judaism. you want the truth.
 


 
rivkah slonim





slonim takes you on a journey through torah texts, talmudic passages and mystical commentary, conveyed with stunning clarity and depth. she’s also the most straight-up down-to-earth chassidic feminist you’ll ever meet.






 


 
rus devorah wallenwallen is multi-talented – an educator, musician and therapist – but her real gift to the jewish people is her big heart and irrepressible energy and zest. once she pulls out the guitar all bets are off.
 
















































sign up for emails & stay in the loop!




if you're a jewish woman of any age, bais chana is the crash course on the soul of judaism that you've been looking for. we're the adult jewish summer camp you missed out on. we're your deep dive into judaism. it's time to find out more, isn't it? tell us which retreats you want to hear more about and what you'd like to see in your inbox - and presto, it's there! 








sign up for emails



























you can change her life forever




you can give a girl a profound jewish experience in just one week – and change the course of her life forever. oh, and her children’s lives too.that’s the power of jewish education for girls and women.  







please donate now













footercontact us
home@baischana.org

718.604.0088

about us
bais chana women international is a chabad nonprofit organization that serves an international clientele of jewish women from all walks of life, from teenagers to grandmothers, with jewish education, guidance and support.
 
bais chana women international retreats include jewish uncamp,  snorkel & study,  women's jewish study retreat in the berkshires, women's summer jewish study retreat in minnesota, retreats for women fifty-five-plus, and single jewish moms connect.


visit www.greatnonprofits.org to read independent reviews of bais chana women international written by alumnae, staff, volunteers and donors. bcwi is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit.

search this website
copyright © 2025 · bais chana women international














