



poker chips & casino supply wholesale industry leaders - trademark poker









enter search here
a subsidiary of trademark global.

america's leading casino supply wholesalernew arrivals:
last 3 days
			last 7 days
			last 14 days		
		



see what other product lines tradmark global has to offer at trademarkcommerce.com!










casino supplies



accessories



blackjack shoes and supplies



card shufflers



chip cases & carousels



craps supplies



games



miscellaneous



playing cards



playing cards - copag



playing cards (new)



poker chip sets



poker chip sets (assembled)



poker chip sets (mahogany)



poker chips



roulette wheels & supplies



tables



tables accessories



merchant program



contact us








	 


















4 aces 500 11.5g poker chip set w/ aluminum case 


*4 aces poker hand on each chip with 4 denominations!


msrp:$119.00call for wholesale pricing


these casino sized chips are 11.5 grams in weight. they are produced from a composite resin and an insert that gives them the weight feel of a heavy casino quality chip.
what makes them unique however, is the high resolution graphic label that is applied to the chip. this graphic is of the highest quality and offers players a chip with a superior look and feel.
all chips have a colorful image of a 4-of-a-kind poker hand in aces surrounding the denomination. each denomination is a slightly different label color, matching the color of the chips' stripes.the best part about these chips is that they already have the denominations on them.
there are four different denominations in this chip series, including $1, $5, $25 and $100. play your no limit hold'em games and all your other high stakes casino games with these chips! or play low stakes games too. these chips are very flexible for any game.the detail on these chips is flawless and their unique design makes them great for casinos and homestyle play alike.
your chips will be protected in this aluminum case. it will provide the most protection for your investment. it is made of heavy duty, yet lightweight aluminum available in brilliant silver. the interior is black velour with space for 500 chips, 2 decks of cards and 3 buttons. the handles are are securely riveted for long lasting use.
this is the chip case that will last a lifetime.we have included in this set 2 decks of cards and 3 buttons - dealer, big blind and little blind.
features include:

two decks of cards
dealer button
150 - $1 chips
200 - $5 chips
100 - $25 chips
50 - $100 chips
lightweight aluminum case
black felt lining
security locks
two lock keys
big blind button
little blind button
includes retail packaging

" playing cards depicted are subject to change without notice. it is at our discretion to replace playing cards with a similar product of equal or higher quality at any time."
© copyright 2009 all rights reserved
these poker chips are copyright protected and registered with the u.s. copyright office and are only available through us the manufacturer or our authorized dealers. it is unlawful for any of our competitors to sell a copy of this chip's style or characteristics.




















mardi gras skill stop slotmachine - pachislo 


full front graphic!   real slot machine!!!


msrp:$399.00call for wholesale pricing


product #14-mg














deluxe wooden roulette wheel - 19.5 inch 


19.5 inch wood wheel


msrp:$499.99call for wholesale pricing


product #10-10060














mahogany poker drink food cart with cup holders on wheels 


quick and easy way to add extra entertaining space wherever you need it!


msrp:$119.99call for wholesale pricing


product #10-d001




















home | contact | about



all website content property of trademark global © copyright 2025
check out our other product lines at trademarkcommerce.com.








