







musicblitz - your guide to learning and enjoying music in all forms.












































skip to content 





 




menu 
start
music and artist information

music genres

alternative music




learn to play

learn piano
learn guitar
learn violin


artists

nba youngboy
taylor swift


about us
contact us
 








your guide to music and entertainment 

welcome to musicblitz, your comprehensive resource for all things music and entertainment related! whether you’re a musician looking for tips on how to improve your skills, or an avid music and movie fan searching for the latest news and reviews, we’ve got you covered.
in our guides section, you will find information on how to learn music theory as well as how to enjoy music in different forms.
we also have sections dedicated to movies and tv-shows, with news and reviews of both upcoming releases and those currently available for streaming.
so be sure to check back regularly for the latest updates!
below you can find our latest articles about music and entertainment:
exploring the diverse world of musicals: unveiling 8 unique genres and types
top 10 fun and easy guitar songs for kids (with video tutorials)
the surprising benefits of music for children’s development
10 best musicals for kids: the ultimate guide to kid-friendly musicals
the magic of japanese shoegaze: exploring a unique genre of music
celebrating maria: a collection of 19 must-hear songs
the ultimate guide to piano grades: what you need to know
game on! dazzle your kids with these engaging music quiz and trivia websites
playtime rockstars: the top 10 online music lessons for kids
find the perfect musical instrument for your child – 10 best options
shoegaze songwriting tips: crafting dreamy soundscapes
the top 15 albums that defined the shoegaze genre
15 beautiful songs that celebrate the name sarah in it’s title
what is r&b music? 7 great examples & history
15 best mumble rappers
does bradley cooper actually play the guitar in the movie a star is born?
10 best apps and websites with free karaoke songs
30 top pump up songs of all time for sports
14 best burna boy songs
rapper feature prices, including lil durk, drake, travis scott and more.

if you are an “old timer” we also provide access to our old(-er) publications of free mp3 downloads and reviews of songs by a lot of artists in many different genres.







searchsearchrecent postsexploring the diverse world of musicals: unveiling 8 unique genres and types
top 10 fun and easy guitar songs for kids (with video tutorials)
the surprising benefits of music for children’s development
10 best musicals for kids: the ultimate guide to kid-friendly musicals
the magic of japanese shoegaze: exploring a unique genre of music
recent commentsno comments to show. 







cookies
disclaimer
terms and conditions
privacy policy
contact us
about musicblitz
 

					© 2022 musicblitz				













