









match stick marvels


























 
 
 















 
home
the models  

mars 2020 perseverance
apollo 11
fast & furious dodge charger
millennium falcon
steampunk “plane loco”
two-headed dragon
international space station
new world trade center
minas tirith
harry potter hogwarts
notre dame


about artist
the museum
group tour info
while in the area
contact us
 




gladbrook theater
gladbrook corn carnival
gladbrook community
museum info319 2nd street 
	gladbrook, ia 50635museum hours:open april 1 thru nov. 30 
7 days a week from 1-5 pm 
closed easter & thanksgiving
handicap accessibleadmission fees:adults: $5.00 
ages 5-12: $3.00 
under 5 yrs: free 
cash only
no credit cards accepted
for additional information 
call: 641.473.2410 or email us 



you are here:  home 



iowa artist patrick acton has glued over 8.6 million ordinary wooden matchsticks into 75 incredibly detailed scale models of life-like sculptures, complex machines, and world renown architecture. acton uses the tiny two-inch long sticks to build huge models like his 13-foot long true-to-scale model of the battleship uss iowa, and a 12-foot lighted model of the united states capitol. the matchstick marvels display has drawn visitors from all over the world.
matchstick marvels models have been seen on abc’s extreme makeover: home edition, home and garden tv, pbs, ripley’s believe it or not, and rfd’s small town, big deal. additionally, the models have been featured in magazines such as highlights for children, reminisce, aaa travel, wood, the iowan, country america , farm bureau, and workbench.
for the past 44 years acton has used matchsticks by the millions to build these unique models that can be seen in museums around the world. many are featured in ripley’s believe it or not museums in north america, australia, asia, and europe. you can see many of acton’s most intricate creations at the matchstick marvels tourist center, 319 2nd street, gladbrook, iowa.
  
matchstick marvels version of the international space station previously on display at nasa’s houston space center, courtesy of ripley’s believe it or not, 2015.






				 
				


 copyright © matchstick marvels | all rights reserved 
 matchstick marvels tourist center was built with the efforts and generosity of the people of gladbrook, and is operated through the tireless efforts of the volunteers that staff the exhibit. 



 visit us on facebook! 

 
 
 powered by  bdh technology  
 









































































































































































