






























    hotel near arcadia, ca | oak tree inn
  














            


     home



  rooms



  meeting room & pools



  reviews



  reservations



  nearby attractions



  location & contact



  join our vip rewards program






   

book now

 








       
 





         

book now!

    

low room rates start at $90/night!


  

online booking


 comfortable hotel in monrovia california 


       

low room rates start at $90/night!


  

online booking


 comfortable hotel in monrovia california 


       

low room rates start at $90/night!





      

 comfortable hotel in monrovia, ca hotel located on the border of 
arcadia & monrovia, ca

 



at oak tree inn, we want you to enjoy your getaway. whether you’re here to relax, have an adventure, or get some business done, our hotel provides the perfect home base for your vacation. our central location near arcadia, ca, allows us to serve arcadia, pasadena, and monrovia. our hotel so that we can serve a variety of patrons and needs, we offer three different room types. you can book a regular room with two queen beds, a regular room with a king bed, or a deluxe room with a king bed. we have handicapped accessibility options and free continental breakfast with any booking.plus, all of our rooms come with several amenities. you can get down to business with our wifi access and workstation desk. or you can have some fun with a flat-screen tv and free access to premium cable channels like hbo, cnn and espn. nearby attractions our hotel is conveniently located near many wonderful california attractions. whether you want to spend the day at an amusement park or catch a major league baseball game, you’ll find something enjoyable just around the corner.you can also treat yourself to a delicious meal at any of the nearby restaurants. we’ll point you toward tried-and-true familiar chains or unique, local joints — whichever you prefer. see a curated list 
of activities and restaurants we recommend.  browse our rooms 
and facilities 
to see all we have to offer. to quickly book a stay at our hotel near arcadia, ca, reserve a room online. you can also give us a call at 888-306-0628 
or 626-358-8981 
for an easy booking experience. we hope you enjoy your stay in california!


    

regular (two queen beds)
  

regular (king bed)
  

deluxe (king bed)


      we offer discounts to the following: senior citizen, groups, military, health care workers, corporate (extended stay), and government officials






   handicapped accessibility  reservations accepted  free continental breakfast  swimming pool & jacuzziserving monrovia, arcadia, & pasadena 
 affiliations     


  











      



   contact information phone reservations:  888-306-0628 626-358-8981address: 788 w huntington dr, monrovia, ca 91016email:
reservation@oaktree-inn.com

   





    

 





 join our mailing list  
   name

 email

 next birthday





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.




   content, including images, displayed on this website is protected by copyright laws. downloading, republication, retransmission or reproduction of content on this website is strictly prohibited. terms of use 
| privacy policy




















































































































  
  share by:













