








beckerman pr | real estate public relations | new york, ny
















































 




















































            beckerman is now  click to learn more about our brand changes, and how we're continuing to grow as the preeminent real estate pr team.
          












services
expertise
clients
about
people
blog
careers
contact



 
 
 

 




 





strategy. message. impact.




 







development
beckerman is a valued partner in the branding and marketing of innovative developments, and the visionary companies behind them.


real estate technology / proptech
the only specialized real estate technology practice in north america, beckerman real/tech is a coast-to-coast team of technologists and former journalists who understand the unique landscapes of both the real estate and technology sectors.


architecture & design
beckerman’s team of architecture and design specialists are skilled at communicating the unique emotions that the built environment can evoke.


brokerage & professional services
we shine a spotlight on brokerage and professional services firms, differentiating them from their competitors by pinpointing their value proposition, and using it to shape a brand identity that’s aligned with business objectives.





real estate / adaptive reuse
reinventing a historical icon: we brought bell works to life, reinventing the iconic former bell labs building as a vibrant ‘metroburb’ that has created an urban-inspired mixed-use center in holmdel, nj, and positioning somerset development as a global leader in redeveloping suburban office assets.



real estate / adaptive reuse
from warehouse to collaborative work hub: alliance hsp unveiled plans to transform a warehouse on the outskirts of philadelphia’s center city to a tech-friendly working environment predicated on a modern, vibrant and collaborative layout. we took that vision to a far grander scale, earning widespread esteem in top-tier publications throughout the nation.



blog: renting your next apartment on snapchat
from the beckerman blog: renting your next apartment on snapchat.  read more






real estate / cre redevelopment
bringing ‘cool’ to the workplace: as keystone’s office portfolio evolved, so did the company’s brand reputation. thanks to new messaging and a strategic media rollout, keystone is now widely regarded as the most creative office redeveloper in the philadelphia metro.



real estate / technology
the pivot done right: honest buildings’ brand evolved from a matchmaker for “green building” owners to a fully integrated marketplace and workflow platform for real estate operations. through a comprehensive thought leadership campaign, professionals across the real estate spectrum have come to see the hb platform as an integral part of their workday.




 

 
 

 








 aggressive, modern public relations and public affairs campaigns with deep industry savvy.







connect with antenna:
email
facebook
twitter
linkedin
instagram
 





video title here




©2025 beckerman | all rights reserved terms of use
privacy policy
visit our partner agencies: antenna groupecobranding
























