

 





redeemer church – snellville, ga












































home
about us

who we are
what we believe
our staff
our elders


i’m new
next steps
ministries

family
adults
women
men
missions


serve
news+events
sermons
giving
search




menu


menu

 






who we are


watch live
sundays @ 9:00 am 




































 






redeemer is a multi-ethnic community focused on living life and following god together. we exist to invite others to join us as we worship god, devote personally, connect together, and serve people. so wherever you are on your path, we invite you to join us as we seek to follow jesus and love people.


new?   start here    


worship with us

sundays @ 10:30 am
live stream then on demand






watch online   
connect with us   
online giving   





explore life, faith, meaning


the alpha course runs september 21 through november 23. join us for this life-changing opportunity!



register here


learn more
registration




sunday message


sunday message

new sermon series

easter sunday
march 31 • 10:30am

sunday, january 12

sunday, february 16


message series:  connect

10:30 am

stewards of grace
1 peter 4:1-11
we have been given an incredible gift in the grace of god through jesus. that reality transforms our human relationships in a profound way. we care for that gift by learning to live more and more like jesus in the way we treat others.

weekly sermon devotional
description of sunday message here.



watch latest message   


sermon library  


watch latest message   
view current series   


weekly sermon devotional
watch latest message   
view current series   



watch last sunday’s message   




new sermon series begins
april 16 at 10:30am

current sermon series

advent sermon series

“lord, open my eyes”

people pursue and value many things in life. jesus often uses his “kingdom parables” to sketch a vision of a life worth pursuing above all else.



watch last sunday’s message   


watch current message   
view series   





visit our devotional library!

the bible is god’s word. when we read scripture, he breathes it into life so we can hear god’s word to use today. they aren’t just ancient but are fresh and new to you today. use our devotional library to dive into scripture, think deeply, and drawer closer to god.



learn more





our advent devotionals are a wonderful way to reflect on the coming birth of jesus christ. each week, you’re invited to protect 10-15 minutes to read scripture, read a gathering thought, light a candle, and spend time individually or as a family in prayer.


get started 


events and happenings

2025 missions conference





join us for our annual mission conference on february 21-23 and march 1 & 2. we’ll explore and celebrate what god is doing in missions for all peoples of the earth. checkout the link below to learn more about the conference schedule, activities, sign-ups, and link to live stream sessions!


learn more


conference sign-up quick links



prayer vigil 
table centerpiece contributor
international potluck dinner



se gwinnett co-op monthly request


february: rice
our local food pantry is requesting rice during the month of february. drop off your donations in the designated burgundy bin in redeemer’s main lobby and we’ll deliver to the co-op.




valentine box project


now through february 16
an outreach to our young adults, college students, military and shut-ins to help them stay connected with our redeemer community and nurture their relationship with christ. there’s three ways you can participate! learn more >




men’s monthly breakfast


saturday, february 15, 8:30am
all men are invited to come enjoy a hearty meal, uplifting fellowship, and a time to connect and grow together in faith. bring a friend, an open heart, and a good appetite! meets in fellowship room.






monday morning women’s bible study


mondays, 9:30am
all ladies are invited to our study! learn more >










reflections women’s bible study


tuesdays, 9:30am
all ladies are warmly invited to join us for our study! learn more >












men’s bible study
sundays at 6:00pm


meets online via zoom. learn more >















ladies book club


monthly on tuesdays at 7:00pm
meets in host homes. new friends are always welcome! learn more >











this section is never published. holding repetitive content for copying purposes.




valentine box project


now through february 16
an outreach to our young adults, college students, military and shut-ins to help them stay connected their redeemer community and nurture their relationship with christ. there’s three ways you can participate! learn more >



congregational meeting


sunday, september 8
immediately following the worship service, join us in the sanctuary for a brief meeting to elect our nominating team that will put together a slate of candidates for the 2025 elder class.



kick-off sunday


august 11, 9:15am
kick-off sunday marks the start of a new ministry year for our children and youth! we’re introducing kids and youth small groups on sunday mornings from 9:15-10:15. learn more >



drive-thru prayer ministry


wednesday, june 19 • 5:00-6:30pm
redeemer will begin hosting a once-a-month drive thru prayer event for our community that lets us share how much god loves them. join us as a road sign holder or prayer volunteer. learn more & volunteer sign-up >



women’s ministry lunch gathering


saturday, april 27 • 12:00-2:00pm
we’re kicking off a new season of women’s ministry with a fun lunch gathering! childcare provided. learn more >



let’s connect! women’s lunch


saturday, march 16 • 12:00-2:00pm
we’re kicking off a new season of women’s ministry with a fun lunch gathering! learn more >



congregational meeting


sunday, november 12
immediately following the worship service, join us in the sanctuary for a brief meeting to elect our nominating committee that will put together a slate of candidates for the 2024 elder board.



annual congregational


sunday, june 2
immediately following the worship service, join us in the sanctuary for a 2024 budget review and property sale update.



church wide picnic


sunday, october 8, following worship service
bring your favorite side dish or dessert to share. drop contributions off in the church kitchen before the worship service begins. our hospitality team will provide meat dishes and drinks. come to church in your comfy clothes and bring lawn chairs or picnic blankets for you and your family!



kids stem sunday


sunday, october 15, 10:30am
on the 3rd sunday of each month during kids church, our kids have the opportunity to learn about faith through the lens of science, technology, engineering, and math! as they participate in interactive activities, we hope to help them grow their curiosity for god and his intricate creation. we’re excited to partner with pearce learning tech to present this opportunity for our kids!




reflections ladies bible study


tuesday, september 12, 9:30am
new fall study on 1 corinthians begins. | all ladies invited! learn more >






walk for obria


saturday, september 16, 9:00am
join the redeemer church team for the obria walk—an annual fundraising event for obria medical clinic who provides life changing care to women, babies & families in our community!  |  learn more >





samaritan’s purse – pack a shoebox!


sunday, oct. 22 – nov. 12
god can use a gift-filled shoebox given in jesus’ name to transform a child, their family, and their community! operation christmas child empty shoeboxes are available in the lobby to pick up and fill. return filled boxes at the november 12 worship service for a special dedication. learn more >



men’s monthly breakfast


saturday, september 23, 8:30am
all men are invited to come for a delicious breakfast, fellowship, and an encouraging message! continuing the series, wild at heart, by john eldredge.



bag a lunch • help a bunch


sunday, october 15
after worship, we’re providing bag lunches to families in our community. come be a part of the crew! learn more >





monday morning women’s bible study


monday, october 2, 9:30am
introductory fall breakfast | all ladies are invited to kick off the new fall study! learn more >









women’s bible studies


monday & tuesday mornings, 9:30am
fall studies have started and new friends are welcome! learn more >









women’s fall brunch


tuesday, september 3 • 9:30am • fellowship room
perfect occasion to get together, relax, catch up with old friends and meet some new ones as we celebrate the end of summer and look ahead to the colorful and cooler season that’s just around the corner.  learn more >











men’s bible study
sundays at 6:00pm


meets online via zoom. learn more >














ladies book club


monthly on tuesdays at 7:30pm
meets in host homes. new friends are always welcome! learn more >









community thanksgiving service


sunday, november 19 • 7-8pm
redeemer is hosting this year’s annual community service. along with trinity lutheran church and good shepherd presbyterian church, we invite everyone to come join us as we worship, give thanks, and fellowship together. light refreshments after the service.



community thanksgiving dinner


sunday, november 19 • after worship service
we are prepping and packaging fresh, hot thanksgiving meals and delivering them to families in our community. come be a part of the crew! learn more >



community christmas dinner


sunday, december 17 • after worship service
we are prepping and packaging fresh, hot christmas meals and delivering them to families in our community. come be a part of the crew! learn more >



christmas eve services


sunday, december 24 • 10:30am & 5:00pm
join us for our lessons & carols morning service at 10:30am and then again for a special candlelight service at 5:00pm.



maundy thursday sacred supper


thursday, march 28 • 6:00pm
join us for this family-friendly event that brings us together for a time of reflection leading up to easter. learn more >



redeemer 101 class


sunday, may 5 • 3:00-6:00pm
our 101 class offers an opportunity to learn more about the unique dna and heartbeat of redeemer. learn more >



obria baby bottle campaign


may 12-june 16
we’re collecting change to change lives! learn more >



bbq mission trip fundraiser


pre-order today! pick up sunday, june 30, after worship service
order some delicious smoked bbq for your july 4 celebrations and help provide clean water in the dr at the same time! learn more >



promise haven landscape work day


saturday, october 5 • 10am – 2pm
our ministry partner, family promise, needs volunteers to help with some landscape maintenance at their promise haven house. learn more >



2025 annual missions conference


february 21 & 23 • march 1 & 2
give them jesus: across the street, around the world | mark your calendar and plan to join us as we explore and celebrate what god is doing in missions for all peoples of the earth! full schedule and details coming soon.





2024 missions conference





we held our annual mission conference on february 23-25 and march 2 & 3. a great time was had exploring and celebrating what god is doing in missions for all peoples of the earth. checkout the link below to learn more about the conference activities and watch recorded live sessions!


learn more


conference sign-up quick links



international potluck dinner


stay connected



download
our mobile app for
ios and android


subscribe
to our email
newsletter


subscribe
to our
youtube channel


follow
us on
facebook

   

contact us









name*


first



last

email*

messagecaptchaemailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 









need prayer? let us know how we can pray for you >>

 redeemer church
3750 zoar church road
snellville, ga 30039
phone: 770.979.2467
email: info@redeemerpc.com
office hours:
mon/thurs 10am-4:30pm
tues/wed 9am-4:30pm
fri 9am-2:30pm
worship service:
sundays, 10:30 am







© copyright - redeemer church 






scroll to top













