






social media & online marketing for business - marketing angel










































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footer navigationmarketing angel social media and online marketing for growing businesshome about  meet ninja team core values   happy clients  small business   packages hiring angel request consultation social media & online marketing for business
don’t pay for marketing services you don’t need. let our expert team give you an innovative “angle” on your marketing   request a consultation marketing angel takes the current trends in online & social media marketing and merges them together with your marketing plan to reach your business goals.  
  consulting & strategy angel, the original marketing ninja, will consult with you (or your team) on a monthly basis.  we will review detailed reports, give you current marketing trends and insight to meet your short-term and long-term marketing goals.   consulting monthly marketing support the marketing angel team can handle your customized monthly marketing tasks: social media posts, blogs (written by us or you), website seo, advertising (google, yelp, facebook, etc) online review analysis, current online marketing trends and more. monthly packages learn how we can help hiring marketing angel is like hiring an in-house marketing team member for your small business. contact us to learn how we can partner with you to help grow your business.     contact marketing angels it’s often hard for a thriving business to find marketing support they can trust. our clients are with marketing angel an average of over 5 years.  we work hard to ensure as the markets change your online messaging and marketing goals are protected. ~ angel
social media managementthe marketing angel team can manage your social media and online marketing campaigns – we create content in your voice using topics geared towards your target customers. facebook, twitter, linkedin, youtube, google and more.contentin 2023 it is important to make sure you have great content on your website, social posts, newsletters, videos etc. we utilize content you have, your ideas or draft content (that you approve) to make sure your message is consistently shared with your audience.marketing trendsit isn’t enough to know what to do in marketing, you have to determine if your ideal client is currently engaging on that platform. marketing angel stays current on marketing trends so you get maximum benefit from your marketing.advertisingadvertising platforms are often challenging and costly to figure out the “sweet spot” for your business. let the assistant angel team of marketing ninjas assist you with your online advertising efforts. google ads, facebook ads, instagram ads and more.website search & seoto compete on the web, websites require good content, technical seo and on-page seo – search engine optimization. our team of seo ninjas can review your brand, industry and website, perform keyword searches and make suggestions for you. how you rank on google is important to your marketing.reviews & reputation managementhaving a plan for reviews of your business is key in today’s market. the marketing angel team manages your reviews, and connects with you as reviews come in, and plans to get maximum exposure for those reviews online.we offer customized consulting, social media & online marketing services.
request a consultation our team of marketing ninjas will take care of you and your marketing message.
“in today’s ever-changing online marketing arena, it isn’t enough to just show up.  you have to engage and share your clients’ story and messaging.  marketing angel helps you with both – merging current online trends with your specific marketing goals.  we help you and your online presence grow.” ~ angel
angel:  owner & marketing strategy and consulting
 jodi: client care ninja & social media manager
 rachel: video editor/podcast editorwhat our clients have to say

 one of the characteristics i look for in my team of professionals is that they are willing to work as hard as i do to serve their clients.  i found this in angel and her group. my previous experience with a marketing company was that i had to do all the work and they posted it. angel is a cut above all the rest, cares for her clients and is passionate about success! ~ michael m, google review
 as social media evolves angel and her staff are all over it. with each monthly meeting we make changes, look at results and see where i can better direct my efforts and examine new possibilities with my website, client mailings, blogs and even customer problems. communications are excellent with monthly person to person meetings as well as email communications. you would think they were big times kennel’s owners, as they are really into my business. i can not thank them enough. ~ john and maureen, google review
 after a year with angel, when comparing 1stq2019 business that came directly from social media with 1stq2020, our numbers more than quadrupled. second, angel’s responsiveness, professionalism, and expertise is second to none. lastly, the intangibles of angel being truly vested in your business’s success, her prompt and professional communication skills and great personality make her the rarest of finds. i can’t think of any one person i have recruited to be on my team who has better served me and my firm. ~ michael kaplan, linkedin reviewhow can we help?
feel free to schedule a time to discuss your current marketing needs.  if marketing angel is unable to help you, we will point you in the right direction. we want you to win at marketing. request a consultation 

copyright © 2025 marketing angel, llc - duluth, ga 30096
about
privacy policy
request a consultation
packages
testimonials
blog
contact us

we use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. if you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.okprivacy policy








