





edgar allan poe, short stories, tales, and poems












































 menu





 



home
biography
summaries
stories
poetry
timeline
quotes
forum
gallery
wordlist
guestbook
bookstore
links
credits
contact






news

19 jan 2025happy birthday to edgar allan poe and elektra!! edgar allan poe is 216 years old today! it's amazing how his stories are still relevant and scary today!
06 may 2024okay i just spent the past couple of days updating the guestbook. you can read the details on the guestbook status page!
04 may 2024hey everyone! i'm still keeping the site updated to the latest standards and you should be able to install it on your phones as an app (a pwa, or progressive web app is a cloud-based app you can install without having to download a full sized app!)also, i've gotten a little behind with the guestbook (no surprise right?) but i'm working on that too!!
09 dec 2022are you watching wednesday on netflix?? i love the edgar allan poe references in the show. poe actually did put hidden messages in his poems and stories. his poem a valentine is an example. poe even teaches the reader how to solve secret messages in the gold bug. enjoy!
30 mar 2022i've been converting the site to a pwa (progressive web app) so you can install the site on your mobile device home screen. i just tested it on iphone and android. try it and let me know if you have any issues.
25 mar 2021i just updated the world map with pins for every person who has signed the guestbook. there are 443 new pins for a total of 5,651. new pins were added for finland, belgium, netherlands, france, portugal, ghana, india, australia, china, philippines, dominican republic, and of course many cities in the u.s.

news archive...





you are visitor 

            since 31 jul 2005








welcome to poestories.com

          by robert giordano


          this site contains short stories and poems by edgar allan poe 
          (edgar allen poe is a common misspelling), story summaries, 
          quotes, and linked vocabulary words 
          and definitions for educational reading. it also includes a short 
          biography, a timeline of 
          poe's life, and links to other poe sites.

          most people recognize poe by his famous 
          poem, "the raven". others may have read one of his
          more popular dark and creepy tales like, "the 
          fall of the house of usher" or "the 
          tell-tale heart". poe wrote quite a few gothic stories about 
          murder, 
          revenge, 
          torture, 
          the plague, 
          being buried alive, and 
          insanity. many modern books and movies 
          have "borrowed" ideas from poe. some of poe's stories were not well accepted in his day 
          because people were just not ready for them- they were too scary.

          many people don't know that edgar allan poe also wrote stories about 
          adventure on the high seas, 
          buried pirate treasure, and a famous  
          balloon ride. 
          poe invented the detective story with tales like 
          "murders in the rue morgue" and 
          "the purloined letter". sherlock 
          holmes and other fictional detectives would later be based on the characters that poe
          created. poe wrote love stories and even a few 
          strange little 
          comedies. he attempted to explain the 
          composition of the universe in a 
          way that sounds a little like quantum physics. 
          explore this site and you'll see why i think edgar allan poe deserves to 
          be recognized as one of the most original, imaginative, and ingenious authors of 
          our society.


summaries

          poe wrote many stories on many different topics. if you don't know where to start, you can browse
          short summaries of edgar allan poe stories, so you can find something that 
          interests you. don't worry, i don't give away the endings!! 


wordlist

          this site makes it easy for you read poe's stories. poe knew several languages and had quite a
          large vocabulary. poe's works are not hard to read but sometimes he uses obscure words or 
          references that the average user may not know. because of this, i've created an ever growing 
          wordlist containing many of these words and their definitions. when 
          a word in the wordlist appears in any story, it becomes hyperlinked to its definition. 


gallery


          in the gallery, you'll find a large collection of edgar allan poe 
          portraits and daguerreotypes. learn the details behind each of poe's commonly 
          recognized portraits.

          in the poe artwork section, browse a constantly 
          updated selection of art from current artists who were inspired by edgar allan poe, his poetry, 
          and prose. artists who have created paintings, drawings, or illustrations based on poe or his
          works, are invited to contact me about featuring your work on this site.

          the gallery also features photography from various 
          trips to edgar allan poe historic sites, like the ones in 
          richmond and 
          baltimore.



about this site

          poestories.com was originally built by robert giordano in 2005 using 100% standards compliant
          html and css, written from scratch. in 2019, robert updated all of the code to an html5 "responsive" layout for phones and mobile devices. 
          this site should work equally well in old browsers from 10 years ago, all the way up to the latest chrome, safari, firefox, and edge browsers. 
          the site even works in internet explorer but why would you do that? finally it means this site is fully
          functional with all styles turned off and is accessible to people with disabilities.

          enjoy your visit and don't forget to sign the guestbook.










 




 




home | 
biography | 
summaries | 
stories | 
poetry | 
timeline | 
quotes | 
forum




gallery | 
wordlist | 
guestbook | 
bookstore | 
links | 
credits | 
site map | 
contact





home | stories | poetry | timeline | gallery | site map | contact



  copyright 2005-2025 design215 inc., all rights reserved. 
  site built by  
  







html5   
  pulp8






