






bike surgeon – ride a bike! | ride a bike! | ride a bike! | ride a bike!











































 




















skip to content





201 e. state st. o'fallon il (618) 622-1693 









 

bike surgeon
ride a bike! | ride a bike! | ride a bike! | ride a bike!







brands
fit
repairs
gears bar&café
events
o’town hustle 5k
fat tire festival
lucky 7
contact

  













welcome to bike surgeon on the interwebs

our most epic event of the year happens in october every year, fat tire fest.  it’s happening this year from 10/17-10/19/2025 and registration is live. click here to get signed up today, and do it now to enjoy early registration pricing!!
bike surgeon is owned and operated by a group dedicated individual and close friends who have a passion for the sport of cycling and a desire to provide an unforgettable bike shop experience. when you get a chance, swing by and say hi, check out the shop, enjoy our bar and cafe, “gears“, toss the ball with ari the shop dog and jump in on one of the many shop rides.
bike surgeon was founded in 1974 and has operated in carbondale and the metro east during the past five decades. over the last 45+ years bike surgeon has evolved from a college town repair shop to one of the premiere bike shops in the midwest, having been selected as one of america’s top 100 bike shops multiple times.
bike surgeon emphasizes the best in customer service with a knowledgeable and professional staff that are eager to guide customers through the sometimes-overwhelming process of getting into cycling. this process is complimented by a large selection of the cycling industries best brands including: specialized, cannondale, cervelo, salsa, niner, colnago, enve, zipp, thule, kuat, garmin, wahoo and many more.
fit. fix. fun.  it’s what we do!
fit
bike surgeon houses a cutting-edge retul 3d fit studio staffed by three certified fit professionals.  these pro’s provide customers with the most comfortable and efficient bike fit possible through a medically based fit protocol developed by the boulder center for sports medicine.
fix
bike surgeon offers the most comprehensive mechanics shop in the region; staffed by some of the best mechanics in the midwest with decades of experience as well as the latest tools and education.
fun
bike surgeon offers several weekly group rides for riders of all skill levels as well as a number of annual races and bike events including the southern illinois fat tire festival, tour de surgeon, o’town hustle, the fourth of july ride, and the cannonball race series.







	events
















			mar		

			1		








10:00 am - 12:00 pm 


 




		chili willie 1st saturday of the month; a, b and c group rides	










			mar		

			11		








5:30 pm - 7:00 pm 


 




		tuesday night group rides	










			mar		

			15		








8:00 am - 10:00 am 


 




		saturday morning a and b group rides	










			mar		

			15		








10:00 am - 12:00 pm 


 




		saturday c group	










			apr		

			1		








6:00 pm - 8:00 pm 


 




		tuesday night group rides	









		view calendar	













		copyright ©  2025		bike surgeon
		theme: flash by themegrill.		proudly powered by wordpress 








 



























