





























lough inagh lodge hotel, connemara | welcome official website































 




lough inagh lodge4 star accommodation, covid 19 safety charter compliant book with confidence breathtaking views from our doorstepsee moreperfect locationin the heart of connemarasee moreoriginally an 1880 fishing lodgeauthentic fishing experiences at hand read moresurrounded by mountainson the shores of lough inagh find us 
















 +353 95 34706


 free wifi


 official website




















hotel 
stay and spend  
history 
reviews 
photos 
contact 
gift vouchers 


rooms 
superior double rooms  
superior twin room 
deluxe double bedrooms 
pet friendly 


finnisglen restaurant 
sample dining menu 


events 
mindful, self - compassion (msc)  getaway 
meetings 
weddings 
house parties 


location 
attractions 
fishing 
walking  
golf 
oysters 
killary sheep farm 


offers 
reservations 















special offers







connemara garden package at lough inagh lodge hotel
connemara garden package @ lough inagh lodge hotel

from

€325


book now









2-night special full irish breakfast and dinner on one evening

from

€250


book now












lough inagh lodge 4 star connemara hotel


​ ​ ​ ​


	set in spectacular scenary, in the heart of connemara is lough inagh lodge hotel.

	 
to the west of galway city, the hotel rests on the shores of lough inagh, one of connemara's most spectacular lakes. the lodge is surrounded by majestic mam turks and spectacular twelve bens mountain ranges on all sides.
a perfect haven for complete rest, and relaxation lough inagh lodge hotel offers you all the comforts and pleasures of an elegant, modern hotel in an old-world atmosphere.
lough inagh is also perfectly placed to take advantage of a number of outdoor pursuits and activities.
 hill walking, fly fishing, cycling, golf, sight seeing, exploring!!














dining

lough inagh lodge offers country house cooking at its best

see more




















weddings

why not do something extra special and hold your wedding at lough inagh lodge

see more










lough inagh lodge hotel4.925050what our guests say 5/550"once again, we had a wonderful stay at inagh lodge in beautiful connemara. inagh lodge offers warm hospitality, comfortable & spacious rooms. the food is excellent & there is a good choice of beverages. we always say "we will be back" and when we get the opportunity....we book this lovely hotel."maureen munnelly 21-jun-2022bookassist 5/550"excellent location, food ,and staff."hotel guest 10-may-2022bookassist 5/550"a beautiful location. the owners are so welcoming and attentive. the staff can not do enough for you - so friendly. 5* dining. will definitely be back. the perfect place to relax."lauren walsh 22-apr-2022bookassist 5/550"wonderful staff especially the waiters at dinner great room, views etc  would highly recommend! "hotel guest 19-apr-2022bookassist 5/550"just an amazing property. the photos don't do it justice. the rooms are so luxurious as well — one of the comfiest beds i've ever slept in! the food is amazing, the service is impeccable while also being laid-back and friendly (tom is the man). do yourself a favour and book in for two nights to really experience the place. feels like coming home after a long day of hiking or exploring the region, and it helps that there's always a beautiful turf fire burning to defrost next to. thank you to all the staff for such a wonderful stay. planning to come back the next chance we get! "ciara butterfield 1-apr-2022bookassistread more opinions








​pet fiendly




​golf 




​parking

























lough inagh lodge hotel ****


recess,  connemara (ireland)


tel.:+353 95 34706
inagh@iol.ie









sitemap 
disclaimer 
privacy policy 
best price guaranteed 
cookie preferences



facebook
twitter
instagram







made with  by bookassist





homecontactlocationoffersreservations






reservations online


check-in



check-out



select

all
superior twin
superior double
superior triple
king size bed deluxe double



promo code



book now

official website









official website



                        book direct on our website for the very best rates!          













































