




computer furniture from warwick fraser




  










































































experience the benefits of
our custom made technical furniture to solve your technical / computer room problems.










































 server cabinets for dell,
ibm, sun, compaq, hp servers. plus network data cabinets and wall
mounted cabinets.



 fire safes for media and
documents also second user fire safes at up to half price.





 mobile storage racking save 80%
of floor area for documents, media, parts etc.



 transit cases and aluminium flight cases
manufactured to order.





 automated storage carousel for
documents and parts with retrival at the touch of a button.



 computer consumables all makes of
branded computer supplies at best prices.





 steel
storage and fire proof cabinets for secure doument filing.

call 01403 753069 for details!



 raised access flooring for easy
access to under floor cabling and services.

























































warwick fraser are market leaders in the
supply and manufacture of computer racking and computer
room technical furniture, comprising of open style technical
racking systems with kvm switch solutions.
storage racks, help desking,
      lansolve racks, lan racks, bridge/multi-tier
units, for pc’s monitors,
      flat/tft screens and keyboard storage,  anti-static workbenches, computer
workstations.  server racking/cabinets
for new generation server storage, 19”
rack mount enclosures, data/network
cabinets and wall cabinets
for patch panels.
automated storage
carousels including datapik, swiftpik and data stack vertical
rotating, electronic document management systems. high security cages
and rosengrens media data fire safes
tested to en1047-1 by ecb.s, ul & vdma. plus second user fire safes, secure disc and secureline fire safes as well as fire filing cabinets.
air conditioning
for environment control together with raised
access flooring systems giving total computer room
solutions.  floor
panel lifters for carpet and vinyl floors. tak mats in
3 sizes. media transit and flight cases customised in fibreboard,
polyethylene, aluminium with 19”rack and shock mounted protection
for all types for equipment. 
media racking
for all types of cartridges
and tapes lto, dlt, 4mm, 8mm, megastore, quad racks,
second user racking for 3480/3490/3590. 
workplace solutions with universal fitting
cpu holders and roll out server caddys
single and multiple sizes. raised walkway
platforms over cabling range of lengths and widths to order.
our reputation is based on expertise in
making the organisation of your computer room as easy as possible.
we
offer many styles of racks, all designed for your particular
requirement.
supported by a level of service and
customer care that we believe is second to none, and upon which you can
rely.













please feel free to browse
our website, should you require any further information don’t
hesitate to either call us on 01403 752469, utilise our contact page or email an enquiry to sales@warwickfraser.co.uk





we accept credit card payments







warwick fraser & co. ltd, loxwood,
billingshurst, west sussex rh14 0sg
tel: 01403 752469,
email: sales@warwickfraser.com








workstation
solutions • lan/bridge units •
      help desks • lansolve racks
server racks • anti-static workbenches • server / data cabinets • fire safes • transit cases
 media destruction
• raised floors • air conditioning • automated
storage carousel • flat panel mounting
• media & labels • media racking • mobile storage • longspan
racking







original web design by www.jpmh.co.uk 



































