









homepage














































skip to main content

























































                combined insurance has ceased writing new business in new zealand.
            

this does not impact existing policyholders, who will continue to receive customer service, including claims handling, policy change requests and renewals.




















combined insurance is a division of chubb insurance new zealand limited (chubb).










                    combined insurance customer service
                

call us free phone on 0800 combined (266 246)
10am to 6.30pm monday to friday.


learn more











                    privacy policy
                

chubb’s privacy policy to help you understand how we handle and protect your personal information.


learn more















                    complaints and dispute resolution
                

procedures on how to lodge complaints and resolve disputes arising out of your experience with our products and services.


learn more











                    duty of disclosure
                

chubb’s duty of disclosure which applies to combined insurance, its customers and prospective customers.


learn more















                    about chubb
                

want to know more about chubb and our financial strength rating?


learn more






























                    combined insurance financial hardship policy
                

if you require support with any of our insurance products, claims or services, we are here to assist.
financial hardship
we are committed to supporting customers facing financial hardship. our financial hardship policy can help you access support and services at your time of need.
how can we help?
fast tracking your claim
if you are able to demonstrate that you are in urgent need of benefits you are entitled to under a combined insurance policy as a result of an event causing a claim, we will look to fast track the assessment of your claim.
in some situations we may make an advance payment on the claim to assist you.
if you unable to pay us money owed to us due to financial hardship
we may in certain circumstances and subject to you demonstrating financial hardship to us:
·         deduct an excess from a claim amount
·         delay or extend payment terms
·         offer you instalment payments
·         put the recovery of monies on hold
·         release your debt (where appropriate)
·         agree with you to pay a reduced lump sum amount
importantly, our financial hardship assistance does not apply to the payment of premiums under a combined insurance policy. 
managing our debt collectors
combined insurance agents such as collection agents or solicitors have been trained to manage financial hardship. if you advise our agents that you’re experiencing financial hardship, they must notify us and will give you information in writing about our financial hardship process. you can always contact us at:
combined insurance customer service o: 1300 300 480 f: 02 9922 2096 e: customer@combined.com.au
how to apply for financial hardship support
if you are going through financial hardship, please contact us as soon as possible. we can discuss your situation and provide you with our hardship form to apply for support and assist you with the application process. alternatively our hardship form is available by clicking here.
you may also wish to consider contacting the national debt helpline on 1800 007 007 which is a free and confidential financial counselling resource that can provide advice to australians in every state and territory:
if you are not satisfied with any decision we make, you can access the combined insurance complaint and dispute resolution process at: complaints@combined.com.au

































select region

























                        cookie policy 
                    



                        privacy policy
                    



                        terms of use
                    



                        company details
                    


















combined insurance is a division of chubb insurance new zealand limited. chubb insurance new zealand limited. company no. 104656 | financial services provider no. 35924.
www.chubb.com/nz
















