     vassar chevrolet dealer in vassar mi | bay city fairgrove frankenmuth chevrolet dealership michigan                               

                                                    cook chevrolet             sales 800-772-0942    service 800-563-8019  parts 989-823-8523      1193 w. saginaw rdvassar, mi 48768                  service        map        contact                         cook chevrolet                   call 800-772-0942   directions                      new   search inventory   search new chevrolet trucks   gm uaw hourly employee incentive   schedule test drive   compare 2.7l vs 5.3l engines    shop click drive   2024 model research   2025 model research     pre-owned   search inventory   fuel efficient used vehicles   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   find my car     specials   lease specials   new specials   gm uaw hourly employee incentive   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   chevrolet special offers     electric   search new chevy ev   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev   test drive chevy ev   energy x chevrolet     service & parts   service department   schedule service   service & parts specials   order parts online   shop chevrolet accessories   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   collision & body shop   gm accessories   tire finder     body shop   finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   section 179 tax deduction   chevrolet protection     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   technician career   career technician   our blog     contact us   contact us   hours & directions   chevy accessibility   onstar assistance	   my chevrolet rewards   gm rewards                      home   new   search inventory   search new chevrolet trucks   gm uaw hourly employee incentive   schedule test drive   compare 2.7l vs 5.3l engines    shop click drive   2024 model research   2025 model research     pre-owned   search inventory   fuel efficient used vehicles   vehicles under 20k   certified pre-owned vehicles   carfax 1 owner   schedule test drive   find my car     specials   lease specials   new specials   gm uaw hourly employee incentive   pre-owned specials   service & parts specials   chevrolet special offers     electric   search new chevy ev   2024 chevrolet blazer ev   2024 chevrolet equinox ev   2024 chevrolet silverado ev   test drive chevy ev   energy x chevrolet     service & parts   service department   schedule service   service & parts specials   order parts online   shop chevrolet accessories   oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics   collision & body shop   gm accessories   tire finder     body shop   finance   finance department   get pre-approved   payment calculator   section 179 tax deduction   chevrolet protection     about   our dealership   careers   meet our staff   technician career   career technician   our blog     contact us   contact us   hours & directions   chevy accessibility   onstar assistance	   my chevrolet rewards   gm rewards               


                                 important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                                                                  


inventory search

    shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search              minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         


      search new inventory     search used inventory            view our lineup    suvs  |  trucks  |  cars          malibu      camaro      corvette          trax      equinox      trailblazer      blazer      traverse      tahoe      suburban          colorado      silverado 1500      silverado 2500hd      silverado 3500hd      express        

     shopping tools






easy
financing
get pre-approved








quality
service
schedule service








service
offers
view offers




     


under $20k
shop our inventory under $20k.
search inventory




certified pre-owned
browse our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles.
search certified


      



chevy trucks
featuring high-strength steel, fully boxed frames and innovative cargo beds, they're the family of the most-dependable, longest-lasting full-size pickups on the road. choose the truck that best meets your needs.


new trucks


used trucks







       



service experts
we made your chevrolet the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. cook chevrolet technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.


schedule service


order parts












     



welcome to cook chevrolet
if you're shopping for a new vehicle or looking for auto repairs in the vassar area, then you'll be able to find everything you need at cook chevrolet. we have an amazing selection of the latest chevrolet models for you to buy, and the cook chevrolet service department can easily take care of any auto repairs and maintenance you need. need financing? apply for a chevrolet finance offer or view chevy lease specials to get the keys to a new car today!
more about us



 contact us  *first name:    *last name:    *e-mail address:    *phone:    preferred contact:  phone email text    comments:       by clicking submit, i consent to cook chevrolet contacting me at the number provided above and leaving prerecorded voice or text messages that advertise goods or services. i agree that communication may be transmitted through an automatic telephone dialing system or text messaging service. i confirm that i am either the owner/subscriber of the mobile number provided above or that i am authorized by them to provide it. i understand that my consent is not required as a condition of purchase and that i can revoke my consent to receive automated calls by providing reasonable written notice to cook chevrolet.       

     


    sales hours         monday 8:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 8:00am - 6:00pm     wednesday 8:00am - 6:00pm    thursday 8:00am - 8:00pm    friday 8:00am - 6:00pm    saturday 8:00am - 3:00pm    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm     wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday 8:00am - 1:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 5:30pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:30pm     wednesday 7:30am - 5:30pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:30pm    friday 7:30am - 5:30pm    saturday 8:00am - 1:00pm    sunday closed        







follow us on social media


        





     visit the cook chevrolet dealership in vassar
cook chevrolet is located in vassar and has proudly served the greater saginaw area, including
 the nearby cities of bay city, frankenmuth, and birch run, since 1988 when steve cook founded the dealership.


the latest chevy models
at cook chevrolet, we are committed to making sure our customers are satisfied with their experience. in fact, gm has recognized our dedication to the customer experience with the general motors mark of excellence award. no matter what kind of vehicle you're looking for, you're sure to find something in our gm inventory that will meet your needs. some of our top-selling new models include:

silverado: the chevy silverado is ready for anything, whether you're hitting the worksite or the open road. this full-size pickup comes in eight different trim levels, three cab configurations, and three different bed lengths, allowing you to customize your ride based on your needs and lifestyle.
equinox: despite being a small crossover suv, the chevy equinox provides plenty of cargo space and a roomy interior. when you factor in the impressive standard safety features and turbocharged engine, you have an incredibly versatile and capable vehicle.
blazer: the chevy blazer combines the capability of a full-size pickup truck with the exterior and interior stylings and amenities of a luxury vehicle.
colorado: the silverado's little sibling, the chevy colorado, may be a bit smaller, but it still offers a number of available engines and trim levels, making it extremely customizable. though you may not be able to tow quite as much in a colorado as you can in a silverado, its midsize design makes it easier to maneuver around town.
trax: this compact suv crossover boasts a surprisingly spacious interior, a sporty design, and impressive performance capabilities. all of these details combine to make the trax incredibly versatile.



quality pre-owned vehicles
if you're looking for a pre-owned vehicle, you can explore a wide range of cars, trucks, and suvs from the automotive industry's top brands. at cook chevrolet, we try to simplify the car-buying process as much as possible. one way we do this is by giving each of our used vehicles a 117-point check before making them available for purchase. additionally, all of our pre-owned cars come with an auto-check certified history and a warranty.
financing
our goal is to match you with your ideal vehicle and then get you behind the wheel as quickly and painlessly as possible. from loans to leases, our finance department will work with you to find a financing option that fits your budget.
service center
routine maintenance is an integral part of keeping your vehicle operating efficiently, reliably, and safely for years to come. our team of a1-a9 ase certified technicians has the experience and expertise to handle your vehicle concerns, no matter how big or small they may be. we have an extensive parts and accessories department as well. whether you'd prefer to handle the job on your own or you're hoping to customize your vehicle to better match your style, our team can help you choose the parts you need to get the job done.


                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | cook chevrolet | 1193 w. saginaw rd, vassar, mi 48768 | sales: 800-772-0942              


















                           