








barnplans [blueprints, gambrel roof, barns, homes, garage workshops, dormer window, cupola]

















home
barns
accessories
showcase
order
contact







but not just barn plans!!
we still offer you a line of simple, concise and easy to read blueprints designed with the owner/builder in mind. go ahead and have a look around. bring your imagination with you! we think you'll like what you see.




clear, precise autocad drawn blueprints which reflect over 40 years of building, design and drafting experience.  we offer eight sizes of our two story gambrel barn design in 4’ width increments from 8 to 36 feet and lengths from 12 to 60 feet, or longer!  the plans range from an attractive two story gambrel horse barn, to a two story gambrel garage/shop, to a beautiful two story gambrel barn home with up to 4320 square feet, or more, of total floor space, all with our unique engineered, clear-span gambrel truss design. we give you the plans for the basic barn shell with a loft or full second floor. from there, you set-up that garage/workshop you've always wanted! you put stalls and storage in your horse barn where you want them! you create the floor plan for your new two story gambrel barn home to fit your family and your life-style exactly. once you have the basic two story gambrel barn shell, the possibilities are only limited by your imagination!






i sat down and reviewed the plans today. they are very well done. i've been in construction for 15 years and these plans will make it very easy to build this barn house.
terry stewart, magee, ms




man i sure am having fun building this mini barn!! i have all of the trusses up. will attach pix of them. just wanted to tell you how much fun i am having!!!!!!
dan allen, camas, wa




i've been studying my plans and i am impressed with the quality and the amount of information. i've been an estimator and construction manager for over 30 years now and i can tell you that the plans are well worth the money.
thomas ussery, corpus christi, tx




you sure are thorough with your support. i just contacted you yesterday and it seems i'm light years ahead of where i've been for quite some time. thank you so much.
erik weberg, portland, or




this is what i call service....getting serious and well documented answers on questions put to you on a sunday!  the word "workaholic" came to us from the usa, but you must have been the guy who invented it. thanks a lot for the speedy service.
guillaume vinck, antwerpe, belgium




i can't tell you how much i love driving around the corner and seeing that shot of my house and barn together....man, it looks great! it truly is a dream house and shop set up. i'm so thrilled that i found your website, bought your plans, and got to know you.
andy jenkins, ellensburg, wa




submitted the order today for the plans. your web site was very helpful. especially the showcase portion. it showed several modifications that fit what i wanted. great job!
jim rashford, new windsor, ny




i perused the plans last night and they look great. i like the simple, easy to read schematics. they're clear and concise. the amount of detail on each page will also make them easy to use. thank you very much.
don santarpia, monroe, ny




barn plans arrived today! they look great! i'm particularly excited about the details in the truss construction. i've already put the plans through the permit department and will start building in a couple of days.
dennis trawick, prattville, al




the trusses are up on my 24' garage/shop!!  man they look fantastic!!  i have had so much fun on this project.  i can't say enough about your great truss plans....i love them!
dan allen, camas, wa




thanks for the great plans. our barn is the envy of everyone who sees it. it was a blast to build....now comes the fun of using it.
tim buchanan, elbert, co




thank you for giving me the information i needed to make my decision to buy your plans. i did a lot of window shopping before making my choice and out of all the plans i've seen yours is the most beautiful and practical.
shane bird, vancouver, wa




i review plans for construction projects on a daily basis and because of that i was somewhat hesitant about ordering plans over the internet. i have to tell you that i am very impressed with the amount of detail included in the drawings.
wes spiller, winfield, al




my barn is really starting to look great! i only have the roofing to finish and then it will be more or less done. thanks again for the plans. my builder told me that he's built 3,500 sq. ft. homes with plans half as detailed as what you provided. he was very happy and so am i.
mark blakeman, nashville, tn




awesome!! they just put up the first truss and it fit perfectly. the guys are building them fast & stacking them up!!  i cannot even find the words to describe how cool it is!  the contractor and the crew are impressed. you are to be commended for this fantastic product.
robin davis, raymond, wa




we have weathered 2 hurricanes, a tropical storm, and an earthquake since moving into our barn house.  putting that engineered roof on a genuine barnplans, inc. barn house is the best decision we ever made!  thanks again for all the engineering that went into the design.
kevin morgan, fayetteville, ga




we have decided to turn our garage/shop into our barn home and add the covered deck, shed roof and dormer windows. the original garage is nearly complete and i am loving every minute of it. thanks for the great plans.
terry boyink, wayland, mi




i took the plans in and applied for my building permit. they were approved in 5 days and without a single red mark on them. they even commented that they were one of the nicest garage/shop plans that they had seen submitted to butler county, ohio.
keith borders, middletown, ohio




hi there from canada! i have just ordered the plans for your 24x30 barn. your barns are beautiful and i hope to finish building mine by fall! congrats on the concept and the website….very informative. the many photos add a lot to it. keep up the good work!
christian denault, vaudreuil-dorion, qc




my 20 x 30 garage/shop is really looking great. we only have the roof to finish and it’ll be more or less done. thanks again for the plans. my builder told me that he's built 3,500 sq. ft. homes with plans half as detailed as what you provided. he was very happy and so am i.
mark blakeman, nashville, tn




after several nights of surfing the internet, i'm convinced that you have the best design available for a shed-sized gambrel barn. the barn showcase (specifically the macler project) was very helpful in making a choice of the plans to order.
todd smyth, bethesda, md





barns




barn house
so you say, "why do i need a barn when i don't even have a horse?"  we’ll show you why!





horse barn
figure out how many stalls you want, figure out how big you want the stalls.  do the math….pick the barn!





garage / shop
the plans are for the complete gambrel barn "shell"....from there you can get as fancy as you want! 





napa barn
single story barn with higher than normal entry height and relatively low profile roof line....clear-span truss design!





minibarn
the gambrel mini-barn storage sheds have the same roof pitches as the bigger barns.  they look right!





doggie barn
the gambrel doggie barn is available in three different sizes.... small, medium and large. (duh!)




		 
	

accessories




gambrel dormer window
upstairs light and ventilation.  4’, 6’ and 8’ widths fit all of our gambrel barn models and sizes.





cupola
there's a formula for getting the proper proportion of cupola size to roof length so it'll look right, and we've got it!





gambrel side entry
mud room, anti-room or formal entry…fits all of our gambrel barn models and sizes.





shed roof
the classic “lean-to”. on one side or both.  open post and beam or framed-in with doors and windows!





covered deck
upstairs outdoor access with stairs on the inside or outside of your barn!





bi-fold doors
our unique double bi-fold door system eliminates overhead interference and occupies mere inches of side space.





barn showcase

you can still see all of the barn showcase features, with new ones added every few months, but now it's in a new easy-to-navigate numbered interface. it's way easier to get around and you'll still get to see what other barnplans barn builders have done with their own gambrel barn homes, garage/shops and horse barns!
so keep on sending us those barn photos and maybe you'll see yours in our barnplans barn showcase!
go to the list of all showcase features



in the current showcase feature, we'll take you through the ultimate barn building project in three parts.  it's dano's new 32x44 barn home in north bend, oregon celebrating 20 years at barnplans, inc. and 40 years of building barns.





photo gallery

enter the photo gallery



























contact us



			name

			phone number

			e-mail address

			questions/comments







please contact us by phone or e-mail and we'll be happy to answer any questions you may have. we'll stick with you through every phase of construction, from planning to the last shingle on the roof. also, be sure to check out our faq page for answers to all those frequently asked questions!

address:
				barnplans, inc.
				94355 hideaway hill
				north bend, or  97459
				


call us monday thru saturday from 8am to 5pm pacific time:

toll free:
				(877) 259-7028
				
outside the us:
				(541) 751-1607
				


attention!! after you've reviewed the faq's, if for some reason our response to your inquiry doesn't appear in your "inbox" within minutes, at most a few hours, please... check your spam/trash folders for it.  there are a lot of important emails that get filtered out right along with the junk everybody receives on the internet!  know that a prompt response to your inquiry is our #1 priority! or you could always just give us a call!







			a portion of all sales goes to tunnel to towers.
			 barnplans, inc. is a proud sponsor.
		

about dano



			a portion of all sales goes to the wounded warrior project.
			barnplans, inc. is an "advance guard" sponsor.
		


		copyright © 1997 - 2025 barnplans, inc. all rights reserved.
		barnplans™ and the barnplans™ logo are registered trademarks
		barnplans engineered truss© design.
	

