












home oxygen therapy, oxygen supplies & equipment | lincare
















































 





patient portal 

guest pay 

virtual visits 

contact us 






 






our services











home care services








durable medical equipment (dme)









enteral therapy
tube feeding








high frequency chest wall oscillation (hfcwo)
airway clearance








home inr testing
pt / clot factor checks








lincare® powered mobility
electric wheelchairs








long term care
nursing homes








nebulizer therapy
medicated breathing treatment








overnight oximetry screening









oxygen therapy
stationary & portable








pediatric services
respiratory services








pharmacy
mail order








pulmonary rehab by meridian
respiratory therapy








sleep apnea therapy
cpap and bilevel








speech generating devices
customizable devices








ventilator therapy
invasive and non-invasive







in-home disease management
education







care check™









copd patient education









heartsteps®









mdinr®









sleepeaze™






 








buy direct








cpap supply usa®








dme supply








go2poc supplies®





 













patient resources










getting started








what to expect









switching to lincare









coverage & compliance









welcome guide






 






your whole health
lincare learning center




 








about your condition








asthma









central sleep apnea (csa)









congestive heart failure









copd









obstructive sleep apnea (osa)









view more






 








patient support








dispute resolution









billing faqs









shipping faqs









general faqs









medicare reimbursement









patient portal






 






durable medical equipment
list of devices




 












why lincare















about us









our skilled team









our reputation









testimonials









safety practices









emergency preparedness






 








working for lincare
strive to make a difference in every patient’s life - every day.





 








what's happening
news & announcements





 












medical professionals















making enteral referrals









making nebulizer referrals









making oxygen referrals









making pap referrals









electronic prescriptions and electronic ordering









rx unit of measure quantity conversion chart






 








long-term care facilities
nursing homes and rehab centers





 








physician supply orders
referring a patient




 












find a center

























                        search
                    




 






home ·


services ·


oxygen therapy ·












 







oxygen therapy

respiratory illnesses are common medical conditions, yet being diagnosed with one can still be overwhelming. fortunately, treatment options and oxygen supplies are available so you can continue living life on your terms.





﻿




email me treatment
information

























ok


please enter first name
please enter last name
please provide an email
phone must be 10 digits
zip must be 5 digits










our approach:

            at lincare, we're committed to providing you the oxygen treatment (as prescribed by your provider) that works best for your lifestyle, healthcare needs, and other factors. our oxygen products include oxygen concentrators, portable oxygen systems, and high-pressure cylinders. the lincare name is synonymous with state-of-the-art oxygen supplies, and delivering quality patient care is our top priority.
        

learn how to get started with oxygen therapy today 


 







nocturnal oxygen

sleep disruption can be a symptom of respiratory conditions. your practitioner may prescribe nocturnal oxygen treatment if you regularly wake up with a headache or feel overly tired during the day but don't require full-time oxygen support. our nighttime solutions can help you feel more alert and reduce daytime fatigue by preventing breathlessness that interrupts your sleep cycle.
learn more in the patient's guide to oxygen therapy








oxygen therapy treats conditions including:









amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)
a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord.












asthma
periodic inflammation and narrowing of the airways.












chronic bronchitis
persistent inflammation of the bronchial tubes.












chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd)
inflammatory disease that impacts oxygenation.












emphysema
a disease that destroys the lungs' air sacs.










 






take control of your health journey
the patient portal is now available!


learn more about the patient portal



 



tips for your whole health









patient's guide to oxygen therapy

            if you're new to oxygen therapy, it can seem intimidating – but you don't have to do it alone. you'll have a new routine to adjust to and oxygen equipment to learn to use, not to mention adjusting to the reality of your respiratory condition. lincare provides services and supplies to help you make the most of your treatment. starting at-home oxygen therapy doesn't have to be intimidating. in this article, we offer helpful tips that can help you live and breathe more comfortably. read this article


all whole health oxygen therapy articles


 





oxygen therapy delivery devices
oxygen delivery devices are used to provide supplemental oxygen to patients from their stationary concentrators or portable tanks. there are several types of oxygen delivery devices, including nasal cannulas, oxygen masks, and conserving device regulators. the type of oxygen delivery device used depends on the patient’s specific needs and level of oxygen requirements. one of the following devices will be prescribed by your physician after determining your specific needs.










continuous flow nasal cannula

nasal cannula that delivers a continuous flow of oxygen through tubing that runs from the oxygen source to a patient’s nostrils. the oxygen flow through a nasal cannula can be titrated up to as high as 6 liters per minute (lpm).












high-flow nasal cannula

high-flow nasal cannula that delivers a continuous flow of oxygen through tubing that runs from the oxygen source to a patient’s nostrils at a higher liter flow rate. the oxygen flow can be titrated up to as high as 15 lpm.












simple oxygen mask

a mask that delivers a continuous flow of oxygen to the nose and mouth and is typically used when high-liter flows of oxygen are required.












oxygen conserving device regulator

an ocd regulator is attached to a portable oxygen cylinder that only delivers oxygen when triggered by a patient inhale. they also have a built-in continuous flow setting. ocd regulators can provide numerous benefits for patients as they can drive tank efficiency, reduce oxygen waste, and promote mobility.






learn more about innovations in oxygen therapy



 



devices we provide include:







portable oxygen concentrators




these portable oxygen concentrators are lightweight and portable enough to take anywhere.








stationary oxygen concentrators




concentrators filter room air to deliver concentrated oxygen. ideal if you require a continuous or nocturnal oxygen supply.








                  
                        continuous oxygen monitors
                  
               



these non-invasive devices measure your blood oxygen levels during therapy.








oxygen conserving devices




these devices provide a controlled flow of oxygen, extending your supply time and enabling you to be away from home longer.








oxygen cylinders




these portable cylinders are perfect to take with you on the go. they work well for daily use or in case of an emergency.








contact a lincare centerloading...













 





facebook 

linkedin 

youtube 







policies 

careers 





this icon  indicates that you are leaving the company's website. linking to a third-party site does not constitute an endorsement by company,
but is solely provided for additional information. refer to company's terms and conditions of use for more information.
© 2025 lincare holdings inc. all rights are reserved.




affiliated entities of lincare offer a variety of additional services to help patients throughout treatment. by exiting our site and going to an affiliate site you are acknowledging these services/products are not provided by lincare and will not be covered by insurance.
        











toggle 












our services


oxygen therapy
sleep apnea therapy
home inr testing
nebulizer therapy
ventilator therapy
browse all services


why lincare


about us
our skilled team
our reputation
safety practices
what's happening
working for lincare


getting started


what to expect
switching to lincare
coverage & compliance
welcome guide


about your condition


copd
sleep apnea & snoring 
neuromuscular disease
heart disease & defects






patient support


faq
medicare reimbursement
dispute resolution
patient portal


medical professionals


referrals
physician supply orders
electronic prescriptions
long-term care facilities 
find a location


policies


terms of use 
anti-discrimination 
privacy
hipaa



 








 








x


            we use cookies to understand how users engage with our website. please read our cookie policy to learn more.
        

confirm


 

