


international schools and english schools in germany - germany schools.

























home


european 
          schools


world 
          schools


add 
          school


job 
          vacancies


about





international schools in germany - germany schools




germany


france


austria


switzerland


spain


links






berlin
berlin 
        brandenburg 
berlin british school 
berlin 
        international 
berlin 
        metropolitan school 
john 
        f. kennedy school 
nelson 
        mandela international school 
state 
        international school
        bonn
bonn 
        international school 
        indep'dent bonn international
        dresden
        dresden international 
        düsseldorf
        international school
        frankfurt
 frankfurt 
        international 
internationale 
        schule
        haimhausen 
bavarian 
        international school 
        hamburg
        internationale schule
        hannover
        school of hannover region
        heidelberg
        heidelberg international
        herzogenaurach 
franconian 
        international
        kandern
        black forest academy
        leipzig
leipzig 
        international
        munich
bavarian 
        international 
munich 
        international
        neuss
isr 
        international schule am rhein in neuss gmbh 
        potsdam
erasmus 
        international 
        salem
        salem international college
        stuttgart
international 
        school 
 weimar 
thuringia 
        international school 
        wiesbaden
        international school 


 




germany schools 










this is the online directory with the main schools in germany that offer 
        an education in english. the programmes vary from the international baccalaureate 
        (i.b.) programme, which includes pyp, myp and diploma to the british gcse 
        and gce examination systems. all schools are required to satisfy the requirements 
        of the german national system. 
international baccalaureate 
the international baccalaureate organization’s diploma programme was 
        created in 1968. it is a demanding pre-university course of study that 
        leads to examinations. it is designed for highly motivated secondary school 
        students aged 16 to 19. the programme has earned a reputation for rigorous 
        assessment, giving ib diploma holders access to the world’s leading 
        universities. the diploma programme’s grading system is criterion-referenced, 
        which means that each student’s performance is measured against well-defined 
        levels of achievement. these are consistent from one examination session 
        to the next and are applied equally to all schools.the ibo has shown, 
        over the course of 30 years, that students are well prepared for university 
        work. they are accepted by universities in more than 110 countries.


ib diploma and german university entrance
1. an international baccalaureate diploma/diplome du baccalaureat international 
        issued in accordance with the regulations of the "international baccalaureate 
        organization/office du baccalaureat international" shall be recognized 
        as valid for university admission, if it has been obtained after attending 
        at least twelve years of full-time education, and if the following requirements 
        are met:
        a) the six examination subjects taken for the "international baccalaureate 
        diploma/diplome du baccalaureat international" (ib) must conform 
        to ib conditions:
        - two languages (one of which at least must be a foreign language studied 
        uninterruptedly as "language a"),
        - one natural science subject (biology, chemistry, physics),
        - mathematics (mathematical methods or mathematics hl or further mathematics 
        together with mathematics hl),
        - one social science subject (history, geography, economics).
        the sixth compulsory subject may be one of the above or one of the following 
        subjects recognized by the ib:
        - art/design, music 1, theatre arts; another modern foreign language; 
        latin, classical greek; general chemistry, applied chemistry, environmental 
        systems, computer science, design technology; philosophy, psychology, 
        social anthropology, business and organization 2.
        b) one of the three subjects, apart from the continuously studied language 
        a, to be taken at higher level for the "international baccalaureate 
        diploma/diplome du baccalaureat international", must be mathematics 
        or a natural science subject such as biology, chemistry or physics.
        c) all subjects must have been taken uninterruptedly up to the end of 
        the school career.
        d) candidates must earn a minimum ib grade of 4 on the six compulsory 
        subjects1.
        where an ib grade of 3 is awarded in one subject only, it is possible 
        to compensate for this if another subject taken at the same level has 
        been awarded at least an ib grade 5, and an total of 24 points has been 
        attained.
        e) german diploma holders who have elected to take german as one of the 
        two compulsory languages must state this to be "language a" 
        (a1 or a2). in either case, german diploma holders must supply proof of 
        having studied a second foreign language in addition to the required continued 
        study of the foreign language (a1 or a2) for at least four years during 
        their school careers.
        german diploma holders, who have attended a school abroad not providing 
        german courses, must supply proof of competence in german before being 
        accepted for higher studies; such details are defined by the regulations 
        in force in the relevant federal state. 

 
international schools 
germany schools 
italy schools 
spain schools 
switzerland schools 
china schools 
india schools 
kenya schools 
singapore schools

more international schools 
english 
  language schools 
tefl


 














 
 counter  



counter





 
 

disclaimer: the information on these pages 
   are provided by the schools themselves. world wide schools takes no responsibility 
   for any inaccuracies or omissions. 
   if you are a representative of this school and wish to correct information, 
   please click on http://www.english-schools.org/form.htm and submit any corrections.
 
last modified
   february 22, 2007




