


turtle rescue of long island




























		 scooter the box turtle
when we acquired scooter we were not sure of 
		gender but later discovered scooter is actually a female. she does not 
		mind her name and we chose not to change it.
click here to learn 
		about scooter
             
		         



 
 

 



























home


become a sponsor!
	in the news
veterinarian listings





    about us

blog

	turtles of new york

 rescues
  necessary 
	reading(vitamin a)
 what to 
		do if you find a box turtle
 important information about 
	red eared sliders
4" law
family dog/cat dangers
care sheets
common health problems
sulcata challenge
sulcata tortoise
shipping turtles



    and tortoises
links

contact us


	planning for your pet's future without you 

videos

photo gallery

photo gallery 2

snapping 
	turtle laying eggs




	come visit my store on cafepress!









	click to join turtlerescuelongisland



.
 turtle rescue of long island 























 




















							 



					 



    

 
turtle rescue of long island
a 501(c)3
                          organization ~ all donations are tax
                          deductable





 




 turtle rescue of long island, which is a 501(c)3 non-profit
became incorporated in 2004, started by julie maguire and steve
menikos in an effort to help the many turtles and tortoises which
become injured or are found ill. for many years we also took in
non-native turtles and tortoises and adopted them to new homes.
however over the years the rescue grew and so did the number of
turtles and tortoises that came in, forcing us to concentrate on
just taking in rehabs. at this time due to space, monetary and
time constraints we will only be taking in native turtles.
							 
							the goal of turtle rescue of long island is to provide
reliable, up to date information on the care of turtles and
tortoises as well as provide a haven for native turtles until they
can be released back to the wild. on the pages of this website we
hope you will find the information you are looking for. we strive
to provide the best possible information on all aspects of care of
chelonians. you will find links to some of the best sites on the
web for species specific care. if you can’t find something just
send us an e-mail and we’ll try to find the info for
you. (turtlerescueli@gmail.com)

							many people buy a turtle or tortoise and know very little
about their care and don’t realize how large or how long turtles
and tortoises can live with proper care. we hope you will find the
information you need on our site to keep a healthy turtle or
tortoise. 

please note: as of august 1st, 2015,
trli will no longer be taking in non-native turtles and
tortoises which includes red eared sliders. we will continue to
do all of the rehabilitation work on the native turtles, however
no longer can accommodate unwanted pets. please check with your
local shelters and rescues for help with placement. 


							we take in many native turtles for rehabilitation. there are
cases that can be anything from hit by car, illness, cruelty
cases, neglect and abandoned.  whenever possible all native
wildlife is returned to the wild as they should be, and in the
case of not being able to be released are adopted to permanent
homes.  

							for more information on turtles and tortoises join our yahoo
group. just click on the link in the menu column. lots of friendly
turtle keepers with a like interest that love sharing advice,
stories and more about their turtles and tortoises. come join us!
  http://pets.groups.yahoo.com/group/turtlerescuelongisland/join

 








   










 





 




here in this yard... i will
                            never know the barriers of living in a glass
                            tank.
                            i can sleep soundly, assured that when i
                            wake my world will not have changed.
                            i will never know hunger, or the fear of not
                            knowing if i'll eat.
                            i will not shiver in the cold, or grow weary
                            from the heat.
                            i will feel the sun's heat, and the rain's
                            coolness, and be allowed to smell all that
                            can reach my nose.
                            my shell will be dirty because that's how a
                            tortoise should be, not shiny from being
                            waxed.

                            here in this yard... there will be an effort
                            to communicate with me on my level.
                            i will be talked to and, even if i don't
                            understand, i can enjoy the warmth of the
                            words.
                            i will be given a name so that i may know
                            who i am among many.
                            my name will be used in joy, and i will love
                            the sound of it!

                            here in this yard... i will never be a
                            substitute for anything i am not.
                            i will never be used to improve peoples'
                            images of themselves.
                            i will be loved because i am who i am, not
                            someone's idea of who i should be.
                            i will never suffer for someone's anger,
                            impatience, or stupidity.
                            here in this yard... i can trust arms that
                            hold, hands that touch...
                            knowing that, no matter what they do, they
                            do it for the good of me.
                            if i am ill, i will be doctored. if scared,
                            i will be calmed. 
                            no matter what i look like, i will be
                            considered beautiful and known to be of
                            value.
                            i will never be cast out because i am too
                            old, too ill, too unruly, or not cute
                            enough.
                            my life is a responsibility, and not an
                            afterthought.
                            i will learn that humans can, sometimes, be
                            kind.

                            here in this yard... i will belong. i will
                            be home.








  


  









 

 








 







 



  
 mail donations to:
 turtle rescue of long island
                  
                  po box 359 
                  centereach, ny 11720.






                                      
all material herein © '2004-2018 "turtle rescue of long island ". all rights reserved
       


 


