





acs / starcrafts – an imprint of starcrafts publishing













































 



skip to content










					acs / starcrafts
				

 





main menu




homebooksmenu toggle

astrology books metaphysical books
personalized reportschartsmenu toggle

astrology charts astrology calculations
blogcontact 




cart
						/
						$0.00
 

									0								




 




 
 







































welcome to acs publications & starcrafts publishing






since 1973, astro computing for levels beginner, intermediate and professional.







































obituary







a community zoom memorial will be held march 23rd at 1pm. if interested in attending please contact tom at tom@astrocom.com for the link  



































new book!






translation of light






my scientist father, warren weaver and our conversations about astrology






helen weaver


















this book is actually two books.
in the first place, it's a book about my father, the late warren weaver, a distinguished scientist and mathematician - so distinguished, in fact, that new york university named their math building warren weaver hall. vice president and director of natural sciences at the rockefeller foundation, world traveler, author of seven books and hundreds of articles, and a brilliant, kind, and charming man, he was my hero. this is a book about my father and me. so i guess you could call it a memoir.
secondly, a book about astrology. it's not the book that dad had in mind - that book was made impossible by his death - but it's as close to that book as i can get. for example, dad wanted our book to be in dialogue form - a traditional form of exposition in the history of western philosophy - so i have incorporated some of our conversations that made it onto tape. he thought our book should include a history of astrology, for he had always felt that something with a long history should not be disregarded. so with the help of some modern astrologers and academics who have specialized in the subject, i have put together a little history of astrology. and since at 72 pages it is too long to go in the so-called memoir, i have relegated it to an appendix. also in an appendix is a discussion of the birth charts of the weaver family which seemed too technical for the non-astrologer. if this is a book about my father, why is there so much about me? because i want to show how each of us developed a philosophy that made possible such an unusual meeting of minds. and when i discuss the birth charts of the weavers, the reader needs to know enough about both dad and me to see how astrology works.
 



























because it does work! for as the great astronomer johannes kepler, who discovered the three laws of planetary motion, wrote, "the belief in the effect of the constellations derives in the first place from experience, which is so convincing that it can be denied only by those who have not examined it."
astrology, the study of the stars, is at least 7,000 years old: almost as old, if not older than, recorded history. for all but the last three centuries of that time, astrology has been closely associated with astronomy. in ancient babylonia and egypt observation of the heavenly bodies was the province of a priestly class who also engaged in the prediction of terrestrial events.



















highlighted book for the new year!








midpoints








unleashing the power of the planets








michael munkasey

























since the first edition of this book by michael munkasey was published in 1991, it has been a widely used reference book for many astrologers and their students who have recognized the value and importance in horoscope interpretation of the midpoints--the halfway point between any two planets, or a planet and a highly significant point such as midheaven, ascendant or north or south node of the moon. the format of this edition is very similar to the first edition, but you will find that the author has updated the interpretive text. so do read it carefully...and if you have not used midpoints routinely before, you will soon realize how significant they can be in chart interpretation!
this book has a wealth of interpretive material. it is a "must have" addition to the library of anyone who works with the dial techniques of cosmobiology and uranian astrology.





















15% off through february 2025







































































themes for two










time for love










rate your relationship










compatibility profile for romantic partners





















we are shifting our reports to email versions only.
a printed version is still available! if that is what you would prefer.
call 603-734-4300 to inquire about a printed version.






please note, due to a rise in printing costs, all reports are subject to an 8% printing fee increase, plus a standard shipping and handling.



































 







home
books
reports
charts
blog
terms of service 

						copyright © 2025 acs / starcrafts
powered by acs / starcrafts‭+1 (603) 734-4300‬					



























