




 





weather instruments by rainwise: weather better



















































































 



    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.
for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.













































        skip to content    

 












        compare        ()
    



sign in



            create an account        

 








cart



0








          shopping cart          
















toggle nav









        advanced search    





search





 




                        menu                    






products





kestrelmet 6000 weather stations
solar monitoring stations
mk-iii weather stations
agriculture products
rainwisenet web solutions




rain gauges
sensors
windlog data loggers
mk-iii replacement parts
 








solutions



agricultural weather systems
solar monitoring systems
industrial weather solutions
personal weather stations







about rainwise



about rainwise
company history
international rainwise dealers
why rainwise?
become a rainwise dealer
press releases
projects






support



product support
manuals and downloads
return & repair policy
warranty
repair request






contact

 





                        account                    


 






agricultural weather systems
precision and accuracy designed with the grower in mind

see the agromet series ⇾



solar monitoring systems
multi-functional, component-based pv efficiency monitoring

see the pvmet series ⇾



industrial weather systems
the most durable, accurate, & easy-to-install professional weather stations on the market

see the mk series ⇾



personal weather stations
professional grade tools to help you join the universal weather network

see pws package ⇾





a history of advancement
since 1974, rainwise has been manufacturing professional grade meteorological equipment for consumer, enterprise, and industrial applications. from our original product, the remote reading tipping bucket rain gauge , to developing the world's first digital weather station, to our advanced pv monitoring applications and the kestrelmet 6000 cellular weather station, rainwise continues to be a world leader in the instrument industry.
innovation to help you weather better
we are committed to manufacturing professional grade meteorological equipment that is accurate, reliable, and durable for consumer, enterprise, and industrial applications. our selection of more than 50 rain and temperature gauges, monitors, sensors, and related software are proudly made right here in the united states. at rainwise we strive to provide our clients not only with exceptional products, but with an exceptional customer experience.



innovation
customizable expansion, functions, & features



durability
built better to work harder and last longer



connection
advanced communication modules



support
the best customer service in the industry











have questions? we're ready to help!
let's find the right system for you




testimonials




when were "heading out the door" before daylight at my alabama/tennessee properties the rainwise takes the guesswork out of which duck blind or which stand we head for!hank williams, jr.
we have been using the mk-iii weather station with additional weather oracle displays in my home and cottage for years. the sensor array is very robust. in fact, the unit at our cottage has been in service for over 20 years!! we upgrade to newer instruments to get new capabilities over time.john gibbons cornell university 
when were "heading out the door" before daylight at my alabama/tennessee properties the rainwise takes the guesswork out of which duck blind or which stand we head for!hank williams, jr.
we have been using the mk-iii weather station with additional weather oracle displays in my home and cottage for years. the sensor array is very robust. in fact, the unit at our cottage has been in service for over 20 years!! we upgrade to newer instruments to get new capabilities over time.john gibbons cornell university 
























 












 







contact us



hoursmon-fri: 8am-4pm est










privacy policy | terms of service
© 2025 nielsen-kellerman co.

company


about rainwise
company history
why choose rainwise
international distributors
become a rainwise dealer
blog
live weather
patents & trademarks
press releases
compliance statements



customer service


support
shipping policy
contact
warranty
return & repair policy



shop now


agricultural weather systems
solar monitoring systems
industrial weather systems
personal weather stations


contact rainwise


contact rainwise


 





 

 

