    sunroom additions + screened porches: special additions           
                (843) 851-2303 specialadditionsinc@gmail.com    sunroomsscreen porchesother additionswindows by eze breezecustom garagespergolasfencesstorm shuttersepoxy flooringfree quotetestimonialsabout uscontact us select page custom sunroom additions, screen porches + moreexplore a new lifestyle with custom outdoor living spacessunrooms, screen porches, pergolas + more find your perfect special additionwe always beat the competitor's pricing on windowswe offer the lowest prices for sunroom and enclosed porch windows in the charleston area. our supplier guarantees it. request a free estimate since 1970more than 50 years experience: hire a trusted and local professionalare you envisioning an inviting oasis just outside your back door? at special additions, we’ve been serving the summerville area for so long that we understand the unique joys and challenges of enhancing a home’s outdoor area. whether you’re interested in a cozy sunroom addition to enjoy your morning coffee or a screened porch that lets you savor the evening without the pests, we’re here to help you realize that dream.we specialize in crafting elegant and functional outdoor living spaces tailored to sophisticated tastes and lifestyles. our offerings include custom-designed sunrooms, screened porches, elegant pergolas, custom garage additions and more, all designed to enhance your enjoyment of your home.with our commitment to excellence, we ensure a smooth and enjoyable transformation of your space, removing the usual hassles associated with home improvement. we hope you’ll allow us to help you create a beautiful and practical addition to your home, where quality craftsmanship and your complete satisfaction are always our top priorities. more about usafter repeated repairs on our porch screens through the years we discovered special additions. we now can use our porch 12 months a year regardless of temperatures. special additions are great to work with. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ google review - sally kredichour most popular home additions sunrooms screened porches eze-breeze vinyl windows custom garage additionstake a virtual tour of a sunroom additionimagine your family enjoying a quiet morning or an exciting get together any time of year with a fully enclosed sunroom addition at the back of your home.the sunroom you see here is utilizing the eze-breeze vinyl window system.  it offers protection from the rain, wind, pests and pollen while also allowing in the light at a fraction of the weight and cost of traditional windows.need a more practical reason for building a sunroom addition to your home?  sunrooms increase the value of your home by adding additional square footage. plus a two year labor warranty!your home is every bit as unique as you, and we can tailor-make any screened porch or sunroom addition to fit your particular design and need.any design you choose comes with a two-year warranty on labor. your comfort and trust are important to us, so we’ll repair any workmanship-related issue free-of-charge. this warranty is valid for every project we complete, so each addition comes with the long-term assurance that you’ll be taken care of. easy financing options request a quotewe’d love to know more about your dream home. whether it’s a new sunroom addition or a garage add-on, you can rest easy knowing our work is quick, hassle-free, and made to ordervisit our showroom on dorchester road in summerville, sc or contact us to request a free estimate. we can’t wait to talk to you about your custom project.schedule a free in-home estimate my screened in porch has the eze breeze system, which was installed 4 1/2 years ago. some of the panels had scratches so i needed the vinyl replaced. i contacted eric, brought the panels over on monday morning. the next day i was contacted that the vinyl was replaced and they would be able to reinstall my windows and also repair one screen that was torn. special additions gives prompt and courteous service. easy to work with. i would highly recommend special additions. mindy rizzo⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ google reviewthey were very courteous, and easy to work with. from day of measurement to installation was about 4 weeks. install was done on 1 day. back porch is 12’ x 18’. the door is really a good quality door. f dayne davis⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ google reviewspecial additions screened in my porch and did a great job. customer service is top tier. communication is 10/10, fair pricing, and request was filled in a timely manner! definitely this is who you’re looking for, for all your needs. eric the owner is the nicest down to earth person. 10/10 do recommend. marian h.⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ google review    get in touch10892 dorchester roadsummerville, sc 29485phone: (843) 851-2303 send a messagefollowfollowfollowwhy choose special additions?doing business in summerville since 1970licensed, bonded, and insureda+ rating on bbb and angie’s listmore than 4,000 home additions in the tri-county areatwo-year warranty on labor, plus the manufacturer's warrantytwo-year labor warranty on eze breeze, plus 10-year manufacturer's warrantyour service areaspecial additions inc. is located in summerville, south carolina and services the tri-county area.quick linksfinancing optionsview our brochurewarranty details + requests© 2024 special additions, inc. all rights reserved  
                       