




 


home - st. james town sailing club toronto










log in



























remember me
forgot password









 













home




about us



our club




our boats




our clubhouse




our social activities




our members







learn to sail



mentorship & old salts




course requirements & prerequisites



beginners (cansail 1&2)



preparing for your course



student sailing gear




student textbook




student meals







after your cansail 1&2







intermediate (cansail 3 & cansail 4)




laser training




catamaran sailing







student attendance policies




student conduct policies




course cancellation and refund policies




teach sailing







race




calendar




faqs




news/events



photo album







join us!




contact us













st james town sailing club

sailing lessons from downtown toronto with st. james town sailing club!  we are a cooperative, not-for-profit, community-run sailing club. sail all summer in toronto, without having to buy a boat!

j-town, as we call ourselves, is made up of over 200 sailors from many occupations and backgrounds: from students to retired bankers, lawyers to artists, and life-time torontonians to new immigrants. membership is available on a first-come, first-serve basis, and everyone 19 years or older is welcome.

toronto's sailing club
we're more than a sailing club: we are a community. j-town is what you want it to be. for some, it's a race training centre. for others, it's our weeknight hang out and summer cottage by the lake. for many, it's the place we tried sailing for the first time - and fell in love. it can be any of those things!
we are a community club. a place run by the members for the members, but many hands make work light! we have gourmet meals cooked by our members, a thriving race fleet, a lake front fire pit, all levels of sail and race training and many events for you to participate in.
learn to sail with us!
sailing lessons in downtown toronto without owning a boat at st james town sailing club! our members get certified lessons along with sailing all summer, and an active social calendar.  we fill up fast, so let us add some wind, water and fun to your summer!we offer affordable sailing lessons with sail canada-certified instructors. there are loads of opportunities for leisure sailing or racing once your course is complete.
already know how to sail? join and take an "old salt" sailing test to ensure unlimited access to our fleet! click here to join!
the boats
you don't need to buy a boat to sail every day! the club owns 28 sail boats, in three fleets, which you can take any time, with your membership. here you can sail any time, as much as you want.
your cottage by the lake
j-town members get unlimited access to not only club boats, but also our serene lakefront retreat. just minutes from the downtown core, but comfortably nestled away from the busy hustle and bustle of the city, on regatta road, we are toronto's best kept secret!










upcoming events



america/new_york
cats masts up

04 may 2025 1:00 pm


jtown



america/new_york
cats on cooch traveling regatta - champlain sailing club

07 jun 2025


champlain sailing club, 145 cedar island rd, orillia, on l3v 1s9, canada



america/new_york
ottawa skiff and cat grand prix regatta - nepean sc

07 jun 2025






america/new_york
intro to cats (clinic 1, summer 2025)

15 jun 2025 9:00 am


jtown





summer '24
membership is closed 2024 season.

membership renewals, new member registration, and course registrations will re-open in april 2025. please check back then if you are interested in joining j-town next year!


 


















































