


        
	        home
    





























marcia mitchell music







home

video

contact

reviews

about

press
























 































































get in touch



e-mail:bookings@marciamitchellmusic.com
phone:561.963.5056
main office: 515 n flagler dr, ste 350west palm beach, fl 33401ph: 561.963.5056 |  833.fla.bandfloridasbestband.com


we are also available to travel anywhere nice!
©2024-2025

our business hours are monday thru friday between 9:00 am and 5:00 pm est (excluding holidays). we will review your emailed inquiry and will respond to you immediately.   www.marciamitchellmusic.com | 561.963.5056












rave reviews



















01
unreal
having marcia mitchell music at your event is like guaranteeing that there will never be anyone sitting down for the night! i am always amazed how the band can pack a dance floor in 30 seconds or less. as an event planner, this is the best bonus i can offer!  
susan jaffe, wedding planner 


02
one for the ages!
"they came; they performed; and wow...did they ever capture and conquer cleveland like no other!!"

mmm traveled all the way from florida to perform at our superior beverage group centennial celebration last month in cleveland, oh and their performance was "off the charts" in every way imaginable!! their extraordinary talent, amazing voices, charismatic personalities, and engaging presence was by far the highlight of our evening! they far exceeded any expectations we had and as a result, the experience was "one for the ages!!" 
everyone was truly in awe of this magnificent band from the very minute they took the stage until the last note was played and we never wanted it to end!! marcia mitchell's voice left us mesmerized and captured our hearts in an instant! they were so much more than mere entertainment, mmm exuded class in every sense of the word and their interaction with our guests was so much fun and absolutely "priceless!" 
in closing, we highly recommend mmm as the perfect band for a once in a lifetime event or experience! we are still receiving endless compliments on marcia and the band and we will always cherish our unforgettable night spent with mmm! we are now and forever stalwart supporters and couldn't be any more pleased with our "mmm experience" as it was "simply the best ever"!! also, heartfelt thanks to lennis sabatino for orchestrating the evening with impeccable attention to detail and pure perfection!
these professionals are the "real deal" and if you haven't shared the "mmm experience," you're really missing out on one of the finer things in life!
  
carolyn shaffer 


03
best band you could ever hire!
wow!!!!! 3 weeks after our wedding and we and our guests are still talking about mmm. i hired them based off my planner’s suggestion and when she said “the dance floor will be packed all night,” she was 110% right. i was a little nervous at first being that i never saw or heard mmm but they have a reputation by word of mouth for a reason. they were absolutely fantastic. we had a string quartet during our ceremony and the 13 piece band for the reception. it was a dream. the entire band was so lively, excited, and personable. it almost felt like we were at a concert. marcia made it feel like such a personal experience and she has the sweetest, kindest soul. a band is a huge huge part of what makes a wedding really great and mmm knocked it out of the park! we’re so grateful to have the memories we have of our wedding, a huge part of which is, thanks to the band. thank you so very much, mmm. you all were un-freakin-believable!!!!! 
jaime rosen 


04
a m a z i n g!!!!!!!!
after having to move our wedding date 2x (thank you, covid!), we finally were able to have our big day a few weeks ago. the marcia mitchell band was originally recommended to us through our wedding coordinator. after looking online, we were able to see just a few clips of them in "action" but it wasn't like they were all over the internet to see. at first, this made us a little skeptical but after hearing our wedding coordinator rave about them and having a few calls with marcia mitchell herself, we just got that vibe and energy from talking with her that we were hooked and ended up hiring the band for our big day.

this band does not have to advertise themselves online, they are the real deal, and were simply awesome! every single guest, family, and friends came up to us and asked "where did you find this band?" they sounded like the original artists themselves for each song they sang, of course with their own sound and spin. 

marcia and the band doesn't need a set list from you to perform, they just need a little sampling of what you like and off they went live. it was like they just read the crowd and played based upon that energy! whether it was "shout," "uptown fun," "raise your glass," "24k magic," or bon jovi's "livin' on a prayer," they did each song just perfectly and everyone was on the dance floor. do yourself a favor, if you choose to have a band for your wedding or event, book this band! i went to thank marcia when our wedding was over and she said "thank you for trusting us." no marcia, thank you!! trust me, you won't be disappointed with this band!!! 
scott f 


05
amazing. amazing. amazing!
marcia is incredible - as a person, as a singer, and as the leader of the band!!! we booked marcia after a nightmare experience with another band (since we had to postpone our wedding due to covid). the other band had flashy videos online which attracted us to them, and i was hesitant at first because i couldn't find many videos of marcia's... and now i know why. everyone at her parties is too busy singing and dancing, they don't have time to take videos!!! marcia brought the best vibes and energy throughout our planning process and at the wedding itself!! the music was the most important element to my husband and i, and she made the day! thanks to covid, our wedding planning process was not easy and it was often sad, and every time we talked to marcia she made us smile and feel happy and excited for our wedding day! come wedding day, we had a live singer along with a few musicians for the ceremony and they were incredible. even though most of our guests were on zoom, many of them commented on the spectacular quality of music. my husband peeked out before the ceremony and literally had tears in his eyes from how beautifully they sang. for the party, even though we had 13 guests, it felt like we had 300. marcia and her crew really brought the party from beginning to end! we are so thankful that we have already booked them for the "real party" next year where we celebrate with our guests! thank you marcia!!! 
dara silverman 


06
brought the house down!!
wow!!! what a wicked band with unmatched energy, talent, kindness, and love! we had a small intimate wedding but once mmb got going, it felt like there was 100 people in the room and everyone was on their feet, dancing, sweating, laughing - it was beautiful and couldn't have been done without the delights of this band. i can't recommend them enough and we wouldn't change our reception in any way! big love to you all. thank you, thank you, thank you!
 
ella dobson
 
 
 
 
 
 
more reviews. click here> 
 


07
made our wedding day!! all positive a +++ vibes!
you will never have to worry! this band was detailed, thorough, timely, professional, full of energy, and made our reception a blast. they played the perfect songs so the dance floor was never empty! they were interactive and 'roamed' the dance floor getting guests to participate and sing with them. they also provided a saxophonist for our cocktail hour and tailored the music to our style (boyz ii men specifically!) which was a huge hit and we received raving reviews. we would absolutely recommend this band! they are extremely flexible and friendly. they listen and actually produce/provide exactly what you want, and not tell you 'what you think you'll want.' very accommodating! couldn’t express more how amazing this band is!!! i use them for all of my personal events needs and also recommend to my clients at your sparkling event. ðÿ’• guests were also raving that it was the best music/band they had heard. highly recommended and love them!!! 
jenna and ryan wittbold 


08
excellent experience! 
our clients hired marcia and the marcia mitchell band for their luxury penthouse wedding and mmb did not disappoint! they handled everything from ceremony and cocktail musicians to the live band for the reception. amazing entertainment provided by friendly, likable professionals. ladies and gentlemen, book with confidence! you will not be disappointed! 
brittany, wedding planner 


09
amazing night of dancing and fun! 
marcia is the sweetest and coolest person you'll ever meet. she gave us the most unforgettable night! we had so much fun ... thanks to the amazing music. everyone was dancing. what a party!!! our friends and family are still raving. here’s one text i got yesterday —

“the band was bananas awesome. best i’ve ever heard! a-maz-ing!! it was like having a band, show, and multiple entertainment directors all in one.”

we had very high expectations and marcia delivered more than we could have dreamed! thank you!!! 
katie yeakle 


10
the best band in south florida!! i had been to so many weddings and was never impressed so had a hard time commiting to a band to book for our wedding. luckily i attended an event just before i was about to book an ok band and got to hear marcia and her band play! i literally booked them within 24 hours of hearing them. the dance floor was packed. thank you marcia!
  
review on theknot.com 


11
mmb will exceed your expectations! 
wow! mmb did not disappoint! what an amazing band was assembled for the reception! the dance floor was packed from the first set on. it was exactly what we envisioned. marcia was attentive to our ideas from day one. lennis made it all run smoothly and right on schedule. i am still amazed that we got it all in and it looked effortless, which we all know it never is, but this is the mark of true professionals. they are not only very talented musicians, but working with them is also a pleasure. i can’t praise the band and the entire experience enough!  
rebecca isiminger 


12
simply amazing
marcia is professional, caring, and simply amazing to work with. she and her team can really read a crowd and know exactly what to perform and when. they get everyone up and dancing and even come to the dance floor to add excitement in the crowd. i have seen them perform at numerous events and will never stop recommending them. they are second-to-none in every aspect! 
marion, wedding planner 


13
best dance band ever!
from the moment of our initial contact with marcia, it was a joy. her professionalism, responsiveness, and enthusiasm made this part of wedding planning really fun. after the wedding, our guests and family commented that the dance floor was always full... the sign of great party! we highly recommend the extremely talented marcia mitchell band.they are high energy, multi-talented, and delightful to work with!
 
 
douglas brown
 
 
 
 
 
 
more reviews. click here>
  
 


14
ahhhhhhmazing!
our experience with mmm was nothing but amazing! she recommended dj damon for our event and he was so great. so were the musicians who joined him. we did not want a singer so marcia recommended her fusion band which included a dj and 3 instruments that emphasize the music. it was the perfect entertainment for our group of 185! the dance floor was packed the entire time!! if we could go back and do it again, we will still pick mmm! 
amanda iapicco 


15
outstanding band
they were amazing and exceeded all expectations. people would have kept dancing as long as they played! 
ann tighe 


16
the marcia mitchell band is the most fabulous band in all of fla. we had a destination wedding arriving from nyc and all my guests agreed that they have never heard such a magnificent band. everyone in the band interacted with my guests and they loved them. go for it. you will not be disappointed. 
rosemary porter 


17
my daughter's wedding was almost 2 weeks ago. i want to make sure that whoever reads this knows that this band, with marcia at the helm, is just fantastic! i can't count how many of my 225 guests made a point to say how amazing the band was. the dancing never stopped!  marcia's enthusiasm is contagious. i can't recommend her and her band enough--you will not regret your choice! 
gail 


18
forget the venue, forget the flowers, this is the band you want/need. make your budget work in order to have them. the music was phenomenal!! 3 weeks later and that is all my guests are talking about. marcia mitchell band brought the house down. the dance floor was packed the entire night! the music never stopped, the vocals were spot on, the bass player was incredible!! debates occurred the next morning as to which musician was the best. our grandfather argued that the drummer was incredible, my husband loved the bass and keyboards, a friend felt the guitarist was by far the best, but everyone was in agreement that the vocals made the night. i can’t begin to describe just how fantastic the music was. 
janine 


19
from the moment the doors opened they were in “high energy mode” and they never left it. the band was able to deal with any hiccups that presented themselves including a delay on our part during the introductions. even when we were supposed to be seated to eat we were up and dancing. incredible. i never sat down the entire night we just danced the night away! any request that was made they were able to fulfill. marcia was so available and willing to meet with us. she eased my mom’s concern regarding music genres for all those invited from our 89 year old grandfather to our 16 year old cousins. the band was often captured by the photographer dancing with our guests as they played on the dance floor. they played everything from the hora, to usher, to nat king cole!
 
janine (continued)...
 
more reviews. click here> 
 


20
marcia mitchell music was the best band we could have asked for our wedding. the music was perfect (we let marcia pick the songs) and all of the guests were dancing the entire time. marcia and her team knew how to read the crowd and played the biggest hits and top songs flawlessly. if you are having a wedding in the miami area, there is only one band to book - book marcia mitchell and her team. our guests are still raving about our band at the wedding.  
bob & jaime 


21
marcia and the entire band were better than amazing! not only did my entire family rave about them, but the entire party has been talking about the incredible job they did since the wedding, almost 2 weeks ago! they do a surreal job in keeping everyone having the best time and it is nearly impossible not to have the most amazing night with them! i can't say enough positive things about marcia and the band from meeting to the wedding. it was a fantastic experience! 
sami & kyle 


22
top notch!! this band kept the party rocking all night and everyone from my 7 year old flower girl to my 97 year old grandma enjoyed themselves!! amazing sound and great energy. they even acted as the announcer/mc for the night. so happy they were able to perform at our wedding, what a wonderful memory for my husband and i!!! 
monica b 


23
marcia,  how are things going with you? it’s so hot down here this time of year, i can’t imagine that you are doing any outdoor weddings, but i’m sure you’re busy with your own music and other events.  speaking of hot weddings, i honestly cannot thank you enough for everything with our wedding. like i said earlier, i’ve been meaning to write you with my thanks. i knew when we met for dinner in boca that you guys would be fantastic and that it would be one less thing off of our plates on the wedding day. thank you! 
steve & kelly 


24
the consensus among everyone i spoke to, during and after the wedding, up until now, was “my god, that band was incredible!” or “that band made the entire wedding!”. but i’d say the compliment that meant the most to me was from my aunt ammy (i know you guys perform sometimes multiple times per week, so it might be hard for you to remember, but she was the 60-ish woman dancing like a crazy person for the entire time, definitely in a leopard-print leotard like many others at our wedding). aunt ammy is a very successful business woman, has lived abroad/traveled around the world her entire life, comes from a very musical family, and loves to dance! 
steve & kelly (continued pt 2) 


25
she has a life’s worth of experiences that one could only hope to duplicate. anyway, she came up to me the next day at the hotel and said “steve, i’ve done a lot of fun things in my life, but not only was that the most fun wedding i’ve ever been to, but it was in the top 5 days of my life.” what a compliment that kelly and i could throw a party that would elicit a response like that! that is no doubt due in large part to you and your band. i’m pretty sure i saw people dancing while you guys were warming up!
 
steve & kelly (continued pt 3)
 
 
 
 
 
 
more reviews. click here> 
 


26
somehow, you guys exceeded not only my expectations, but also my friends and family’s expectations (and they were high…i had told so many people in the lead-up to our wedding that the band would be the best band they’d ever heard at a wedding before). it couldn’t have been an easy day to perform, with the afternoon rain, heat, outdoor venue, etc, but your band was so seamless, had a sound that was so infectious, and you yourself were so effortless as mc that i can do nothing more than to thank you a million times over and recommend any and everyone i know that is getting married or having an event to hire you. with the most gratitude, again, steve and kelly. 
steve & kelly (continued pt 4) 


27
i would highly recommend marcia for anyone that wants to have a fun time. she has an amazing ability to light up the room and make sure everyone is on the dance floor. her repertoire of songs is extremely vast. the entire band brings something valuable to the experience, all extremely talented. 
lauren lovecchio 


28
marcia was one of the nicest, most accommodating vendors we worked with. we had multiple conversations leading up to the wedding and she not only listened, she provided insight and suggestions, and was truly a pleasure to work with. i actually miss talking to her because she was that lovely. she is genuinely excited for each of her brides and will hold your hand every step of the way if you need it ( which i did) in curating a perfect evening of music for your wedding. i wanted a mix of old and new and she did that perfectly. for people who want to cater to all of their guests, marcia is your girl. she does old and new really, really well and brings an energy that people will be talking about for years to come. she is not your typical south florida edm wedding band- she is a class act! 
brooke s 















about

















about us

meet our flagship band, "mmb"
labeled "florida's best kept secret,"  this 10 to 13 piece "celebrity band," "mmb," is well known for it's high-energy, "concert-style" performances. mmb's unparalleled sound is all the rage, and their shows, to say the least, are electrifying!
mmb is a chosen favorite amongst the "stars!"  the nba, nfl, hollywood actors, the rich and famous, record labels, and the world's hardest partying "rock star" brides and grooms love this band!
this well-known "opening act" is complete with hot male & female vocalists, keyboard(s), drums, bass, guitar, and a fabulous horn section. their repertoire is extensive as it includes a variety of music including standards, smooth jazz, top 40's, motown, 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's, rock, r&b, funk, hip hop, some latin, and most definitely, today’s hot dance hits! 
performing nothing but the best of the best in high-energy dance music… but with a "twist."  this is their trademark.














×

 marcia mitchell music

































all rights reserved © 2025











×




























