



la crosse tent and awning; tent rentals, event decoration rentals, dinner service rentals, commercial awnings and residental awnings for minnesota, wisconsin and iowa
































home
tents & repairs

tent washing
pole tents
frame tents
sidewall tents
repairs


awnings

commercial awnings
residential awnings


special day rentals

tables
chairs
china, flatware
glassware
beverage service
beverage fountain
chocolate fountain
napkins
stage & podium
flooring
the extras

photo gallery
pricing & info

rental terms
printable price sheet

order form contacts



 la crosse tent & awning, inc.

















for that special event, celebration, wedding, or corporate function, begin your plans with la crosse tent & awning



 
 
 



la crosse tent and awning has been making it possible for people to gather, celebrate, or commemorate for over 150 years. whether it's a wedding, a corporate event, a funeral, an anniversary, or anything else where people gather either indoors or especially outdoors, 
               	    la crosse tent and awning is western wisconsin's first choice for event rentals of all kinds.
your "one stop shop" for everything for your event
from tents (of course!) to dance floors and staging, from dinner service for up to 1,000 or more, decorations or chocolate fountains to entertain and delight guests, la crosse tent and awning has virtually everything you can imagine to make your event a special memory.
awnings that make a statement
for commercial and residential customers, our awnings are wthout question the best value and the highest quality. we can create exactly what you need that is not only functional in terms of energy savings, but a beautiful addition to your home or your business.
we invite you to explore your options right here, and let us know what you are interested in. we will be pleased to provide you with an estimate of cost, along with the service you may require to make your event truly special.
read more about tents
read more about party rentals
read more about awnings and canopies 




la crosse tent and awning
       	    products, services and rentals

tents and tent decor
tent washing
rental services
decorations
tables and linens
dinnerware
beverage service
stage and flooring
heating, gas grill, light and power
commercial awnings
residential awnings
no obligation estimate
contact us








la crosse tent and awning: your place in the shade, 
            and your special event headquarters


tents


from weddings to corporate events and celebrations, whatever the occasion, 
            la crosse tent & awning has the regions' largest variety of tents in practically any size imaginable.
read more 

event accessories


whether it's chairs, tables, linens, dinnerware, beverage service, even chocolate fountains, la crosse tent & awning has everything you require to make your special event truly special.
read more 

awnings


commercial or residental awnings, 
          la crosse tent & awning can help you make a beautiful statement, and  will literally pay for itself in energy savings.

read more


decorations


take your event and make it truly memorable. whether it's a white lattice arbor for your wedding, a red carpet for guests, or 4 globe lamp posts to light the night, la crosse tent & awning makes your event truly special.
            read more 





home  tents  tent washing  tables  chairs  dinnerware  beverage service  decorations  heating & light

 stages and flooring  chocolate fountains  commercial awnings  residential awnings  contact us
 la crosse tent & awning â© 2014  |  privacy policy 
          



