















adult undergraduate college | bethel university














skip to main content








close




about
admissions & aid
undergrad
graduate
adult undergrad
seminary
early college & pseo


academics
undergrad
graduate
adult undergrad
seminary
online


student life
athletics
faith





mybethel
offices
news
events
blog




apply
visit
give


search
search icon

















menu





adult undergrad

home
programs
catalog
admissions
tuition & aid
advising & support





















unlock your potential.
bethel's college of adult & professional studies offers flexible, supportive programs designed to fit your life—and reach your goals.
apply today
















top 10 for affordability
bethel's online programs are ranked as one of the top 10 most affordable online colleges nationwide by college consensus.
apply now
















learning that fits your life
at bethel, we believe you deserve the chance to continue your education. with flexible programs, you can advance your career and transform your future.
start your application




















































contact us













request info




















visit


























apply













majors and programs
earn a degree that fits your life
bethel’s flexible programs are designed for adults balancing work, family, and life. you’ll grow personally and professionally, equipping you to advance your career and make a meaningful impact in your workplace, community, and beyond.
find your program














attend an info session

see yourself at bethel—join us for one of our in-person or virtual events!see all eventsmore events









accessible education
tuition and financial aid
you’re eligible for financial aid! from scholarships and grants to loans, we’ll help you explore options so finances don’t hold you back from achieving your goals.
you’ll find clear steps and a clear financial aid process to help you focus on what really matters—your education and your future.
learn more about financial aid











our approach




a supportive community
at bethel, we’re dedicated to helping you reach your goals. you’ll find a robust support network, including advisors to help you plan your courses, career coaches to guide you toward your professional goals, and tutors to strengthen your skills. with access to tools like study help, academic counseling, and skill-building sessions, you’ll grow academically and personally—and find opportunities to explore and develop your faith with the guidance of our campus ministries team. at bethel, you’ll find the support you need to thrive—in your studies, your career, and your spiritual journey.











convenient options
at bethel, most of our programs are fully online, giving you the flexibility to earn your degree while balancing work, family, and community commitments. with thoughtfully designed schedules and accessible online formats, you can manage assignments and coursework on your terms—all while pursuing your goals.











get started







justin aadlandfind your counselor







 

apply today
you belong at bethel. if you're ready to see who you could become, start your free application today.
start your application

 










information for

prospective students
current students
alumni
parents & families
faculty & staff
churches
military






bethel university

3900 bethel drive
st. paul, mn 55112


location
location icon

maps & directions


651.638.6400




facebook
facebook icon







x
x icon





instagram
instagram icon





linkedin
linkedin icon





youtube
youtube icon





vimeo
vimeo icon





tiktok
tiktok icon







resources

jobs at bethel
calendar
library
questions & comments
title ix concerns
course catalogs

support bethel






© 2025 bethel university | ca student disclosures | privacy policy
the official policy and commitment of bethel university is not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national or ethnic origin, age, gender, or disability in its educational programs, admissions, or employment practices.










