













islip chamber of commerce















islipchamberofcommerce.com













islip chamber of commerce circa 2005-2012

this was the former site for the islip chamber of commerce.
content is from the site's archived pages providing a glimpse of what this site offered..

the current website for the islip chamber of commerce is found at: https://islipchamberofcommerce.org/.

 
welcome

the islip chamber of commerce, founded in 1924, is dedicated to making our hamlet a better place in which to live and work.
today, the islip chamber of commerce, inc. has a paid membership of numerous businesses and concerned residents, an extensive mailing list, and is the most active civic organization in the town of islip.
 
about the islip chamber of commerce
the islip chamber of commerce is a volunteer organization founded in 1924, representing the businesses and community of islip hamlet. through beautification, promotion and community activity the chamber strives to improve the hamlet in which we work and live.
general membership meetings
2nd tuesday of the month - all are welcome!
for more information, questions, or to receive a membership application, please contact the chamber at (631) 581-2720 or mail us at:
islip chamber of commerce, inc.
p.o. box 112
islip, new york 11751
 


 
history of the islip chamber of commerce
the islip chamber of commerce was formed in 1923 by a small group of businessmen with vision who foresaw a small country village growing into a populous hamlet of the town of islip with attendant complex problems. the chamber was incorporated in 1957.
today, the islip chamber of commerce, inc. has a paid membership of 160 businesses and concerned residents; a mailing list of 300; and is the most active civic organization in the town of islip.
the present constitution and by-laws of the islip chamber of commerce, inc. was adopted in 1959. the object of the chamber, as set forth therein is as follows:
"the object of the chamber of commerce, inc. shall be to promote and encourage public improvements and commerce; support industry; adjust disputes relative to trade, transportation and navigation; aid in procuring such laws and regulations as may be found necessary for the benefit of trade in general; to foster the interest of those engaged in or having a common trade, business, financial or professional interest; to secure freedom from unjust and unlawful exactions; to diffuse accurate information as to the standing of merchants and other matters; to procure a uniformity and certainty in the customs and usages of trade and commerce; t o settle differences between its member and to promote a more enlarged and friendly intercourse among its members. to recommend and aid in procuring just and suitable laws, ordinances and enactments, roads, sewerages, draining, transportation, finance, taxation, law and order, education and any other beneficial purposes; to foster an increase in population and shall deem to be advantageous to the community and to aid in securing adequate laws and equal enforcement for the benefit of all. the chamber in its actions shall be non-partisan and non-sectarian and shall take no part in nor lend its influence to the election or appointment of any candidate for political office."
in pursuance of its constitution and by-laws, the officers and twelve directors hold regular and special meetings and general meeting of the membership. in addition, the chamber holds at least two social events during the year. the chamber has twelve actively working committees which are beautification; membership; publicity; town affairs; education; merchants; program; attendance; entertainment: public relations; budget; harbor; and the islip town chamber of commerce.
the chamber has a proud record of civic endeavor and outstanding achievements in the village and town of islip. a summary of some of the goals reached over the years is as follows: the service road off of union avenue behind associated supermarket; the parking lot on smith avenue near the islip fire department and islip theatre; the old field property parking lot on grant avenue with service road to locust avenue; the old raynor property parking lot and service road on locust avenue; the old macy property on main street east of town hall for future expansion; the expansion of town hall and recommendation for keeping colonial motif; the new long island railroad station and landscaping and parking lot improvement; the addition of industrial zoned land in our school district for a added assessment; improvements of islip bathing beach; improved parking; improvement of garbage collection in our business district; obtaining re-assessment of business property in business area to help small firms; serving as watch dog on zoning and other town actions for benefit of taxpayers; obtaining new post office for hamlet; obtaining and preservation of memorial park in the village; working with islip school authorities for betterment of the community; recommending and cooperating with islip town government for village and town improvements; serving as an active civic improvement organization by working with other organizations in the village and town; and proposing and forming the town of islip chamber of commerce comprising all the chambers in the town.
the chamber's immediate goals are more police protection; unified zoning laws in the town; completion of long sought offstreet parking project and access roads in the village main street area to the north; additional offstreet parking areas; a walkway from main street to village offstreet parking; additional landscaping of the lirr station property; repair of sidewalks in the business section; additional zoning for light industry; location of multiple dwellings and senior citizen apartments adjacent to local business areas to promote main street business vis-à-vis large shopping areas; and many more.
(written may 3, 1997)
 


 
the islip chamber of commerce, then and now - 1924 - 1984
by richard b. johnson, board of directors
(in assembling the above data i have had great help from good friends at the town hall, our school system, the library, the fire department, southside hospital and mr. carl starace, historian.)
on june 17, 1924 we, the islip chamber of commerce, were born…..from the islip business men's association (ibma). from ibma we inherited $97.64 (their treasury). we've been solvent ever since. originally we were 16 members strong. now we average 117 members annually. early meetings were hosted by various member in there homes or places of business. now we have an attractive office in the center of town. for the past 60 years we have been continually involved in activities bettering out cherished hamlet as a good place in which to live and work. we have helped to bring about improvements of many kinds (listed elsewhere). we have resisted attempts to exploit our community for selfish, private gain. we will continue to use our leverage in the interest of our thriving and lovely community.
when we started (1924) our hamlet population was 2300. now it is over 10,000. our newspaper was the islip press. then our "new school" on main street was 3 years old. it housed all grades (k to 12). there were 37 classroom teachers, now 192. then the average salary of teachers was $1300. a teacher who married lost her job. there were 16 graduates in 1924….this year we expect 801. our "new school" now is town hall west. separate jhs and shs plants, plus 3 elementary schools, now handle 3180 students. then, our islip airport, which we helped establish, was one year old. amelia earhart and clarence chamberlain participated in the dedication. we had our own water plant. merrick road/main street was the principle route to new york city. we had a ford agency. the a&p, bohacks and butlers stores (now gone) supplied our groceries. the half shell (now seascape) and the viking (still with us) supplied diversion. our churches were episcopal, presbyterian, methodist and lutheran. each still is going strong. service organization included the masons, rotary and lions. many of their members were also active in the chamber.
in 1924 law enforcement was adequately handled by 3 men: two constables (one on a motorcycle) and justice of the peace john kube (who also was superintendent on the peters estate). our lockup was in bay shore. a postage stamp was 3c, a postal card 1c, a phone call 5c. our outstanding fire department organized a fire patrol, bringing its strength to four companies. we got our first aerial ladder truck. our library was a room on the ground floor of the school. its budget was $2,288. this year a budget of $588,098 passed the annual vote easily, giving us one of the best equipped, multi-service units on the island. our excellent southside hospital, then one year old, had 50 beds. it now has 493. in 1924 they had 829 patients; last year 21,153.
main street in 1924 boasted, among other enterprises, the orowoc hotel, mr. holmes' blacksmith shop, fritz kort's bakery, doc allen's pharmacy, joe moore's insurance agency, art overton's funeral parlor, dr. lou garben's office-in-his-house, the first national band of islip, carl brown's tinsmith shop, frank saladino's barber shop and the campus shop, next to the school, which was a popular social center. steam engines hauled lirr trains. an unrestricted monthly ticket cost $16. then, we had about 230 commuters to the city; today over 1000. large estates existed south of main street: dick, peters, havemeyer, atwood, others. an important part of our hamlet's economic base derived from these estates (taxes, purchases, employment). in 1924 the havemeyers donated 5 of their acres on the bay to what became (with our help) our town beach.
in short, the 60 years of our chamber's existence has seen our hamlet (indigenous to our school district) grow in population, wealth, diversity and charm. we are proud to have had a part in this evolution, and we look forward to a continuation of involvement in activities designed "to make the islip hamlet a better place in which to live and work".
 


 
an aside: membership brings credibility to a business. businesses can increase positive perception among consumers and business owners when identified as a member of a chamber of commerce. membership can also increase a business's visibility in the community. a business' also can grow their business by advertising with the chamber and sponsoring events. example: when the company, room service 360°, i work for was considering opening a furniture store in islip, they contacted the islip chamber of commerce as well as spoke to other businesses in the area. as a modern italian furniture store, they are an authorized dealer of the most respected italian furniture designers and manufacturers such as bonaldo, cattelan italia, fiam italia, foscarini, gamma arredamenti, pianca, presotto italia, tonelli and tonin casa. with the main store located in philadelphia, the owners of room service 360° seriously considered islip. but the financial crisis of 2007–2008 put a halt to those expansion plans. in the meantime, islip continues to develop with the help of the islip chamber of commerce. perhaps room service 360° will eventually reconsider and open a second store in nys.
~~~
comment: my parents lived in islip for a number of years. when my father was going through a rough time emotionally and he started binge drinking i now know in hindsight that she probably desparately searched for some local support. at the time her options to find ways to stop drinking were quite limited. she had her priest and family doctor to speak with. although i was young at the time, i do remember my father went away for about 6 months. and then again and then again. today there are way many more options for folks dealing with the excessive drinking of a love one. there are new drugs on the market ranging from naltrexone, and disulfiram, to baclofen. although the 12 step abstinance free programs like aa are still around along with rehab centers, newer treatments from the privacy of one's home are also now available via the computer or apps for your phone. one site offering such help is lifebac. on their site they state they are not a rehab or treatment clinic, but a collection of modern, science-based tools to empower people to avoid the downward spiral that excessive drinking inevitably leads to. my understanding is that their program uses pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy. the prescriptions arrive by mail and appointments and other support is all done online. pretty incredible. of course back in the day, there were no computers so that wouldn't have been an option for either my mother or father. today it's easy to get online, do a search, and find answers at your finger tips. for those of us who grew up with computers, it's hard to imagine what life was without them. this site certainly didn't exist even fiftenn years ago!
 


 
2004 articles
islip chamber installs board, mulls parking
by mike ebert - islip bulletin, february 5, 2004

islip vowing to alleviate downtown parking shortages and boost area aesthetics, the islip chamber of commerce added seven new members to its board of directors earlier this week during the group's 2004 installation dinner.
the yearly event, which was held at the gatsby restaurant located across from islip town hall on tuesday evening, drew about 30 members to welcome their new board and discuss various town improvement projects. founded in 1924, the 160-member organization is comprised entirely of volunteers and is intended to represent the businesses and community of islip.
"i've only lived in islip a year, and i've felt a great companionship as part of the chamber," said john corcacas, who was formally installed as vice president. "i believe this organization helps us get things done for the community."
according to corcacas and other members, the main problem that the chamber is presently tackling concerns the need for more parking on islip's main street. specifically, attending members argued that residents of locustwood green senior complex, located between locust and grant avenues, are using about 15 parking spaces that should be available to adjacent businesses.
"every merchant is complaining that their customers have no place to park," said corcacas, who owns islip-based, netweb consultants, inc.

echoing corcacas' sentiments was president harvey allen and member lori zegel, who were also among the chamber's newly-installed directors. while allen noted that the chamber is working with the islip town board to resolve this issue, zegel stressed that the parking situation in general is a very serious problem.
"in order for the businesses to increase their success, the number of parking spaces must increase, said zegel, who owns nook & cranny collectibles and is also a member of the islip historical society.
in addition to the parking concerns, members also briefly discussed the chamber's role in suffolk county's $4 million acquisition on the 69-acre waterfront scully estate, which had been owned by the national audubon society for 25 years. in december, the suffolk county legislature voted to buy the islip property with plans to maintain its wetlands and have an existing building used for a nature center.
"we supported the issue along with other community groups and made it clear that we wanted the estate purchased," said allen, noting that the land has 20 acres of wetlands, several barns and a three-story house built in 1919.
other islip issues pinpointed by members included the erection of town banners, snow removal and increased membership for the chamber, among other things.
"the more members we add, the more power we have to accomplish projects," said corcacas. "specifically, we are looking for someone that can help obtain grants. right now, our street festival is our primary means of raising money."
according to allen, the annual street fair, which is slated for may 2, raises about $12,000 to $15,000 that is then used to fund various town projects. in addition, member fran koltun noted that several chamber businesses are also sponsoring a new sweepstakes called "cordially yours," which will help expand the chamber's network and see a lucky bridal couple receive half-price off all their wedding expenses.
along with corcacas, allen and zegel, other members installed to the chamber's board of directors included secretary anna maria abrams, treasurer, veronica magione, eric buehler and stephen lee.
 


 
news and events various years

+++2012+++
 











march general membership meeting




posted sunday, february 19, 2012 by chamber




please join us for our march general membership meeting-
						islip middle school library
						tuesday, march 13th
						7pm
						for more information call 581-2720










general membership meeting




posted wednesday, february 8, 2012 by chamber




please join us for our next meeting
***************please note date change*****************
wednesday, february 15th
7pm islip middle school library
						for more information 581-2720










general membership meeting




posted thursday, january 12, 2012 by chamber




please join us for our next general membership meeting february 14, 2012 7pm in the islip middle school library.

						for more information call 581-2720









 
+++2010+++










 



posted thursday, april 15, 2010 by chamber




the 12th annual islip main street festival is scheduled for sunday may 30, 2010. non chamber members can go to www.clearviewfestival.com to obtain their application. for information call (631) 581-2720









 



posted monday, february 1, 2010 by admin




our next general meeting will be on tuesday february 9th at 7:00 pm at the islip middle school library. representatives will be on hand from a variety of organizations to talk about the summer programs for kids k-17 years old that are available.









 
+++2009+++










 



posted thursday, april 15, 2010 by chamber




the 12th annual islip main street festival is scheduled for sunday may 30, 2010. non chamber members can go to www.clearviewfestival.com to obtain their application. for information call (631) 581-2720









 



posted monday, february 1, 2010 by admin




our next general meeting will be on tuesday february 9th at 7:00 pm at the islip middle school library. representatives will be on hand from a variety of organizations to talk about the summer programs for kids k-17 years old that are available.








 

+++2008+++




chamber meeting highlights - january 2008




posted thursday, january 17, 2008 by tom




our meeting featured a swearing in ceremony for new board members and officers. suffolk county legislator cameron alden administered the oath to new board members, roseann desantis and angela parisi, as well as returning member, geogeanna von hassel. officers sworn in were president tom cilmi, vice president lori zegel, treasurer carmela carmen and secretary florian reyder.

			guest speakers included waldo cabrera of islip.tv, a video-based internet news site focusing on all of the positive news in islip; and islip councilman steve flotteron, who discussed the progress of the maple street dock project.

			the meeting finished with a presentation of the chamber's ten business development initiatives for 2008. among them are a grant program for storefront improvements; special discount advertising rates for members; advertising subsidies; and a keep islip clean awards program designed to reward businesses which maintain exemplary exteriors. for more information on these business development initiatives, call the chamber office at 631-581-2720.




 

 






next general meeting




posted wednesday, january 2, 2008 by admin




next general meeting
			tuesday, february 12th, 2008 @ 7pm
			islip middle school library

			the board meeting will be on the same day
			@ 8:30am at the bayberry cafe.




 

 



islip chamber of commerce sets records!!!!


posted wednesday, june 4, 2008 by tom


the islip chamber of commerce is please to announce two records broken:

			with 227 members, we have more member than ever before!

			with 61 resident members, we have nearly twice the number of resident members as ever.

			thank you for your support. help us reach our goal of 300 members by the end of the year. tell a friend.
			 



 

 



spotlight for april on little shop of shamrocks


posted sunday, april 20, 2008 by tom



check another business development initiative off the list! one of those initiatives is a monthly spotlight of a chamber business member on islip.tv. well, we have our first spotlight currently running. click on the link below to view a video featuring linda low and the little shop of shamrocks.

			you could be our featured business in may! just send an email to - info@islipchamberofcommerce.com explaining why you think you deserve the spotlight for may. you may include any special promotions you may be having, or maybe it's your store's anniversary, or maybe you've hit a sales milestone...maybe you just offer a unique product or service that you want to show off. we will select a winner from all the entries. once made (at no cost to you!) the video will be active forever and accessible on islip.tv. this is a montly promotion so if you don't win in may, you can re-submit for june. this amounts to free advertising that's even better than a television commercial because it can be viewed at any time by literally hundreds of thousands of potential customers...a benefit worth thousands of dollars, brought to you absolutely free of charge as just one of the benefits to chamber members.

			so sit back and enjoy this short video and start planning for yours. our very special thanks to waldo cabrera, owner of islip.tv for his help with this. should you have questions about advertising on islip.tv (outside the bounds of this chamber benefit), you can reach waldo at wcabrera@islip.tv.
 




 

 



tom cilmi attends alternative energy symposium


posted sunday, april 20, 2008 by tom


on friday, april 18, chamber president tom cilmi attended an alternative energy symposium presented at dowling college. the conference featured congressman steve israel with distinguished guests from lipa, dowling college, the usgbc and new york state.

			discussion focused on the need for the continual development and utilization of technologies and programs that promote the use of alternative energies, such as solar, wind, etc.

			afterwards, president cilmi had this to say. "it's great to see that we're engaging in this discussion. as congressman israel pointed out, our dependence on foreign oil supplies is absolutely a threat to our national defense. not only that, but we must look for cleaner ways to drive our economy. so the discussion is a good first step, however, more attention needs to be paid to the greatest obstacle to investment in innovative new technologies and to entrepreneurship which is sorely needed in this realm...that is to say, the high tax rates and over-regulation of businesses here on long island. congressman israel suggested that a new national agency could address this problem. it is clear, however, that the answers do not lie within the walls of bureaucracy, but rather in the open waters of entrepreneurialism."
			 



 

 



islip main street street festival



posted monday, march 24, 2008 by tom



thanks for all of the interest in the islip main street festival. this year's festival will be held on sunday, may 4. if you are a vendor who resides within the hamlet of islip (11751 zipcode) or you are a member of the islip chamber of commerce, an application should be posted to this website shortly.

			if you are not a member of the chamber and do not reside in the hamlet of islip, please go to www.clearviewfestival.com. thank you.




 



april 8 program focusing on identity theft


posted friday, march 21, 2008 by tom


identity theft awareness presentation

			“people whose identities have been stolen can spend months or years -
			and thousand of dollars - cleaning up the mess the thieves have made
			of their good name and credit score”
			-federal trade commission: when bad things happen to
			your good name, september 2002

			it’s no secret: identity theft is a major problem in america?
			think you’re not at risk? unfortunately you are.

			• do you hand your credit card to servers at restaurants, hotels, gas stations?
			• do you supply personal information over the internet, on loan applications, college forms?
			• do you keep you social security number in your wallet or purse?
			• do you leave mail at your home or business for the postal carrier to collect?
			• do you shred unwanted mail with personal information?
			• do other people ever run your credit report for credit cards, mortgages, loans?
			• can you be sure data security is good at companies (doctors’ offices, schools, insurance companies, credit unions, credit card companies) that have your information?

			certified identity theft risk management specialist julius nicoletti will be presenting the:

			5 areas of identity theft
			the most common myths of identity theft
			steps you need to take immediately to decrease your risk and protect yourself
			federal trade commission statistics

			tuesday, april 8, 2008
			7:00 pm

			islip middle school library
			211 main street
			islip, ny 11751






islipchamberofcommerce.com












