


arc flash hazard analysis, custom label printing services | electric arc



















 











homefront page
software & appsfault current & arc flash


short circuit fault current calc
arc flash analysis & labeling software

dc arc flash software
calculation examples
reference data
arc flash terminology
frequently asked questions


storesafety supplies


workplace safety labels & signs
fire safety labels & signs
facility labels & signs
arc flash safety posters
arc flash & fault current calculations software
arc flash printers


serviceslabel design & printing


customized design & generation
label printing
price match guarantee
request quote


supportproduct assistance


frequently asked questions
webinars
technical support
request quote


companyarcad inc.


terms and conditions
contact us
testimonials
resellers
request quote
newsletters
advertize with us
industry links
site map











 





universal ieee 1584-2018 based arc flash hazard analysis web application







short circuit analyticcomprehensive short circuit fault current calculations software and mobile apps







fancy product design & customized signswrite and edit your label by selecting background, adding your text and images.







arc flash analytic software & mobile apps for meeting osha, nfpa 70e, csa z462 regulations







label printing servicesstandard and custom label printing services







company profile






									by providing on-line and pc based software for short circuit fault current and arc flash hazard analysis, arcad inc. helps create a safer working environment for individuals who service electrical systems. arcad service includes online resources, software programs and mobile apps that allow electricians, contractors, engineers, facility managers to perform fault current calculations, determine incident energy, arc flash protection boundary, level of personal protection equipment (ppe), and to create customized arc flash warning labels meeting osha, nfpa 70e, csa z462 regulations and code requirements.
									

									arcad is manufacturing high-quality, dependable workplace, fire safety, facility signs and posters you can trust to keep employees and work sites safe. we offer standard materials and sizes, and an easy to use online shopping experience. search by keyword, part number or category to find exactly what you need to help keep your workers safe and your workplace compliant with safety regulations. shop our store, or simply contact us, we are happy helping you meeting your needs. can’t find what you need? it is easy to design and order custom stickers and labels. we will manufacture to your specifications at our manufacturing facility. arcad inc. is also offering many options of custom printed arc flash labels.
									







featured arc flash articles











evaluation of onset to second degree burn energy in arc flash

use of incident energy as a measure of burn severity in arc flash calculations.










behavior of apparel fabrics during convective and radiant heating

personal protective equipment recommended for arc flash is not always designed for arc flash exposure.










single-phase arc flash calculations

the paper proposes a comprehensive method for addressing 1φ arc flash calculations that may be considered at least until an official standard for single-phase arc flash calculations has been released. 









short circuit calculations











mva method for short circuit analysis

mva method is used by separating the circuit into components and calculating each component with its own infinite bus.










short circuit current calculations and labeling

once the fault current has been calculated, labels made giving the available short circuit fault current, should be applied to the equipment.










on the performance of arc flash analysis in dc power systems 

the proposed procedure allows evaluation of incident energy and arc flash boundaries, while taking into account as many circuit parameters as possible.









safety supplies online store






customized signs








5.00




$3.90





facility signs








4.50




$2.40





work safety signs








4.50




$2.40





arc flash software








5.00




$290.00











 


software & mobile apps









4.00



short circuit fault current calculations










4.00



arc flash hazard analysis & labeling





our partners








search


 





social



879facebook



105linkedin




newsletter


10/15/2015


developments in fault current, arc flash calculations and labeling



09/25/2015


fancy product design and custom label printing



08/18/2015


workplace, fire safety, facility signs and posters



04/06/2015


ignition and melting characteristics of protective clothing



11/23/2014


custom arc flash label printing and csa z462-15 announcement



10/16/2014


short circuit current calculations and labeling



09/23/2014


nfpa 70e




 




copyright © 2019 arcad inc. all rights reserved.


















