       
	american physiological society | advancing scientific discovery | american physiological society
                         

  
  


  
                menu
                       



welcome, !
logout



login










            donate
        



            job board
        



            join
        



            renew
        


 

search for: 
  


membership & community


aps membership


join aps


institutional group membership


renew my membership


member benefits


meet our members


aps fellows (faps)




aps communities


sections


interest groups


aps chapters


committees











publications & news


physiology journals


why publish with aps?


submit a manuscript


access journal content 


information for authors 


apsselect




newsroom


the physiologist magazine


find us on social media






professional development


meetings & events


american physiology summit


from concept to classroom


new trends in sex differences and women’s health research 


webinars


related meetings


future aps conferences


conference policies




aps awards


researchers


educators


trainees




career & professional development


career gateway


career navigator


center for physiology education


physiology job board


aps graduate physiology & biomedical science catalog











advocacy & resources


policy areas


federal research funding & policy


animal research


reducing regulatory burden


the effects of the coronavirus on physiology


data management and sharing




resources


researcher resources


educator resources


trainee resources


student resources


aps graduate physiology & biomedical science catalog


women's health research initiative


career gateway




diversity, equity & inclusion


values, policies & statements




advocate for science




about aps


welcome to aps


history & founders


partner with us


values & policies


work at aps




aps governance


aps board of directors


advisory council


governance structure


strategic plan


bylaws


past presidents


aps financial transparency


leadership elections











   








uncovering seemingly simple research
questions that are full of possibility for
new discoveries.
learn more about jan’s research


jan michael williams, phd

the physiologist magazine

march 2024





leading scientists are putting a
spotlight on a critically important
area of research: women’s health.
explore the issue


advancing women's health research

the physiologist magazine

july 2024





helping patients with traumatic spinal cord injuries regain movements they lost.
learn about monica’s research


monica perez, pt, phd

shirley ryan ability lab

aps member since 2016





discovering new hormones to treat type 1 diabetes, preeclampsia and chronic pain.
learn about rick’s research


willis k. “rick” samson, phd, faps

saint louis university

aps member since 1983





marking an art out of science in the search for a cure for a rare disease.
learn about usha’s research


usha raj, md, mha, faps

university of illinois at chicago

aps member since 1986





from heart disease to acute injury, breaking down boundaries between pulmonology and cardiology.
learn about wolfgang’s research 
                            

wolfgang m. kuebler, md, faps

institute of physiology at charité–universitätsmedizin berlin

aps member since 1999















                    women’s health research initiative
                

                        this initiative aims to elevate the status of women’s health and the research aps members are conducting to address health and disease in women.
                    







                    the physiologist magazine
                
the latest edition is out now.

                        dive into this issue for the latest on topics such as exercise physiology and women’s health research.
                    







                    2025 american physiology summit
                
call for abstracts: october 4–december 2, 2024

                        meet us at the summit in baltimore april 24–27, 2025, to explore the science behind the biggest issues impacting life and health today and make connections that will last a lifetime.
                    







                    center for physiology education
                
promoting excellence in teaching physiology

                        visit the aps center for physiology education for the skills and support to enhance your modern classroom.
                    







a community of discoveryaps members work at the frontiers of science to advance our understanding of life and health. their efforts are leading to treatments for the deadliest and most debilitating diseases affecting humans and enhancing our understanding of topics like genetics,
    neuroscience, obesity and sex differences. you can be part of this vibrant community.discover the value of aps membership













physiology in the news






steroid medications given before preterm birth improve lung and placental function
february 13, 2025




aps urges nih to reverse harmful cuts to research costs—take action now
february 12, 2025




nih cuts indirect cost rate for research grants
february 8, 2025




gene expression differences in fat tissue may inform targeted treatment for obesity
december 12, 2024




prestigious awards recognizing excellence in physiological research announced
december 9, 2024




females heal more quickly than males after muscle injuries
november 21, 2024




 
 


more aps news



 
 




explore the aps family of journalsaps journals (16) serve a committed community of investigators by providing a home for important physiology research. we deliver a robust and fair publishing process that is managed by working scientists.





























































































view all










   

back to top
  


   

contactcontact apstestimonials
  

newsnews & other media
  

policiesvalues, policies & statementsreport misconductconflict of interestprivacy policy
  

our sitesamerican physiological societyjournals.physiology.orgi spy physiology blog
   

6120 executive boulevard, suite 575rockville, md 20852-9839phone: +1 844.526.1700fax: +1 240.366.1138 
  

aps on social media:



   

copyright © 2024 american physiological societyprivacy policysite map
  


this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience. privacy policy
ok










  
