













welcome to xy online | www.xyonline.net







      skip to main content
    




menu







www.xyonline.net

men, masculinities, and gender politics





primary links


articles


authors


links


publish


about us


donate


contact






search




search










welcome to xy online












topics




activism & politics
calls for papers
fathering
growing up
health
men's & fathers' rights
miscellaneous
pornography
race, ethnicity, difference
resources
sexualities
sport
violence
work & class
working with boys and men







blogs


latest entries




anonymous
bill patrick
david jackson
elin weiss
felix scholz
julian real
michael flood
mike_otterman
ronald f. levant
scott groffman
vitt
xyonline






















what's new


17 feb 2025
engaging men and boys in preventing violence against women and girls: discussion guide on messagingthis discussion guide is for organizations working with men and boys that are addressing the prevention of violence against women and girls (vawg) or are interested in beginning work in this area. the 11-page guide provides examples of approaches to developing gender-transformative messaging that organizations can refer to and utilise in their work.read more…
28 jan 2025
macs' #refusethebait campaign urges boys and men to stop sexually exploiting women and girls 

in 2025 male allies challenging sexism (macs) is calling on fellow boys and men across the globe to stop contributing to the sexual exploitation of women and girls, through our #refusethebait campaign.read more…
07 jan 2025
building bridges: how white men can become allies in anti-racist, anti-colonial, and feminist movementsas we brace for the return of donald trump to the us presidency, many of us feel an unsettling déjà vu. the memory of policies, judicial appointments, and a political climate that emboldened racism, transphobia, book bans, and carceral violence hangs heavy. across the globe, these patterns have sown division and deepened inequality.read more…
06 jan 2025
work with men to end violence against women: a critical stocktake 

this paper provides a critical assessment of efforts to involve men in the prevention of men’s violence against women. although there is a substantial evidence base attesting to the effectiveness of at least some strategies and interventions, this field is also limited in important ways. violence prevention efforts often have focused on changing men’s attitudes, rather than also seeking to transform structural and institutional inequalities.read more…
19 dec 2024
profeminist magazines archivethere is a long history of pro-feminist men's activism in countries around the world. as part of this advocacy and education work, some groups and networks have produced newsletters and magazines. this xy collection is an archive of key english-language pro-feminist men's magazines.xy itself began as a printed magazine, that i founded in 1990 and edited for seven years. you can read more about xy's history here.this archive includes the following:read more…
12 dec 2024
disability-inclusive development with men and boys 

this short brief describes how rigid gender norms wreak havoc on all members of society and presents evidence indicating that the outcomes are better for everyone in societies with more flexible and adaptable gender norms. seeing men as co-beneficiaries and stakeholders in the fight for gender and social equality, the document present a series of recommendations to engage men and boys as part of gender-transformative strategies.download the brief in pdf here.read more…
08 dec 2024
diverting boys and men from the manosphere: resourceshow can boys and men be encouraged to respond critically to the anti-women ideologies of the manosphere, the network of websites, blogs, and online forums promoting sexism and opposition to feminism? this page highlights key resources for engaging men and boys.curricula, programs, and resources:read more…
05 dec 2024
technical brief: analysis of issues related to masculinities and disability in conflict and post-conflict settings 

based on a literature review and interviews with key stakeholders, this technical brief synthesizes current research into how masculinities and disabilities intersect in conflict and post-conflict settings. it outlines evidenced-based strategies for meaningful engagement with men and boys and sheds light on how to equip them with the skills they need to play a role in peaceful societies that are both gender- and disability-inclusive.download the technical brief here.read more…


browse all articles… 









the latest xy blogs


why the "not all men" response is frustrating and exhausting for women  by vitt 
thoughts on america’s gun violence epidemic  by ronald f. levant 
why focus on violence against women, rather than all violence?  by michael flood 
a feminist ethic for men dating women  by michael flood 
violence against women: 7 problems with a focus on telling women how to maximise their own safety  by michael flood 


pagination




              current page
            1




              page
            2




              page
            3




              page
            4




              page
            5

…


next page
next ›




last page
last »








more great reading


men building gender equality: a guide to xy's content by michael flood
engaging men in violence prevention: key resources by michael flood
emerge (engendering men: evidence on routes to gender equality): policy brief, practice brief, plus evidence review, tools and guides
from work with men and boys to changes of social norms and reduction of inequities in gender relations (journal article) by james lang, michael flood, rachel jewkes







 







also in xy...

articles - over 200 articles on a wide variety of issues, sorted by author or date
blog - read the xy blogs
write / publish - how to contribute to xy.
links - a comprehensive collection of over 600 online resources
the men’s bibliography - a comprehensive bibliography of writing on men, masculinities, gender and sexualities
what is xy? - who we are, what we do
image gallery - all the images on xy
contact - get in touch with xy
donate - if you think xy is a good thing, send us some money!

you can also:

subscribe to the rss feed
join xy on facebook
follow xy on twitter, via michael flood's account


log in












compilation © xyonline.net. all rights reserved. used with permission.












