


the pulpit pounder
























    
	the pulpit pounder
	
  
tales of the absurd with a conservative spin...



saturday, september 03, 2005



	 as you may have noticed...
    


      i am no longer able to spend much time in this endeavor...i don't want to say i'm closing shop but, as september hits, the demands on my time go up dramatically and i doubt i'll be blogging much between now and the holidays...anyhow, i'll be in, out and around from time to time, just wanted those few who might notice (and you know who you are) that there is no family emergency or tragedy or anything...just real life intruding, as it always does.  i'm sure when something the liberals do annoys me (another sure thing) i'll throw my $.02 up here.
    


posted by makrothumeo @ 9/03/2005 09:25:00 am  
      

 | 







sunday, august 28, 2005



	 the big draft...
    


      well, my fantasy football draft went off yesterday, and today i find i have mixed emotions...priest holmes, t.o. and tom brady are my core players, with priest coming off injury and t.o. not talking to d.m., which is n.g. (not good).  on the other hand, i got 2 of the top 7 or 8 preseason picks in a 12-player league, which can't be a bad thing.  i guess i will have to see how it plays out on the field, eh?  anybody else drafting?  how are you making out?
    


posted by makrothumeo @ 8/28/2005 07:31:00 am  
      

 | 







friday, august 26, 2005



	 things that don't go together...
    


      i suppose all's fair in commerce and war, but when i see snoop dogg and lee iacocca walking down the fairway together in the new chrysler commercial, the words "...dead head sticker on a cadillac..." pop into my head.maybe it's just me...
    


posted by makrothumeo @ 8/26/2005 11:32:00 am  
      

 | 







thursday, august 25, 2005



	 a shocker by pat robertson
    


      in a surprise move, pat robertson said he was misquoted (even though his call for the assassination of a foreign leader is on video), that his remarks were taken out of context, and that his statement was being blown out of proportion by the press--i am stunned--oh wait, that's what i said he would do, isn't it...let's see, does he look like a horse's ass while he's doing it?  yup...nostradamus, move over...
    


posted by makrothumeo @ 8/25/2005 12:01:00 am  
      

 | 







wednesday, august 24, 2005



	 pat robertson should just shut up
    


      maybe that's all i need to say, but of course i won't stop there...being a pastor, i am about as sick as i can be of pat robertson and jerry falwell and people like jimmy swaggart and jim bakker being held up as spokesmen for and examples of christian clergy.  they should not represent themselves as leaders of all christianity (which they are not), nor should the media be so quick to connect the vote of all "white evangelicals" with these jokers. i am the pastor of an independent baptist church--that means we are beholden to nobody but god, and nothing speaks for our church but the bible.  pat robertson has apparently failed to adopt the adult habit of thinking--and then pausing to consider the effect of his words--before speaking.  he regularly comes out with some off the cuff comment that sends the media into a tizzy over supposed extremism by christians.  then he backs off, apologizes, claims he was misquoted or taken out of context, and once again looks like the horse's ass he is...but that has nothing to do with me or with 99% of christians in this country.so pat--shut your pie hole.
    


posted by makrothumeo @ 8/24/2005 09:19:00 am  
      

 | 







sunday, august 14, 2005



	 tsa ready to go back to "no-hassle" passenger screening?
    


      according to the associated press, the transportation security administration is considering allowing icepicks, knives, razor blades, bows and arrows and other such items on airplanes soon.  not only that, but they would also like to reduce pat-down searches and eliminate shoe checks unless the passenger sets off a metal detector, is flagged by a computer, or looks "reasonably suspicious."  this is intended to reduce "hassles" and make the process more "passenger-friendly."we are approaching the fourth anniversary of 9/11, and apparently we have already forgotten its lessons.  the best way to make the process of flying more "friendly" for me is to make sure my plane doesn't fall out of the sky in flames or run into a building, thank you very much.  we already know that, if one has to look "reasonably suspicious" in order to have your shoes checked that will eliminate all young arab-looking males from searches, since checking them would be "racial profiling," hence "baaaddd."i don't need a knife, a razorblade or an icepick while flying (the icecubes are usually small enough), and i haven't seen any target ranges for bows and arrows in flight, either...my advice to the tsa is to keep us safe first, worry about hassles second--or third--or fourth--and if you don't like all the "hassle" associated with flying commercial, get a license and plane and fly yourself or take the train.
    


posted by makrothumeo @ 8/14/2005 08:57:00 am  
      

 | 







thursday, august 11, 2005



	 more than a tad busy
    


      sorry my blogging's been off if you have been dropping by to see me...i had a service last night, a funeral today and another saturday, and a sunday school class and 2 sermons for sunday to write...and no secretary this week, so i also have to the bulletins and all the other office stuff...so i stopped in long enough to say howdy, but i don't even know what's going on in the news this week, let alone have time to comment on it...i'll get caught up next week, promise.
    


posted by makrothumeo @ 8/11/2005 05:40:00 pm  
      

 | 















links

google news

previous posts

as you may have noticed...
the big draft...
things that don't go together...
a shocker by pat robertson
pat robertson should just shut up
tsa ready to go back to "no-hassle" passenger scre...
more than a tad busy
bush supports teaching of "intelligent design" alo...
interesting weirdness in strange places
the gop--time for radical change?

archives

may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005



blogs to check out




blogroll me!
 


blogs for mccain's
opponent

see
what we're about
email to join



 
 
"stop the aclu" blogbursters
 
 


 
 
 


your political profile


overall: 100% conservative, 0% liberal


social issues: 100% conservative, 0% liberal


personal responsibility: 100% conservative, 0% liberal


fiscal issues: 100% conservative, 0% liberal


ethics: 100% conservative, 0% liberal


defense and crime: 100% conservative, 0% liberal



how liberal / conservative are you?





















