











personalized custom cigars by fletcher cigar company














































                        home

                        cigar bandsmain cigar band pagebusiness & promotional eventsweddings & groomsmenhospitality, restaurants & hotelsgolf & golfing eventsbirthdaysnew babymilitaryanniversariesholidaysphotogold & silver foilunique die-cut shapescompanies you may knowprivate reserve

                        our cigarsstandard premium cigarssuper premium cigarsultra premium cigars


                        pricing

                        ordering
                        about uswhy fccfaq's
                        contact ussite map


877-726-5886







if you are looking forpersonalized custom cigars...




your search is officially over.















hundreds of cigar band designs ready for you to make your own...weddings * birthdays * new baby!! * holidays * golf * and more *









thank you for visiting our site. you have located the finest personalized custom cigars to be found anywhere.we have been doing things differently since we produced our very first personalized cigar band way back in 1997. and since then, our unique perspective of what personalized custom cigars should be has driven us to continue to innovate. today, we stand as the acknowledged leader. if you take a good look around this website, we think you will agree.








the cigar bands
please take a look at our cigar bands. we are proud to offer you the finest small-run personalized custom cigars available. hundreds of samples on this site.
start your journey here





our cigars
all long-filler. our standard premium and super premium cigars are hand-made by a small farm/factory in nicaragua. our elite-ultra premium cigar is produced by a master tobacconist in florida





what makes us the best choice for your personalized cigars?click here for the answer




















personalized cigar bands
we are proud to offer you the finest small-run personalized custom cigars available. hundreds of samples on this site.

                            more
                        







standard premium cigars
five standard premium blends made up of high-quality long-filler tobacco & construction quality to match. made in nicaragua.

                            more
                        







super premium cigars

                       four super premium blends crafted to provide the cigar enthusiast a complex and nuanced smoking experience.

                            more
                        







ultra premium cigars
it just does not get better than this. an ultra premium cigar created by a cuban-born master tobacconist. 

                            more
                        










                    a few designs just to show you what's possible















custom die-cut cigar bandscigar bands shaped around your logo at a quantity of only 25. here...yes. anywhere else...no.















high impact colors - new modern designswe design cigar bands differently than our competitors.















unique private reserve cigar bands
these make the perfect gift.















gold and silver metallic/dull foil cigar bands
want foil for only 25 cigars? find that only here.















we even have graffiti cigar bands for you
breaking cigar band design barriers since 1997.























why our personalized cigar bands are just plain better



> professional graphic designers are responsible for every cigar band we produce> high-end digital printers and ultra-accurate computerized die-cutting
> professional grade graphic design and die-cutting software.> we fit the cigar band to your logo, not the other way around> every part of our cigar bands can be redesigned to match your logo and artwork> our revise and resend approval process - your personalized cigar band is always approved by you
> gold and silver metallic/dull foil available for quantities as low as 25 cigars> in-house print output check prior to final production> start your journey by visiting our main cigar band page - please click here



















                                  25

                                years in business

                                we have been producing personalized custom cigars for a 1/4 of a century. long-time. constant innovation. the quality of our work shows it. 









7000

                                different cigar bands produced
we didn't actually count them. but based on some simple math and accounting for a sizable amount of reorders 7,000 is pretty accurate.










                                  10

                                different cigar blends available

                                    we have for your enjoyment...5 standard premium blends4 super premium blends and1 elite-ultra premium blend 












                    a word about our cigars













standard premiums
five different blends. all long-filler. amazing quality and consistency. > connecticut
> maduro> habano> barber pole> sweet gum connecticuthigh quality and affordable. learn more about our standard premium cigars.
click here














super premiums
four blends. all worthy of the super premium moniker. of course all long-filler.> connecticut
> candela> cameroon> tri-wrapah yes...our super premium cigars. each brings nuance & complexity to your smoking experience.
click here














uitra premium
a completely bespoke blend. only available from fletcher cigar company. six months in the making. blended by a master tobacconist and hand-crafted under his supervision. limited availability - only 1,500 produced a month. available in limited quantities
click here








this is our gold foiled cardboard box. it is our base presentation for the standard premium and super premium cigars. it holds 25 cigars (13 & 12). we place a larger version of the die-cut cigar band as a label on the top of the box.













over the 25 years we have been offering personalized custom cigars our customers found this box suitable around 75% of the time. it is an attractive presentation that works well for most occasions. but, when you want something a bit more upgraded...













we present our wood finished travel humidor. true spanish cedar lining. holds 20 cigars. we then place the extra 5 cigars in a smaller version of the gold finished, clear top box. so you still get 25 cigars "per box".there is a $15.00 upcharge per box. you can see more information about boxing options by clicking here.














more interesting & maybe even important info...









                    free stuff 
all first orders of a new cigar band qualifies for the following freebies - click here to learn more














                            all-steel cigar cutter
one shiny new all-steel cigar cutter. free with 1 box of personalized custom cigars.









frameable version
a beautiful frameable version of your cigar band. free with 4 boxes of personalized custom cigars. frame not included.









two single-cigar ashtrays
two single-cigar ashtrays. one for you. one for a lucky friend. free with 6 boxes of personalized custom cigars.










site pages you may be interested in










pricing info
all pricing information for our cigars can be found on our pricelist page. cigars, box presentations, rush order fees, foil upgrades, samples cigars and more.please click here









ordering info
ordering can be as simple as 1 phone call or a couple of emails. ordering info, artwork specifications and turnaround time all covered completely on this page. please click here









faq's
a lot of questions answered on our faq's page. questions about ordering, pricing, payment, artwork, turnaround time, artwork, the cigars...all answered on this page.please click here









about us
only if you want to. do so only if you are interested. you are certainly not required to. and we are happy to accept your order even if you don't want to know anything about us.please click here











okay. i have been asked to start a blog. not really a blog, but a series of articles. but then again, isn't that sorta kinda a blog? in any case...what i have to say will be both naughty and nice. all of the articles will be informative, however other companies in this space (small-run personalized custom cigars) will not like what i have to say in a few of them. they may not like it, but it's true.

blog/article main page
  blog/article #1: trouble is brewing in a small corner of the cigar industry










                    share this page...




















fletcher cigar company







fletcher cigar company does not sell products to anyone under the age of 21. if you do not meet the minimum age requirement, please leave our site.fletcher cigar company does not ship cigars to customers in south dakota, utah or outside the united states other than apo/fpo addresses.fletcher cigar companyyour event. your cigar. â©small batch excellence cigars â©personalized custom cigars done the right way â©â© copyright 1997-2022 fletcher cigar company - all rights reserved
                



















