







welcome to spalding labs




javascript is disabled on your browser.
		to view this site, you must enable javascript or upgrade to a javascript-capable browser.
	

skip to main content     888-562-5696 order fly predators®commercial clients  login   0  your cart is empty      our products  how it works  pest management  about spalding  contact  faqs  education center learn       fly predators®for your horses and stablesorder nowfly predators®for your 4-h animalsorder nowfly predators®for your backyard chickensorder nowfly predators®for your green projectsorder now  fly predators®natural fly control since 1976use fly predators® to kill flies before they hatch. fly predators® are an insect that are the natural enemy of flies, but never bother people or animals. without resorting to chemicals, you’ll kill flies before they emerge. you simply sprinkle fly predators® near all manure areas every three to four weeks during warm months.preventing flies is key. if you target adult flies buzzing around, you’re only targeting about 15% of the population at any time. if you don’t stop the future ones you’ll be plagued all summer. our fly predators® stop flies before they become a problem!hundreds of thousands of happy customers for almost 50 years!take control of your fly problemorder your fly predators®who is it for?anybody who has a fly problem!horse stablesfarms & ranchessmall animalsexotic animalsorganic wasteview our productshow does it work?we send you bugs that kill your bugswe start by evaluating your location and needs. we then determine how many fly predators® you need to manage your pest situation. once you receive your shipment of fly predators®, you simply sprinkle the bugs near all manure areas every three to four weeks during warm months. in just a few minutes you’ve done your fly control for the month! want a more detailed explanation? click the button to learn more!learn morewhy spalding?natural fly control backed by sciencebacked by scienceour fly predators® are backed by science and peer reviewed studies. we even have entomologists on staff!tailored to your needsno matter where you live, we customize your fly predators® for your specific animal needs so it works for you.a natural solutionfly predators® have become the preferred method of natural fly control. we also have natural traps and sprays!understand pest management  x we're offering a new customer discount on fly predators. enter your email, mobile phone and zip code for an immediate 10% off your entire season of fly predators. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;    back to top  ready to get started?order your fly predators® and remove unwanted pests!order fly predators © 2023 spalding labs. all rights reserved. fly predators®, bye bye insects™, bye bye odor™, and the little bugs that do a big job™ are trademarks of spalding labs. shipping and returnsterms and conditionsdata subject access requestprivacy policyyour privacy choices    















