

alone in tokyo















this is the end...?
thursday, may 01, 2014

it's time for a closure.

i wanted to write this for quite some time, and i finally got myself to do it today.

i guess it has to end this way, the way which i really wanted to avoid so badly. i have to say, i must bear some responsibility for it. because i spoiled you, because i kept thinking that you were the nice person.

but it turns out that you aren't the nice person i thought you were. and my wrong assumptions were the basis for the failure of the friendship.

you were always asking for things. and i kept giving. promises were made, and then broken. the cycle then repeats itself.

we couldn't communicate. time and again, we pushed the problem away, and i thought it would be okay, because you realised your mistake, and you would change. and so it dragged on, and on.

the problem really, was how you treated your friends. till today, i'm not too sure if you realised that, but you were always using your friends. you took whatever you could, didn't really care about how others felt, and just left when things didn't work out. you made use of people's love and concern for you, to get what you wanted. but when it is your turn to give back, you didn't. it already happened when i was in the states. i should have guessed that all these would happen then.

okay, there's an exception. your girlfriend. but is your world just made up of her? your friends are starting to realise how you are like, and are slowly moving away.

i have been trying to tell you all this, albeit in a fiercer tone, because i know this is not the right way to go. i say nasty things, not because i want you to feel bad, but because i want to remind you how bad you are to certain people at times, and that is not the right way to treat others.

in short, i scold, because i care.

i am not sure if you are going to realise how much trouble this flaw of yours is going to bring you. its not just on your personal life, but your professional life as well. because the attitude you treat others and matters, just shows how much you disregard others, and how much you are a quitter in life. life doesn't favour quitters, and that means a much tougher life for you in the future.

but i guess...it's time i let go. i hope you will realise where i am coming from some day in the near future...and you correct this flaw of yours. because deep inside, i know that you are a nice person. it's just all these rubbish that has marred you from being who you really are. and that's why so many people still choose to dote on you.

and if you do, please, come back to me. till the day i give up, i will be waiting.


10:39 pm
leave a comment (0)

kite. 
tuesday, march 11, 2014

it's been a long time since i last blogged.

i came back from the states, settled down, started school in singapore again...and then things started to change.

rather than describing what happened, i think i should talk about how i feel.

i would be lying if i said i wasn't sad. it's been 3 years...and they were good times. fond memories.

i know it isn't completely about the girlfriend. in fact, i have to bear the bulk of the responsibility.

because i don't know how to fly a kite. because i don't know to let go when i need to; the string is now broken.

i cannot explain why i chose to be so nice to you, and to give you everything you asked for. neither can i explain why it is so difficult for me to let go of you, and others whom i call close friends. this is not the first time it has happened. a few of my closest friends made a conscious effort to stay away from me, because i was being too close and 'clingy'. and i guess it's the same for you too. you are doing all you can so that i won't cling on to you.

i know where you are coming from. that's why i forced myself to let go. not because i don't care about you anymore, but i know this is the best way for everyone. certain lessons need to be learned the hard way, and it applies to the both of us. for you, i hope you will one day realise why i chose to do certain things, and why i do emphasize on studying and discipline. for me, perhaps i really need to learn how to deal with friendships, and stop making people feel uncomfortable.

should i still hold any hope? i'm not too sure. i managed to work things out with the good friends whom i had the issues with eventually. to be honest, i still have that little bit of faith left in our friendship. if given a choice, i would like to believe that our friendship isn't just based on the things i bought for you. i would like to believe that we really had good memories together, and that we genuinely cared for each other, and meant each other well. yes, we have disagreements, but who doesn't? when my interviewer asked me how did i make you trust me at the beginning, i was stumped for a while. i wasn't sure if it was because i always gave you what you wanted, or it was because you knew i would always be there, even though sometimes you would rather me not interfere with your problems. or did you even trust me at all? i wish i knew how you felt. i wish i knew what i meant to you. i wish i could ask you if we could still be friends, even just normal friends. an occasional movie, good meal, chill-out, and help you whenever you want me to. 

now, i can only wait. hopefully, there will come a day when you will allow me to sort things out, and be friends again. without being so clingy. and i will stop making these silly mistakes. 


5:52 pm
leave a comment (0)

dear diary
sunday, february 24, 2013

i haven't written for ages. so, here goes.

dear diary,

i write with a heavy heart.

it's the nth time we quarreled. same story. you get tired, you start to show your attitude, i get pissed, start to lecture you about life, things get worse, and you just stop doing work. and stop replying me altogether. it upsets me more than you think, really.

is there really any way out of this? i'm beginning to doubt that there is any.

i've always believed that there's a way out of anything. so long as you have the will. i know you are trying. and i guess it's my fault, because i tend to extend my self-expectations on you. i know it's unfair to you, and that's the reason why i try to avoid this mistake. for this, i am sorry.

on top of that, of course, is how we communicate. more specifically, how i always fail to hear you. because you hardly speak. you know that. you don't like to tell people how you feel and think about things. and when you finally do, i admit that i miss it. like how you really cannot concentrate you are tired. but i heard you this time round.

but there are so many other things i don't know. how you feel about us forcing you to do what you don't like - angry, don't understand why? why do you not like studying - a waste of time? the reasons behind us getting you to study - you really don't see the big picture?

you don't necessarily have to talk to me about it. you could write, type, or tell someone else.

it's difficult for me to help you like this.

and you will say, i don't need anyone's help.

and i never, ever figured out how to answer you.

because i'm not sure if you are aware that you have a problem to deal with. or if you are aware, you admit that it is a problem. i know it's painful, but i perfectly understand this. because i used to have problems i refuse to admit. and perhaps this was why my ex left me.

so you need to tell me, or someone else, what you think about this.

and the next question is, why do i want to help you? you say this struggle that i have, is my own choice. nobody asked me to do this. it pains me to hear this from you, honestly speaking. 

you are right. it's my personal choice. and there are times i struggle with it. in fact, there are times when i want to give up too. because i am human. but i want to help you, because i care for you. and because you have brought so much into my life. it's my way of thanking you.

and every time i want to give up, i remind myself that i cannot. because i know how it is like to be given up by someone you love and care about. and that feeling, is lethal.

however, after saying so much, there is only so much i can do. i cannot force you. if you choose to give up without putting up a fight, there's nothing i can do. i can encourage you, motivate you, help you - only if you want to help yourself.

 so, i beg you, write to me. tell me what and how you feel.

i want to help you, so please, help me help you.

i write with a heavy heart.


12:17 am
leave a comment (0)

at christmas you say the truth. 
saturday, december 22, 2012

there's a lot going through in my mind. and in my heart too.

it has been a good holiday, although it's spent entirely in singapore. i've grown closer to certain people, finally convinced myself to let go of some others. in a nutshell, everything is going just fine.

an outsider may say that i'm thinking too much, but this stable life is disturbing me quite a bit. to say the least, it's too good to be true! and by experience, i know, for sure, that someone or something is going to come by and take something away from me. in life, you gain some, but you lose some too.

i just told someone close to me recently that life would be meaningless if it is all smooth-sailing. but here is where the irony lies. i want a meaningful life, but at the same time i'm afraid of events that would cause my loved ones to drift away from me. this inherent contradiction - i cannot explain.

perhaps that's life - full of ironies, full of contradictions. but that is what makes life interesting and non-mundane.

and below is a letter, which i thought i want to read to a certain someone; someone who is like a younger brother to me. he may not get to read this at all, but at christmas, you say the truth.

dear brother,

we have known each other for quite some time now. i can only say thank you for allowing me to enter your life, and for giving me a chance to be like a brother to you - something that i dare not wish for in my whole 22 years of life.

it is an amazing journey thus far...i'm not sure how much of a help i have been to you, but knowing you and interacting with you have taught me much more things about life than anything else has. though there are times we make each other upset, i am glad we patch things up and move on. i enjoy the times we spent together, and i cherish them more than i appear to be.

eventually, you will grow up. i'm not sure if we will still be as close then. i am not going to speculate, because even if we do drift apart, i am glad we were once close. but i just want to say that i have faith in us as brothers. we may grow busy as we start to pursue our own lives, but i believe - and have faith that - we will still find time for each other, like how we do now.

but i'm prepared that you will outgrow me. i will be sad, but that's part and parcel of life. i know i cannot clip your wings forever. you have your own world, which you will spread your wings and fly into. as a brother, it is only right that i do not restrict you. 

as you can see, i'm treading on a very fine line. i have faith in you, and i trust you, but i cannot be certain of what will happen in future. regardless, i am grateful that fate allowed us to cross paths. even if one day you may choose to not stay on, remember that my door will always, always be open.

hopefully, there will come a day when you will tell me how you feel too. but it's okay. i have faith, and thank you for restoring that faith in me.

i wish you happiness in your life ahead. remember, everything will be fine in the end, if it is not, it is not the end.

merry christmas.


10:37 pm
leave a comment (0)

happy 22nd birthday.
thursday, november 15, 2012

so my 22nd birthday just ended.

which spells the start of the terrible mugging season.

i thought i should pen down some of my thoughts, for memory's sake.

it has been a rocky year. i had people step in and out of my life; friends who chose to stay...and those who chose to stay clear.

every year during my birthday, i yearn for someone to do something special for me. this year it's different, i guess. i realised what's truly important is to the spend the day or celebrate it with your loved ones. it's the quality time that is spent together that matters. surprises are good, of course, but they are definitely nothing more than a bonus.

i spent the past two days with my friends (who were once my students). they are great company, and no words can express the kind of gratitude that i have for knowing them. also, they made me ponder about my life thus far. that friendship is reciprocal and requires nothing more than sincerity. that being content is key to being happy. that cherishing what you have now, rather than thinking of what you do not have, is the wise thing to do.

yes, my life is really about my students now. have i neglected my university friends? i'm not too sure. for one, i'm unsure of where i stand in their lives. a few of them used to be important, but not anymore. somehow as priorities take over, friendship takes a back seat. perhaps we have different definitions of friendship. what we expect out of it is different too. but what i do know, is that we see things very differently. and when we can't reconcile our differences, we can only be normal friends at best.

i thank life for allowing me to know such an awesome group of friends. yes, they will grow up and someday leave me eventually...but that experience, being friends with them, is enough for me. i'm content.

happy 22nd birthday. 


1:01 am
leave a comment (0)

i need to write this down, somewhere.
saturday, june 02, 2012

it's been ages since i last wrote something here...even blogger has changed. and i must say i am surprised that there are people actually read my blog, though i have no idea who.

anyway, i think i have reached a stage of life that is worth noting down somewhere. i no longer keep a physical diary, so this kind of is like the only place left.

this semester has been a truly fruitful one. so is the germany bsm.

i juggled between work and studies this semester. it was indeed hectic, but i guess what i picked up was not only better time management skills, but also how to better control my emotions? okay, perhaps that was not as good. but still, i guess i found what i like to do.

having said that, i still think i won't step into teaching first. there are many other options i want to explore, and i think university life is the best way to do it. at this point, i hope i am able to bring my current students to the end of the year, and then start to pursue my other interests. the only limitation is that i do not know if i am as passionate about the finance and banking industry as i am in teaching, because i do not know enough to make a judgment. so after ict and mechai, i will start reading up more, and decide from there.

of course, this semester is without its lows. my old problems did resurface, especially during the bsm, like how it did during neora. but i am really blessed and fortunate to have found 2 very good friends, who are willing to talk through the problems with me, and in so many ways help me rebuilt the faith in friendship, kinship and relationship that i have lost many years back. they are also very supportive of where my passion truly lies. while it is inevitable that we will be pursuing different paths in the future, i hope that this strong team that we have built will remain, at least for the next few years.

both of them are going to run project neora 2. my insecurity has led me to fear being left out initially. i guess this is inevitable, and i have accepted the fact that they will be closer to each other than i will be to them individually. but given the problems i have, i am perfectly fine with it. what is more important, is really to have faith in the bonds that we have built, and trust that they have faith in me. it's an uphill challenge for me, but i really take a leap of faith this time. and hope that it really works out.

on top of these, i have formed very strong relationships with my students. while there are colleagues who are unhappy with this, i think what remains important is that i am aware of what i am doing, and i do it with no harmful intentions in mind. issues like this, we just have to learn to agree to disagree. people tend to be judgmental, and i can never get everyone to agree with my methods of doing things. while my students have become an integral part of my life, i do hope that whatever i am doing will have an impact on how they will be like as a person in the future.

herein lies the ugliness of the working world. perhaps i am immature when it comes to dealing with problems that comes from work, and so i let it affect me a bit too much. it's definitely a learning process for me; no matter what my colleagues may say, so long as i stay true to myself, i should not be overly affected. i am glad i got to learn this early.

life is simple, it is people who make things complicated. yet, it is also people who make the world a better place to be. i am fortunate to have known awesome people; my friends, my students, and yes, my family.

perhaps what i need is a little more optimism in my life. and have a little faith, because faith is what makes things work.

so thank you, to the both of you, thank you for making my life a wonderful one once again.  =)

5:41 pm
leave a comment (0)

hello 2012, goodbye 2011.
sunday, january 01, 2012
how time flies. it's 2012 already.2011 has been an eventful year. relief teaching at bp was an awesome experience, to say the least. school started, made new friends, and of course  enjoyed the process of learning. then there was an ocsp that i enjoyed too.of course, there were downs to the year. but it was through these downs that i realised who my true friends really were. i also realised that sometimes, holding on to something too much wouldn't help. and so, i learnt to let go... and in the process became a happier person.2011 was important because i gained perspectives on my life that i never once had. i had a clearer picture of what i truly wanted in life, and also accepted the fact that there are many things in life which are beyond our control.although 2011 did not end off at a high note, it was still a good year. hopefully 2012 would be a better year.new year resolution? i will keep it simple. let things take its course, work hard, allow time to do what i want to do, spend time with my loved ones, and stay happy.okay, maybe it isn't as simple as it sounds. but i will try.happy 2012 everyone!

3:04 pm
leave a comment (0)

yes, i am twenty-one.
wednesday, november 23, 2011
i realised i haven't written for a long time.there's so much that i want to tell someone, but i don't know who to tell. i guess it's really difficult to find someone who can truly understand how you think. maybe even impossible.it hasn't been a wonderful semester, to be honest. never been so unproductive in my life. well others were rushing projects, i find myself sleeping. not that i don't have to do my work and projects, i somehow managed to complete them. to an acceptable standard at least.in fact, i should be reading the biz law notes i prepared, but it's just too darn boring. now i see why we should study the subjects that we are interested in. o level bio was much more fun than this.if you ask me, this semester has made me think about a lot of things. what does my true interest lie, what kind of job should i get in the future, who are my real friends...and how much more should i care about things and people around me.it's complicated. i care about my friends, but i don't want the friendship to be based on merely me helping them and them trying to return me the favour. i don't need people to return me favours. at least for now. i need people to understand where i am coming from, how i feel, and how i think. people may say - what about my students? don't they say 'thank you' too?somehow there's just this big difference between them, and most of my friends i have now. this difference i find it hard to explain. it's ironic i know, but a group of teenagers seem to know better what being a friend entails. they ask me out. they care for me, as much as i care for them, both academically and psychologically (if that is the correct word to use). yes, i started off helping them, but i am a teacher for crying out loud. and who says a teacher cannot be your friend?there's so much i want to say about the rigidity of the current education system, the formality...its all about balance.so, back to the topic. what does being a friend really mean? that, i can't explain well. never been good in words. but at the very least, less helping each other in time of need, it means spending time together, or to say the least making time for each other even though you're damn busy, having fun.sometimes i wonder why so many of my friendships didn't work out. perhaps i'm weird. low eq. but it actually is very simple.it's the simplest things that are most difficult to find. that, i can't agree more.i've got a bidding group in school. no offence, just saying what i feel. one wished me good results for my birthday. i appreciate that, and i won't deny that results are important, but that's not what i'm really looking out in life. perhaps they don't know me well enough. fair. but after helping them, and seeing how they respond to it...sometimes i wonder why i am trying so hard. smu is a lonely school, that i admit, but why can't they make it less lonely for themselves, as well as for me? is it only all about work?there's one who's very excited about working together, because we can trust each other to do work. see it's about work again. working together is not just about producing work, about spoiling the market - it's the process. it's about having fun. i appreciate their effort, i do. but that shouldn't be all to life.i miss the times i work with my friends in secondary school, and the times i work with my students as i'm teaching. maybe, maybe i'm asking too much. but is that, by itself, a mistake i shouldn't make?looking at how the financial sector is right now, i don't see how i will enjoy working in it. maybe i should just be a teacher, or take the alternative approach, and do what i really want. let my life be an adventure. there're so many things i want to do - travel, set up a hostel, teach in a foreign country, help there. the list just goes on. it's just where to start. i hope i know when the time comes.okay enough of ranting. time to go to bed...and spend another day studying.

11:46 pm
leave a comment (0)

how i really feel.
sunday, october 23, 2011
pi don't usually blog from my phone, but the urge to get all my feelings out is too strong.i'm turning 21 this year, and so are many of my friends. i envy those who have friends planning surprises or parties for them, or even have quality time over something simple like shopping and dinner. i mean, facebook shows them all. and i wonder why for the past 20 years of my life, the only time one entire group of people sang a birthday song for me was when i was secondary 3, and the rest of the time i had to be the one asking people to spend the day with me. am i really that unapproachable, or unfriendly? perhaps it's the way i carry myself. or the decisions i make. or the problems i face. say when i was teaching. i decided to spend more time with my students than my colleagues. that's why i'm not as close to them. i don't regret it, but there's still this tinge of envy, perhaps even jealousy, tt i won't receive a similar birthday dinner from them. they probably wouldn't know that my birthday is coming. and before anyone tells me not to be stupid, it's only human nature.which makes me wonder why i've been trying every year since sec 2 to get the same friends to spend it with me. it seems to me that every year, it's out of obligation than willingness that they agree to it. obligation because i hardly reject them when they do ask for help. but probably nothing more than that. like i've said it may be beacuse of my problems that they shun me quite a bit. thinking about all the facebook pictures that talk about the idea of a true friend, i really wonder. perhaps we have different definitions of a friend. i never asked, because they could never understand where i am coming from. but i always gave them the benefit of the doubt. but just this year, i don't want to be the one asking them out. i want someone to ask me out. that's my birthday wish. childish, i know. but i would be lying if i said that isn't important to me. it is. i can only hope that my 21st birthday will be a good one. and in case anyone really does read this, i still see them as good friends. i just hoped that we could spend more time together, rather than always hanging the word 'busy' by the side of our mouths. we all have 24 hours a day; you decide how you want to spend it best. 

10:37 am
leave a comment (0)

a long hiatus.
monday, october 10, 2011
i haven't written since school started.a long, yet seemingly short, 8 weeks have passed.school's okay, manageable so far.school has allowed me to strengthen my views on certain issues, and made me discover better what kind of a person i am.which is why i am struggling. the kind of person i am, and the kind of things i seek for in life, don't really seem to coincide.or rather they do, but just can't happen together.it's complicated. and i wish things were simpler.

1:45 am
leave a comment (0)

end of a chapter.
sunday, august 14, 2011
a quick entry before i turn in. well, friday was a long and meaningful day. it was my last day of work in bpghs, and also the day of my convocation. i was sad that i had to leave the place i spent a wonderful 4 years and 8 months in, yet excited that a brand new chapter of life is waiting to unfold. i was overwhelmed by emotions, and did not know what to feel. i guess no one could understand this weird mix of feelings; neither could i.  i'm not sure if i chose to escape the sadness that was supposed to engulf me by embracing what is in front of me. some may not term it as escapism, but instead call it forward-looking. the fact remains that my classes, especially the 2 classes that i stuck to the very end, are important to me. and they do mean a lot to me. and no one could understand this dedication and commitment towards them. in this, and in many other matters, i am alone. it's difficult to get others to understand what you are doing, and the reasons behind your actions. at least for me it isn't easy at all. and this is where belief is more important than anything else. the guest of honour's speech was inspiring. he talked about his bamboo school, and made me feel that whatever i have done in the past 8 months was insignificant, to say the least.  schools do not just serve students. they serve the community.  his approach is daring, in fact radical. i wish i have done more - if only i heard him earlier. there are too many what ifs. even though i have left bpghs, i hope i still have the opportunity to impact my students, and allow both my life, and their lives, to become as fulfilling as they can get. cheers. 

1:10 am
leave a comment (0)

it took me long enough.
thursday, july 14, 2011
today was the first time i actually supported my school team in a tournament.and i really wondered, what took me so long.i was never from a sports cca, i belong to the performing arts. the nature of both ccas is very different, yet they have many similar areas too.we train to excel. and up on stage, whether is it against the opposing team, or in front of the judges, it is inevitable that we get nervous, or even frustrated. and it is at this point when it is extremely important to keep our calm, and still perform our best.i saw the aggressiveness in my students today. the never-say-die attitude in them really sparked the dying fire within me. isn't this all about youth and its rigour, and what sportsmanship is about?who says education is just about results? yes - i'm referring to the recent letter by a secondary 4 student to the minister of education. it is through such ccas and competitions that students learn - how to juggle their emotions, and be resillient. and all these - can't be found in the textbook.our education system may not be perfect, but it definitely isn't the worst. the boys won, but the girls didn't. but i'm equally proud of them. i'm really glad to have been a relief teacher this half a year. i have experienced the intangible frills of being a teacher, and it's not something that you can experience from other professions. i hope i have touched lifes, as much as how my students have touched mine.maybe i should stop using the word 'students', and address them as my friends instead.

11:41 pm
leave a comment (0)

academic writing exemption test.
thursday, july 07, 2011
so this morning was the academic writing exemption test that i had to take. it's been some time since i really sat down for 2 hours to complete a piece of writing. until now i'm still unsure of the question requirements, but i must say i'm glad that my brain was still functioning, despite 2 years of...malfunctioning? haha.i guess being a relief teacher did help a bit. at least my engine was moving, despite at a slower pace. okays. thinking of a trip before university starts. crazy crazy.till then.

7:46 pm
leave a comment (0)

an attempt to write.
monday, july 04, 2011
well, my plan to write everyday prior to my academic writing test has failed miserably. i won't use busy as an excuse; i knew half of me was and still am procrastinating. if not now, then when?it's not that i don't want to take academic writing. i think it will be a interesting module to take. but when the aim of university is to clear you modules as fast as you can, you probably won't want to spend time doing such things. and herein lies the irony - isn't education about doing what you like and enjoy?anyway, an article that i chanced upon a few days back:http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/singaporelocalnews/view/1138635/1/.html#.thbjocuszx4.facebookthe title goes: teachers not expected to "do everything", says education minister."the education ministry had also called for a tender last week to train normal (technical) and normal (academic) teachers to understand common mental disorders among youths like self-harm and eating disorders.in response, sociologist paulin straughan had written in to the today newspaper cautioning against placing too many responsibilities on teachers, who already clock long hours. they should not be required to do more than referring at-risk students to trained counsellors, she said."having been a relief teacher for half a year, i must say that referring at-risk students to trained counsellors isn't as straightforward as it seems. let's say you discover that a student has this particular disorder. without finding out more, you refer the student to the school counsellor. simple.not so. yes, the counsellor is trained to make the student speak up and face his/her problems. but in reality, how many students actually are willing to speak in front of counsellors? out of fear of being teased by their peers, most students cringe at the notion of being sent to the school counsellor, because that would mean that they have a problem - and a psychological or mental problem for that matter. the kind of damage and hurt that is inflicted onto the student is more that what you can imagine.this explains why i'm very reluctant to send my students to the school counsellor straightaway. even if it was left as a last resort, i think the teacher plays a very crucial role in introducing the counsellor to the student. some form of damage control, if you would like to put it that way. after all, the student usually feels more comfortable with the teacher than the counsellor. if the teacher is able to convince the student enough, in as mild a way as possible, that he has a problem that he needs to solve, then half the battle is won already. so, in a nutshell, sending the student straight to the counsellor is an easy, but necessary the best way out. there are too many side-effects in this easy method.and people will then complain that this is yet another increase in the teachers' workload.i know teaching doesn't just involve preparing teaching materials and teaching in class. there's cca involvements, school events, projects, and the list goes on. so why should the teacher be concerned about such matters, which could be conveniently passed on to the counsellor?well, teaching, or education, is out of love for the students. it involves more than just finishing the syllabus on time. at least for me, it is. i constantly look for the best way to ensure my students' needs are met. teachers are educators. it is the responsibility of teachers, therefore, to see that students try to solve their problems, with external help whenever necessary, and not simply push it away and say - it's their problem, not mine.i must admit i recognize that a teacher's load is getting increasingly heavy. and that's why i think it's time the ministry did something to review a teacher's workload - to consider what needs to be added and what needs to be removed or outsourced, all in the aim of maximising the student's welfare and learning abilities.and it doesn't take any random person who becomes minister to do this. it takes a group of dedicated, experienced educators who were once teachers, to spend time and look at how things have changed over time to do it. only then can both students and teachers benefit from the change that has taken too long to happen. 

8:11 pm
leave a comment (0)

start writing or my ink won't flow.
tuesday, june 21, 2011
well, i've got an academic writing exemption test coming up in less than 2 weeks time, so i thought i will make myself write something everyday, before i find myself getting stuck while doing the test. like what my hod of english used to say, if you don't write, your ink won't flow.i just finished marking the 2 sets of papers that i'm supposed to mark, so i'm just left with collating the marker's comments. pretty efficient i must say. i guess it's because it's something that i have motivation to work on, the next task at hand...is a different story.ok, to make myself feel better, i shall talk about my hokkaido trip. it's an awesome place, and i think everyone who makes a trip to japan should spend some time there. the scenery there is beautiful, think it will be even better when all the flowers blossom in july, or when everything is tinted white by the snow in winter. the next time i visit will be winter...i promise.well, the japanese are really the most polite group of people i've ever met. their service, and how they will bow upon you leaving the shop even if the item you bought is as insignificant as a pencil...just impresses me so much. language and communication proved to be a problem there at certain occasions, but we were lucky we met people who could speak chinese. in fact, we met this taiwanese who was on exchange in the minsu that we were staying in. awesome chap, and we exchanged many views on life in our own countries. on the point of how japanese are always so polite, he brought up a valid problem. because they are brought up to be polite, they will show no signs of displeasure, even if they are displeased or unhappy with your actions. this may seem polite at first sight, but if it drags on, not being candid and frank with one another may seem to be a kind of hypocrisy. okay, hypocrisy may be too serious a word, but you get my point.i guess what we can learn from this is that there probably won't be something that is perfectly good, nor perfectly bad. there are always 2 sides to everything. learning to accept things the way they are is key to understanding how the way the world functions as a whole.okay, enough for tonight.

11:45 pm
leave a comment (0)

hokkaido - day 1
sunday, june 12, 2011
note: i usually keep a journal when i'm overseas. since i loaned a laptop, i thought i might as well do today's entry on my blog. so, here goes.japan has always been a country i wanted to visit. i briefly transited in the country many years back, and that was the only time i landed my feet in the land of the rising sun. i have heard stories, wonderful stories about the japanese, and finally i get my chance to see for myself how wonderful the japanese are.i must say, i didn't have an excellent impression of the japanese, because of what i studied in my history lessons. however, that was a prejudice that i learnt to do without. i was glad that i realised we shouldn't allow history to determine how we feel about something; things change, so can perception.i must say the japanese are the most courteous people i have seen. they take pride in their work, and serve others with so much humility (in the positive sense) and respect that i don't see how someone can fail to feel their sincerity.it has to do with upbringing. and it shows, not only in everyday life, but in major events, such as the recent nuclear crisis. we have so much to learn from them, really.unfortunately, i think sapporo is a rather boring place. one day here and i'm feeling a little bored already. i guess it has to do with me and my dislike for cities. the food here is awesome though. and i sure am looking forward to the days i am going to spend in the countryside. till then. =) 

11:25 pm
leave a comment (0)

general elections
sunday, may 08, 2011
i have remained silent throughout the campaigning period. but i knew there was a great campaign going out there, and i knew singaporeans, especially those below the age of 35, are no longer as politically apathetic as we thought them to be. i am greatly encouraged by the active discussion going on the internet, and i hope this will not disappear with the end of the elections.indeed, history has be made. wp made a breakthrough; they proved to pap that the opposition could win a grc. however, at the same time, we lost 2 great leaders - foreign minister mr george yeo and opposition veteran mr chiam see tong. let us just hope that the progress in local politics can justify the loss of our foreign minister.singaporeans have spoken, the decision has been made. i think it is important that pap realises that they are no longer winning grcs by a great margin, especially in strongholds like marine parade, and that it is almost by luck that they won potong pasir. as the ruling party of singapore, they need to listen to singaporeans more, and change their approach towards grassroots matters. at the same time, the opposition needs to deliver what they have promised, otherwise their hard work would all go to vain.let's hope that the next 5 years will be a good one. and when the next elections come, we will all know if we have made the right decision.

3:10 pm
leave a comment (0)

stupid?
friday, april 08, 2011
it's amazing how after so many years, i'm still feeling the same way. i'm tired of being the one trying and giving. i try to make myself think of different ways, but i guess it's just too overwhelming. today, i was reminded that i spent all the bad times alone. yes, there were good times, time that i am reliving today. but i can't forget the bad ones, where i trudged through on my own. perhaps it was the wrong decisions made, perhaps there were many other reasons. and perhaps i should stop whining and start cracking.

9:37 pm
leave a comment (0)

bp day - awesome day with 105.
thursday, april 07, 2011
today's bp day - a new initiative by the school for class bonding. i volunteered to go with 105, and i must say it's an awesome experience. as compared to the main class activity, cheering competition, back in my days, i think this is a much better opportunity for class bonding. how many opportunities do you get to go out with the class and have fun and games the whole morning, with teachers and all students present? besides, the organising and planning for games and activities are good opportunities for the students to have hands-on experience that will prove to be valuable in the future. though it's a relatively new concept to them, i'm glad that everyone tried to put their differences aside and tried to make the event a successful and fun one. so kudos to the school's organising committee for bp day, and the students for coming up with so many ideas! on hindsight, there are so many learning points from bp day. students learn how to plan responsibly, work together as a team, and deal with different types of emotions - fatigue, frustration. and this is much better than any normal project work, because the students actually get to see the results of their labour. such learning is difficult to achieve in the classroom, and i think teachers should make use of this opportunity to guide their students along, so that they gain the most out of it. honestly, i hope bp day will be an annual event in bpghs. there may be hiccups here and there, but i believe with experience these can be avoided, and it will be a day everyone looks forward to. once again, kudos to everyone! =d

10:02 pm
leave a comment (0)

a mistake?

had an unhappy incident in school recently. i'm still very affected by it actually. what happened was i decided to give this particular experienced teacher feedback that the class has given me. this isn't the first time i'm doing this, but i guess this time round she took offence. this was how the conversation went. i made the feedback to her, which she didn't really take in. then she told me how she stoop herself to the 'low' level of the students, and how she actually was very upset over it because, quoting her, she is doing something that she knows is wrong and unprofessional. far enough. so i asked her, how would you conduct a lesson, given the same topic. and she gave me a description of how she would do it. it is a good paedology - lots of thinking involved. however, this method alone doesn't suit all classes. so i suggested to her that she could tweak the plan a bit to suit the needs of different classes. once again, it did not get in. i don't know how the conversation went on, but the next thing we talked about was her asking me to teach the class, which of course i rejected. she said she wanted to observe my teaching and learn from me. i'm not sure if that is a dig on me and my lack of experience. whichever the case, i told her that i won't; i would rather spend the remaining time helping the class adapt to her teaching, because after all she's the one who's going to see her through the year. and she didn't get it, either. so i practically wasted my half an hour talking to her. fine. but what disappointed me was that she went to complain about me to another teacher, saying things like 'i did not offend him, why did he have to do this.' and so on. i told the same teacher that it is ironic that she is complaining about how she doesn't like it when other teachers and students say 'lies' behind her back, when she's doing the exact same thing to me. so much for double standards. sadly, it is this kind of teachers that make me rethink about teaching as a career. i guess the real world isn't as rosy as it seems; there are so many complications, so many issues. like what most of the other teachers think, i believe that students should not be discouraged, or worse, be made to give up a certain subject because of a teacher. they should be independent learners, and try their best to not give up on the subject. and yet this shows the power of a teacher - he can make or break a subject. so i am telling the class, and will continue to tell them not to give up - with the correct attitude nothing is too difficult. hopefully they will understand the picture one day. sigh.

9:32 pm
leave a comment (0)

reflection.
tuesday, march 22, 2011
i realise teaching is a profession that requires constant reflection. everyday, i find myself thinking about the lessons i've had with my classes, and asking myself if there is any way to improve the way i conduct the lesson, so that the students learn more, and hopefully have fun as well.i also make it a point to obtain feedback from the students, because i believe that teaching is not just the teacher delivering content. teaching is a subtle art; it involves not just the introduction of new concepts, but also facilitation of the students' learning process and meeting their needs. once the students feel that their learning needs are met, they will feel happy to be in the class, and the lesson will become very effective for learning. it's a positive cycle, so building this right from the start is important.this brings me to the point of morale. i think it is important to raise the students' morale. i've been to a class whose morale for a particular subject is very low, and i find most of them giving up totally, despite it being their final year. i don't exactly blame them, but i think that it is sad that such a thing is happening. a teacher, as i said, should not be just concerned about teaching content and setting killer papers, it is also encouraging the students and making them confident about themselves.one last point about independent learning. i think independent learning comes about when students attempt questions or tasks that require application on their own, and then asking when they face difficulties. this is what i mean by teachers facilitating students' learning. however, i believe strongly the foundation should be taught and explained in the simplest manner possible. if they are supposed to read everything on their own at home, then what is the point of going to school and attending class?to me, the ideal case should be as such: the students get the handout or notes before the lesson proper, and are told to read before the lesson. during the lesson, the teacher explains the concepts in the simplest way possible. along the way, the teacher can include real life applications and/or little tasks that make the students think, given their knowledge on the subject matter. if possible, approaches to tackling the topic should be taught. then, independent learning starts. students are given assignments or tasks to work on their own, and in the process, they learn.i have met a fellow teacher who believes that the ideal case is for students to learn a theory from the conduct of experiments. while i think this certainly is a good way to learn, especially in the case of science, this may not be the most practical and feasible method. first and foremost, it's time constrain. let's face it, at the end of secondary 4, there is o levels staring right at us. there really isn't time to do experiments all the time. and with a rowdy class, the effectiveness of such a method leaves much to be desired. another important constrain is the lack of background knowledge. a important assumption in such a model of teaching is that the students actually do have a lot of such background knowledge. however, this is not true of the majority of the students. before we actually start the experiements, it is important to equip the students with the background information, which more often than not involves foundation concepts. and who says such concepts and information will not spark off the inquisitive minds of our students?there is so much to share, but for today i will stop here. more of this the next time.

8:45 pm
leave a comment (0)

teaching.
sunday, march 20, 2011
just had a chat over facebook with two of my students. got to know them better in the process.10 weeks as a relief teacher, the sense of wanting to teach when i graduate just keeps coming back to me. the sense of satisfaction that you get from seeing that your students learn, not just content knowledge, but about life is not something you get from other careers. you touch people's lifes, and hopefully make a positive impact.of course there are things i don't agree with, but in life you can never have the best of both worlds. it's good enough that you are doing what you want, not just for the money, but for the interest, and even better, for the passion.on a side note, i've been looking at vacation destinations. i'm thinking of doing volunteering, would be quite awesome i think. of course there are alot of views on this. what is important is to do what you believe in...and not go against your values and beliefs.another 10 more weeks as a teacher. hopefully it would be a good one. =)

11:09 pm
leave a comment (0)

a price too high?
saturday, march 19, 2011
a price too high?by bob herbertpublished: march 18, 2011catastrophes happen. no one thought the interstate 35w bridge across the mississippi river in minneapolis would collapse. no one thought the gulf of mexico would be fouled to the horrible extent that it was by the bp oil spill. the awful convergence of disasters in japan — a 9.0 earthquake followed by a tsunami and a devastating nuclear power emergency — seemed almost unimaginable. worst-case scenarios unfold more frequently than we’d like to believe, which leads to two major questions regarding nuclear power that americans have an obligation to answer. first, can a disaster comparable to the one in japan happen here? the answer, of course, is yes — whether caused by an earthquake or some other event or series of events. nature is unpredictable and human beings are fallible. it could happen. so the second question is whether it makes sense to follow through on plans to increase our reliance on nuclear power, thus heightening the risk of a terrible problem occurring here in the united states. is that a risk worth taking? concern over global warming has increased the appeal of nuclear power, which does not produce the high levels of greenhouse gases that come from fossil fuels. but there has been a persistent tendency to ignore the toughest questions posed by nuclear power: what should be done with the waste? what are the consequences of a catastrophic accident in a populated area? how safe are the plants, really? why would taxpayers have to shoulder so much of the financial risk of expanding the nation’s nuclear power capacity, an effort that would be wildly expensive? a big part of the problem at japan’s fukushima daiichi power station are the highly radioactive spent fuel rods kept in storage pools at the plant. what to do, ultimately, with such dangerous waste material is the nuclear power question without an answer. nuclear advocates and public officials don’t talk about it much. denial is the default position when it comes to nuclear waste. in new york, gov. andrew cuomo said again this week that the 40-year-old indian point nuclear power plant in westchester county, 35 miles north of new york city, should be closed. try to imagine the difficulty, in the event of an emergency, of evacuating such an area with its millions of residents. “this plant in this proximity to new york city was never a good risk,” said the governor. there are, blessedly, very few catastrophic accidents at nuclear power plants. and there have not been many deaths associated with them. the rarity of such accidents provides a comfort zone. we can look at the low probabilities and declare, “it can’t happen here.” but what if it did happen here? what would the consequences be? if indian point blew, how wide an area and how many people would be affected, and what would the cleanup costs be? rigorously answering such questions is the only way to determine whether the potential risk to life and property is worthwhile. the 104 commercial nuclear plants in the u.s. are getting old, and many have had serious problems over the years. there have been dozens of instances since 1979, the year of the three mile island accident, in which nuclear reactors have had to be shut down for more than a year for safety reasons. building new plants, which the obama administration favors, can be breathtakingly expensive and requires government loan guarantees. banks are not lining up to lend money on their own for construction of the newest generation of indian points. in addition to the inherent risks with regard to safety and security, the nuclear industry has long been notorious for sky-high construction costs, feverish cost-overruns and projects that eventually are abandoned. the union of concerned scientists, in a 2009 analysis of the costs associated with nuclear plant construction, said that once a plant came online it usually led to significant rate increases for customers: “ratepayers bore well over $200 billion (in today’s dollars) in cost overruns for completed nuclear plants. in the 1990s, legislators and regulators also allowed utilities to recover most ‘stranded costs’ — the difference between utilities’ remaining investments in nuclear plants and the market value of those plants — as states issued billions of dollars in bonds backed by ratepayer charges to pay for utilities’ above-market investments.” the refrain here is familiar: “the total cost to ratepayers, taxpayers and shareholders stemming from cost overruns, canceled plants and stranded costs exceeded $300 billion in today’s dollars.” nuclear power is hardly the pristine, economical, unambiguous answer to the nation’s energy needs and global warming concerns. it offers benefits and big-time shortcomings. ultimately, the price may be much too high.  a column from the new york times.i don't exactly disagree with it, but what struck me is how short-sighted it is. yes, nuclear power isn't the perfect solution to our energy needs, and probably will never be. now, people can say that the costs for using nuclear power may be too high to bear. but what can we say, or do, when there is no longer fossil fuels left for us to burn? do we even have a choice then?we need alternatives, and responsible ones for that.do something, before it is all too late. don't seek the easy way out.

11:34 pm
leave a comment (0)

japan.
thursday, march 17, 2011
my heartfelt condolences to the japanese.a 9.0 magnitude earthquake, and the tsunamis and nuclear meltdown that followed - all these could easily destroy a community.but the japanese stood strong. their preparedness in dealing with the earthquake and the tsunami, and their calmness in dealing with the aftermath have more than just awed the world. there has been virtually no looting despite the shortage of food; some newspapers even reported that some japanese actually chose not to take everything that was available so that people at the back of the queue would not go home empty-handed.i think the people who are more concerned with how the earthquake will affect bond prices, interest rates and all should be ashamed of themselves. we have a community who is struggling to survive, and yet some are not a little interested in how we can help them. has society and capitalism in general turned us into selfish and insensitive people? probably.just a little note on the nuclear meltdown that resulted from the earthquake.i have never believed in finding the perfect alternative for energy. i think it is extremely naive to believe that we can one day find a main source of energy that has completely no impact on the environment. everything has its risks and negative impacts. burning of fossil fuels releases carbon dioxide, which causes global warming. harnessing energy from water is never an easy task- never belittle the power of water. the safest may be solar energy, but till today it is nowhere near to replacing fossil fuels as the main source of energy. and nuclear energy, the best alternative thus far - look at what happened in japan. but does that mean we should completely give up on nuclear energy? the reality is, fossil fuels are going to run out in 30-50 years time, even if we decide to completely ignore the impacts of using them to generate electricity. what will happen then, once the last drop of fossil fuel is burnt? survive without electricity? pray that another alternative which can supply the world with the same power will appear within this next 50 years? don't be silly.reality is often cruel and harsh. but that does not give us reason to not face the problem, and run away from it. the truth is, fossil fuels are not going to last us forever. we need alternative sources of energy, and preferably cleaner forms, to replace fossil fuels. and nuclear energy is one that has the most potential. despite the unfortunate incident in japan, i think countries should not halt their nuclear pojects. rather, what they could try to do, is to examine the risks of using nuclear energy and try to minimize the possible accidents and impacts of such usage.something so simple to understand, yet so difficult to achieve. vested interests, politics, what else?sometimes i wonder, what has the world come to?

10:49 pm
leave a comment (0)

it's been a long long time.
monday, march 07, 2011
how time flies. it's already week 10 of term 1, and looking at the things i want to accomplish, i'm still pretty far behind. sigh. been a busy two weeks in school, taking up a full-time teacher's load plus my own. and i realise that when you are over-stretched, you can't do your job as well as before. much as i try, when fatigue sets in i just don't perform as well. hope my students are not shortchanged. it's just 3 more days to go. i will be optimistic. been reading quite abit on the middle east. really pretty interesting. and now i understand the saying - the more you know, the lesser you know. ah, the irony of life. cheers!

8:45 pm
leave a comment (0)

chinese new year
thursday, february 03, 2011
it's chinese new year once again..a supposedly happy occassion. but looking at the floods in australia and the uprising in egypt, it probably isn't a great way to start the year. egypt is a interesting case study though...especially when i'm reading on civilisations and the like, this would be worth reading into. on a more personal note, chinese new year could never be worse. spent the first day doing next to nothing, and the same would probably happen for the next few days. i suppose it has become a reality that chinese new years from now on would be like that, and i've learnt to accept it, much as i don't want to. it's difficult to do a post when a super silly movie is screening on channel 8. oh well. at least i've got a purpose now. a good job, and something good to read. after the genre on civilisation, i probably will move on to economics - maybe more on keynes, and then back to stocks and financial instruments. i don't have alot of time left, hopefully i can finish these within the next 5 months i have. ok...it's shorter than expected, but i will stop here.  happy chinese new year everyone!

11:31 pm
leave a comment (0)

third week of school.
friday, january 21, 2011
third week of school has just ended, and i'm already starting to feel the drain. it certainly isn't easy being a teacher. as a relief teacher, my workload is half, or even lesser than a normal teacher. but there's always never ending work - lesson preparation, marking to do, and the list goes on. and you have appear in front of the class energized, and come up with all kinds of activities to keep the class engaged. and that's why i really respect the senior teachers. after so many years, they are still doing so much for the students, and not let their fatigue bodies affect their work. this is what i called professionalism. what i have done in the past three weeks really pales in comparison... as a new teacher, i struggle with many issues. i believe teaching is a career that requires experience; with time you learn and you find the best technique for each class that you teach.  there is so much to do, so much to learn. i see everyday as a new challenge, and although the job is tiring, i'm glad i chose it.  and i see the importance of loving the job you do. =)

5:50 pm
leave a comment (0)

happy 2011.
monday, january 10, 2011
it's been a long time since i last posted. before my taiwan trip if memory hasn't failed me. taiwan was fun, though it ended on a slightly lower note...i've started my job as a relief teacher at my secondary school, and am settling down pretty well. i've both my own classes and classes that i co-teach with another teacher. it's a good start, and i look forward to the next half of the year.today was the release of o level results. was kind of a deja vu experience for me. was reminded of the fond past...how everything was cool, cosy and all. well, last year's batch performed well, pushing the school back to band 1. congrats!this next half of the year will be spent pursuing my interests and doing what i want to do. i will cherish this half year, because i probably will not get such a long holiday for the rest of my life.

10:20 pm
leave a comment (0)

a job found and lost.
friday, december 10, 2010
since hardly anyone reads my blog, i will just post it here.less than two hours into my waitering job, i lost it. i agreed to swop groups with one guy, got discovered by a supervisor, who happened to be a ex warrant officer in e army, and then got told to go home.i wouldn't say if it's army way of thinking, it probably is, but i guess that's how cruel the corporate world is. one mistake, and you may lose your job. i'm lucky this is just a temp job, which i no longer need to report to work after this incident.i've always wanted to be a waiter, and i was this close  to becoming one. i've learnt alot from e briefing by one of the supervisors, what i really lack is just the practical.would i apply for another waitering job? probably not. even if i do, it won't be the same hotel.now i understand why people say studying is better than working, and why some say they wanna be their own boss. it really doesn't feel good to be working under someone. makes me ponder upon my career options..so another wish down. like in the movie rapezuel, you look for a new dream once your old one is realised. and that's what i'm going to do.

11:50 pm
leave a comment (0)

melbourne, victoria. the place to be. simply awesome!
monday, november 29, 2010
ok, enough of procrastination and rotting. i've found myself a job from tomorrow to friday, so i thought i better get started on this and finish it, before this post never materializes.this post is going to be mostly words, photos will be via a link to those posted on facebook (it's a hassle to post photos on blogger - disappointed that it hasn't changed after so long.) and so the awesome story begins.day 1 & 2 photos: http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=255808&id=525583158&l=21b6e2b9f6 day 1 - singapore - melbourne - philip islandso it all begins at changi airport, where we took a night flight to melbourne, arriving the next morning. emirates is a good airline to fly, good food, inflight entertainment and service. after getting the much needed calling card, we took a airport shuttle, star bus (return for a$26), to southern cross station, where we transferred to a v-line bus to cowes, philip island, via khoo wee rup. that should be the fastest and cheapest way to cowes: the journey took about 2 hours, and cost a$10.50, if i'm not mistaken.upon arrival, we hunted for our accommodation, cowes caravan park. it's about 10-15min walk away from the central, but that meant that it's quiet and peaceful. there were huge houses along the way...not a bad place to retire. after dumping our bags, we took a walk along the beach back to cowes. awesome view i must say.cowes, unfortunately, is a rather boring place. we walked around alittle, and then decided to head to the penguin parade. it was quite a mistake, because there's really nothing there, except the cute fairy penguins of course. we travelled by taxi, which is the cheapest way if you go in a group and did not follow a day tour to the penguin parade. there's a bus shuttle which will bring you to the venue at a stipulated time and bring you back to cowes once it ends, but it's rather expensive, a$15 per pax. the taxi meter jumps at a crazy speed, but with 7 of us each paid less than a$10 return. and after looking at the cute penguins come to shore at dusk (it was really cold), we headed back to rest.day 2 - philip island - stony point - frankston - sorrento, mornington peninsulawe woke up early to catch the inter-island ferry to stony point. we got a shock initially as the jetty was pretty abandoned, less a few people fishing there. the only ticketing booth was closed. it turned out that tickets were sold on board the ferry, at a$10 (or somewhere there) each. and we happily boarded the ferry. but - if the previous night's sea breeze was cold, this was say 10 times worse? we sat at the uncovered section of the ferry. served us right, but if given another choice i would take the same seat. it was a freezing 45min ride before we arrived at stony point, where we then transferred to the metro to frankston. it was a quick half an hour journey. we had breakfast there, before taking a bus to sorrento, which cost a$6 per person, with the journey lasting about an hour and a half.once again it was checking out the accommodation - yha sorrento - first. it wasn't too far off the town centre, and we met a canadian traveller there, who gave us abit of information. the reception gave us ideas on what to do, and what good and cheap food there is at sorrento. we had 2 family rooms with a shared toilet. it was comfortable, the only problem was the toilet - 7 of us had to share one.we decided to do one of the trekking trails, which is about 4km, and then walk a bit to portsea. the view along the trail is gorgeous, and we spent the time just playing along the beach and enjoying the scenery. the final part of the trail was through forests, which seemed a little like bashing to us. but the scenery was awesome, so it was all worth it. by the time we arrived at portsea it's about 5, too late for snorkelling or any other sea sports. it was a pity, but not everyone wanted to do it, so i guess it wasn't that disappointing. and the water was cold, it kinda deterred us from trying also. we were tired and hungry by then, so we took a bus back to sorrento (a$3 per person, expensive) and had pizza, as recommended by the hostel's reception. it's like one of the few shops open in the evening, so it's easy to find. really good and cheap.day 3 and 4 photos -album 1 http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=255824&id=525583158&l=2e2ac508baalbum 2 http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=256049&id=525583158&l=985914e4cdalbum 3 http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=256078&id=525583158&l=50d8d68936day 3 - mornington peninsula day tour - melbourneafter two days of moving around on our own, we decided to follow day tours by bunyip. the first one was through parts of mornington that were either unaccessible by public transport or places that were not that well heard of. the bus picked us up from our hostel at about 9.30am, and then the tour began! first we were brought to fort nepean nature park, where a quarantine centre and army fortress was situated. really good views of the sea once again, though the weather kinda spoiled things a little. the transporter at the park was really cool; it's driven by a tractor. we then went to the hot springs. we didn't enjoy the hotsprings of course, but we did enjoy a foot reflexology walk and a foot bath. really relaxing after 2 days of walking. no photos, because of privacy. had lunch there too. we then stopped briefly at a strawberry farm, and bought some strawberries (they weren't as sweet as we thought they would be). no strawberry picking because it's not the season. then we headed to a vineyard for a wine tasting session. we had mixed response to the wine that we were served; i think it was pretty good. the final stop was ashcombe maze and lavender gardens. we had great fun with the mazes there, really fun and interesting. and the flowers there are just beautiful - especially the lavenders and dasies.the day tour was disappointing because we were expecting to go places like cape schank, point nepean and arthurs' seat, as indicated on their website. but i guess the great service and the maze gardens came as a pleasant surprise to all of us. plus we already had 2 days of great views, of the lack of scenic views didn't come as much of a loss.we arrived back at melbourne just in time for dinner. so we dropped into one of the chinese restaurants near our serviced apartment - more on that in the next paragraph. it turned out that the owner is a singaporean who migrated to melbourne thirty years ago. her restaurant is celebrating 29th anniversary, and i guess partly because we're singaporeans, she gave us a great deal - 6 dishes + dessert for a$19 per pax. really worth it. and when she brought out a handkerchief with a map of singapore and pointed out where she stayed, which was jurong - she really looked like she was about to cry. must be really emotional for her.and our serviced apartment for our stay in melbourne - knightsbridge apartments. really clean and comfortable, and a quick 15min walk to the city central. and it's affordable, we paid an average of a$50 per pax per night for our entire stay. the only disappointing part was the wifi which didn't work. if you are there only for the wifi, then i would suggest that you choose a hotel instead.day 4 - great ocean drive tourthis is a highlight for most people who go to melbourne, and i must say the views are spectacular, if not awesome. some of my friends preferred the views of the sea on day 2, but i say it's subjective. we followed bunyip again, for they give us free vouchers, including free entry to the melbourne aquarium, eureka skydeck and river cruise, with every 2 day tours booked. really great savings for people who are on budget.so we left our apartment as early as 6.30am, and only returned at 9pm, clocking a total of 560km in a day. really amazing. just a side note, it's best not to follow this tour on a friday if you are shopping, as shops in melbourne close at 9pm on fridays, the latest in the entire week.our first stop is a lighthouse, a typical white coloured one you see in movies. well, as a matter of fact, it did appear in a tv serial before. along the way, we stopped at a few scenic lookouts for photographs. our tour guide was really good. having done the tour so many times, she knew where the best lookouts were located, and what time to go to which attraction so that we could attract the crowds. she's really an amazing woman. at a young age of 31, she's been to so many places, worked at so many parts of australia, and even in spain. really courageous, really admirable.then it was lunch at a park, where wild koalas, parrots, kookabaras were found almost everywhere. although lunch was just a simple sandwich, eating together with the wildlife is an awesome feeling. moving on, more scenic lookouts, a rainforest that hid a waterfall - timely walk to wake all of us up from the travelling, and the final 3 key attractions of the great ocean drive - the london bridge, the loch ard and the twelve apostles (though only 7 is left). i took the helicopter ride, which cost a$75, and i tell you the views from above is just spectacular. it was worth every cent. if you are the adventurous type, you could follow a walking tour, the great ocean walk, which will cover you from apollo bay, somewhere mid-point of the drive, to the twelve apostles. it will take a total of 6-7 days to cover 100+km, covering an average of 22km per day. my amazing tour guide did such tours before, and said it's really a good way to see the place.and we bade the place goodbye. with the sunset behind us, it really was a enjoyable day tour, with lots of great scenic views. the best 560km i've travelled in my life.day 5 - 9 photos (cont'd from album 3)http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=256078&id=525583158&l=50d8d68936http://www.facebook.com/album.php?aid=256092&id=525583158&l=0510270e39day 5 - melbourne: cbdwe decided to spend the entire day exploring the central business district (cbd). a bit of introduction - melbourne, especially the cbd, is a very walkable place. everything is in grid form, so it's very easy to find your way. and if you are feeling lazy and don't feel like walking, there's always the city circle tram (tram 35) and free tourist shuttle bus that you can make use of. either one brings you to key attractions within melbourne.our first stop was st paul's cathedral, which is just next to federation square and flinders street station, all 3 iconic of melbourne's cbd. after which, we walked to bourke street to have breakfast at pancake parlour - really awesome pancakes! the shortstack (2pancakes) cost a$9.90, which is rather pricey, so be sure to bring the vouchers that give 1 for 1. the vouchers should be available in most apartments. if not, try the breakfast meals instead. bacon and eggs with 2 pancakes at a$15. definitely more worth it.we then took the free tram back to fed square, and explored centre for the moving image. cool exhibits, but no photo taking. we walked to federation wharf, by the yarra river, where all the river cruises are located. we decided against going for one even though we had the vouchers - it's one hour, and we could easily walk by the river in less than half the time. so we continued walking along flinders street, and went into the melbourne aquarium. king penguins, and lot's of other kinds of animals. really awesome.we then popped to duty factory outlet (dfo) at southwharf, which was just across flinders street. the shops close darn early there, so we only had one hour to shop. it's a huge shopping centre, with many brands going on clearance sales. the things are not cheap in absolute terms, but if you think in terms of quality and the price of those brands in singapore, it's definitely worth the buy. the bad thing though - many things are out of size, especially the pants.then it was dinner. we were walking along town and didn't know what to eat. so we just popped into this really posh restaurant cum bar, and it turned out to be a surprise fine dining experience. we weren't the richest kids, so we made do with only the main course and a bottle of wine. it was worth it actually, we paid from a$30 - a$40, depending on our main course, and the food was delicious, not to say the least. you can never get a fine dining experience in singapore at this price.the sun sets only at 8+, so we were just on time for the sunset at eureka skydeck after dinner. really awesome view from above, and we were glad we caught the sunset. we then walked along yarra river to federation square and to a street where ding dong lounge, a pub with live bands was located. good band performances, and good and cheap beer. had a great night's out with my gang.day 6 - queen victoria market, st kilda's beachwe took the free tourist shuttle bus to queen victoria market. it's a huge market, with stalls selling everything from general retail, to fresh food to cooked food. we did breakfast and lunch there - the hotdogs are real good. leave half a day to really complete the market, but note that it's closed on mondays and wednesdays.we then took the free shuttle bus to st kilda's, where we passed by the shrine and the royal botanic gardens. we chose to walk all the way to st kilda beach, which took us an hour and a half including breaks. there's always a tram you could take at a$2.80, which is really fast. gets you there in less than 10min?st kilda's beach is a really busy place. as the weather is getting warmer, there are many people sun-tanning, walking dogs, doing water sports. and it's a crazy party place at night, with so many pubs and night spots. it may get abit dodgy at night, so leave before the sun sets if you don't want to be caught in it. that's what we did, we left after dinner at one of the restaurants there. pretty awesome western food, at a reasonable price.we took a tram back to cbd because we were all tired, and i must say the tram drivers there are humourous. they do communicate with the passengers via a pa system, and their comments are really funny. and the machine to buy the metlink tickets is down, so we ended up taking the tram for free. kudos to the tram driver!day 7 - state library, old melbourne gaol, shopping at smith street, dinner at lygon streetstate library was our first stop. cool dome-shape architecture, good exhibits, and extremely condusive for studying. old melbourne gaol is just nearby, it costs a$21 to get in, do get the 15percent voucher card if you can. inside, you get to see how the very recently closed prison works. there's this guided part where you get treated as criminals, which is quite interesting.moving on, we walked to smith street, another duty factory outlet, where all the sports brands concentrate. it's not a shopping centre though, it's a street with many shops next to each other. what caught our attention, however, is not the sports outlets, but this shop called lost & found. you can find lots of vintage stuff there, from cameras to clothes to gramophone discs. some of my friends spent 2 hours in there. there's also other flea shops along the street; i got a pair of 2nd hand d&g jeans for a$10. if you're meticulous enough, there're lots of hidden bargains to e found. they close at 6pm, so be there early.dinner was at lygon street, the famed street that sells awesome italian food. tourists beware though, we got touted there when we were looking at their prices. decide on which restaurants you want to go to, and go straight in. we ended up in doc, a pizza shop out of lygon street. it's opened by native italians, so it's really good. other restaurants to recommed is dolce freddo, which is closed on mondays, and a shop that has ferrari decorations all over. for ice cream/coffee/hot choc, brunetti is a good choice. we then took a half an hour walk back to our apartment. day 8 - shopping at dfo southwharf, spencer streettoday is shopping day! we spent the entire day at 2 dfos, firstly at southwharf, which houses the bigger one, and secondly at spencer street, located just above of southern cross station. my friends had dinner at a spanish restaurant, while i met up with a old friend. my friends said it wasn't that bad, but was a little pricey. maybe because of the sparkling water - if you want plain water, say you want tap. just a small tip.day 9 - final shopping + coffee at degraves streetthe pancakes at pancake parlour was so good, we went back for the second time. and then it was shopping. some of us went back to spencer street, some to chinatown to get nougats (slightly cheaper than singapore), and some went to the casino at crowne plaza. our last stop was degraves street, a small lane very near to federation square. it's a street famous for designer coffee, a cup of mocha only costs a$3.50, and it's really good.and that ends our trip at melbourne. it's a good place to be, good scenic views are just less than an hour's drive away. i thoroughly enjoyed the trip, hope my friends feel the same.i hope this post will be useful to those who are looking to go to melbourne in the near future. if you need any clarifications just leave me a comment, i will try my best to answer. =)labels: travel

1:33 pm
leave a comment (0)

back from awesome melbourne!
thursday, november 25, 2010
yesh, after 10 days of holiday, i'm back from melbourne. i wanted to do a full fletched post on this trip, but thought i would do a short one first while i'm waiting for my photos to load.i must say it's an awesome place to be, and a definitely great and enjoyable holiday. and one of my best birthday presents ever. the views, the wildlife, the sea, the food, the shopping, and of course not forgetting the great company.things were more expensive than what you can find in singapore, but service there is superb, which makes every cent spent there worthwhile. and the best thing about buying things there is that quality is assured, even with clearance sales. so it is unlikely that you receive goods with substandard quality. we got a couple of good deals there, and they were really worth the money.i will stop here for now, and leave the complete post for later. time to select photos for uploading! and did i not mention, i took no less than 1900 photos. =)

3:54 pm
leave a comment (0)



profile
teo yun hao aka bear
             peps - bpghs - ~jc - nsf - jobless
             nineteen going on twenty.
             cellist

information
wish list
             study overseas
             backpack some country 
             find the special someone 
             learn and buy cello
             learn japanese & french
             peace 

following
andrea
eng yian
justin
kwan ling
peiyi
sean
ziyang

archive
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
october 2011
november 2011
january 2012
june 2012
november 2012
december 2012
february 2013
march 2014
may 2014

credits
design: geng hao




