










home - nysaflt














































































































































facebookxinstagram 


home
about

executive committee
board of directors
committee chairs
staff
nysaflt regions & member organizations
awards
constitution
strategic plan
position statements
our policies


donate

100k for 100 years john d. carlino legacy fund
legacy giving


conferences

annual conference call for proposals
annual conference
summer institute
regional conferences
exhibitors


membership
publications

nysaflt connect archives
nysaflt newsletter

nysaflt newsletter archive


nysaflt journal

nysaflt journal archive


nysaflt annual conference publication archive


virtual workshops
resources
login – members only
contact
log out
search




menu


menu

 













following the passing of our beloved friend, esteemed leader and longtime executive director john carlino in january 2022, the nysaflt executive team and board of directors continue to ensure that our organization is functioning efficiently. the nysaflt 100k for 100 years john d. carlino legacy fund remains the best way to honor john by making donations in his name. with this fund, nysaflt will remember john and his vision to financially support projects and help solve problems that language teachers and leaders face. as we move forward along the pathway that john paved, his legacy will forever live on with the nysaflt 100k for 100 years john d. carlino legacy fund.

“john david carlino obituary.” the buffalo news, february 5, 2022.



join nowwhat do you get for your membership dollar?

free access to our annual webinar series (7 one-hour webinars)
subscriptions to the language association journal and nysaflt news.
invitations and  special registration fees for all conferences and workshops.
privileges of application for teacher and student scholarships, teacher incentive grants, and student awards.
access to our job placement service.
the opportunity to serve on a nysaflt committee.
opportunities to share experience and expertise with other professionals.
coordination with the state education department and the legislature for the best interests of the world language teaching profession.
opportunities for scholarships abroad, scholarships for your students, and scholarships to major events which we sponsor.
access to the members only site on the nysaflt website which allows you to view and download special information for nysaflt members only.



annual conferencefeeling inspired? submit a proposal!

virtual workshopscheck out the virtual workshops page and register for the upcoming workshops!  our annual series is free to members! thank you nyu/rbern for your generosity.

leadership initiative for language learning (lill)
become a memberjoin us today! become a member of nysaflt.

advocacyget involved! learn about advocacy efforts and how you can help.

all awards, scholarships and grantsmake an awards nomination or apply for a grant or scholarship today!

student excellence awardsrecognize your most outstanding students with a nysaflt award! exclusive to members. this award is the successor to the nysaflt fulvi awards.

100k for 100 years john d. carlino legacy fundwhen you donate to this fund, we hope you will remember the strong advocate, mentor, and friend john was to language teachers not only in new york but across the nation and beyond. we hope to continue to sustain nysaflt’s goals and activities to support language teachers and rise to their needs. help us reach our goal of building a 100k sustaining fund to support our mission in the next nysaflt century!

job placementbecome a member and see what job placements we have

leaders of tomorrow programare you considering taking the leap and taking on more leadership responsibilities?

virtual video contest
summer instituteclick here for more info about summer institute!


about us


the new york state association for language teachers was founded in 1917. its purpose was, and remains, to serve the needs of the profession dedicated to the development of world language skills and cultural awareness among students. the creation of nysaflt marked an important step in enabling schools to give their students an informed and sensitive global perspective in an era of international turmoil.


learn more
nysaflt missionnysaflt exists:

to promote the acquisition of languages and the exploration of cultural products, practices, and perspectives, as well as to support articulation at all levels of instruction
to provide opportunities for high-quality professional development and networking, by collaborating with local, state, and national organizations, while responding to the changing needs of the field
to include and embrace multiple perspectives, fostering student growth as global multilingual citizens
to advocate for the preservation and expansion of language acquisition programs
to recognize excellence in the world language education field


nysaflt vision
nysaflt strives to empower its members in supporting learners, as their authentic selves, on their multicultural journey to acquire languages.





   

contact us new york state association for language teachers, inc. (nysaflt)
148 n. greenbush rd, suite j
troy, ny 12180
716.836.3130
email is always the best way to reach us:
info@nysaflt.org

business hours nysaflt headquarters does not have regular hours, but we are almost always available by email to help!

member, jncl-nclis








click to load facebook widgetjoin our facebook communityfollowon xsubscribeto rss feed        view this profile on instagram            nysaflt, inc. (@nysaflt) • instagram photos and videos 





© copyright - nysaflt | site design: sp marketing & design, llc






scroll to top











































































