










territory golf club | minnesota golf courses | st. cloud mn public golf































































































































facebooktwitterinstagramyoutubemailrsse-club
tee times
call us at (320) 258-4653 


0shopping cartgolf

rates and policies
hole by hole drone flyover
gear
instruction & practice facility
score card
season pass holders only
about


advertising partners
coyote moon grille

dining
wedding receptions
banquets & meetings


tee times
buy online

online store
view my cart
my order history


contact





menu


menu

 






welcome to territory golf clubcentral minnesota´s premier golf destination
book a tee timecheck out tgc from aboveclick below to watch
tgc drone flyover tourpreviousnext12
territory golf club

territory golf club is a daily-fee public golf course that maintains playing conditions at levels that are common at the best private clubs. the expansive layout is highlighted by flowing elevation changes, water features, wide inviting fairways, huge undulating greens, natural wetlands and a meandering river. this fantastic topography provides a memorable golf experience.
located on the east side of st. cloud, just five minutes from downtown, territory golf club is conveniently north of highway 10; making it a great retreat for individuals that are coming from the twin cities.


book a tee time



course tour

explore our course


course outings

territory golf club is committed to providing the highest quality venue for golf events and dining in st cloud.  the clubhouse and golf course are unique to the area and backed by a superior facility, pristine course conditions, and outstanding guest services.  territory golf club specializes in coordinating with groups of all sizes, and creates truly memorable golf events – impress your guests!


golf outings

join our e-club



   

territory golf club 480 – 55th avenue se
st. cloud, mn 56304
tel: (320) 258-4653

latest from the bloggolf while givingjune 30, 2021 - 3:12 pmconnect with usopen facebook page nowjoin our facebook communityvisit the course





 copyright  territory golf club  powered by teesnap | privacy policy | terms of service | cookie policy | return policy
facebooktwitterinstagramyoutubemailrss






scroll to top



















































