




carnegie bosch institute























































skip to content







cbi



menu







cbi fellowship
our team
news
about us
research




search





search


search












apply now! carnegie bosch fellowships are two-year awards supporting outstanding postdoctoral researchers conducting high-potential research within the excellence-driven environment of cmu. offering benefits beyond ‘traditional’ postdoc roles, cbi fellows are provided with the resources, flexibility, and environment to address “grand challenge” style problems in line with their research vision. 








carnegie bosch institute
a world-class academic and industry collaboration for more than 30 years, cbi is a unique alliance between carnegie mellon university and bosch.  activities at cmu include hosting the prestigious carnegie bosch fellowship, supporting breakthrough research by providing funding for faculty, staff, and students, and providing ongoing support for carnegie bosch chaired professorships.




carnegie bosch institute
a world-class academic and industry collaboration for more than 30 years, cbi is a unique alliance between carnegie mellon university and bosch.  activities at cmu include hosting the prestigious carnegie bosch fellowship, supporting breakthrough research by providing funding for faculty, staff, and students, and providing ongoing support for carnegie bosch chaired professorships.





carnegie mellon university's college of engineering





cbi's linkedin profile












news






jan 21







meet cbi fellow chelsea wang 
            	                 			    

wang is working to design ai systems that can responsibly account for people’s changing social perceptions of ai during human-ai interactions.
    					          				    












jan 13







shared research interests bring faculty together with a cbi fellow: meet cbi faculty hosts hong shen and jodi forlizzi 
            	                 			    

meet host faculty members hong shen and jodi forlizzi, who are working with cbi fellow qiaosi wang on guiding the design of next-generation human-ai interactions. 
    					          				    











jan 07







cryptography for social good: meet lisa masserova 
            	                 			    

cbi fellow lisa masserova is working with elaine shi from cmu's computer science department to use cryptography to improve the security-related aspects of existing systems, and enable new, exciting use cases for social good.
    					          				    








more news from     		carnegie bosch institute					


 
 
 







carnegie mellon university5000 forbes avepittsburgh, pa 15213412-268-8683cbi@andrew.cmu.edu











2020 carnegie mellon university / legal
2025 carnegie mellon university / legal









