




 





npam - empowering nurse practitioners in manitoba





















































please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.


 



x




free vaccine resources and virtual simulations experiences for vaccine promoters and providers are now available. 







skip to main content





 




members login


about npam

 




about npam
leadership and teamannual reportscall for board membersmedia releasescontact us
vaccine hesitancy





 




nurse practitioners

 




nurse practitioners
find a nurse practitionerhow to become a npnurse practitioner spotlight
active campaign





 




membership

 




membership
npam membershipmember benefitsstudentsjoin now
renew your membership!





 




education

 




education
student resourcesvaccine hesitancybrochures, posters & fact sheetspodcasts
active campaign





 




news & events

 




news & events
newseventsnpam conferencenpam awardsstudent scholarshipspast conferences
npam 2024 conference





 

















 





home
about

leadership and team
call for board members
contact npam
advocacy
media releases


nurse practitioners

find a nurse practitioner
how to become an np


memberships

join now
member benefits
renew your npam membership


education

vaccine hesitancy
students
journals publications
brochures, posters & fact sheets
podcasts


news & events

news
events
past conferences


 


members login



facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
 














nurse practitioners are here for you in manitoba
established in 1998, the nurse practitioner association of manitoba endeavours to educate the public and stakeholders on the role of nurse practitioners in manitoba.
about nurse practitioners


 





free simulation experiences that tackle vaccine hesitancy.
you can choose the simulation that best reflects your experiences with understanding vaccine hesitancy, immunization myths, approaches to initiating a discussion on vaccination, or complete all four! (approximately 20 minutes to complete)
about vaccine hesitancy


 







 







get your 2024 npam membership
nurse practitioners supporting nurse practitioners! choose an association, that represents you.


 











vaccine hesitancy education and resources
free vaccine resources and virtual simulations experiences for vaccine promoters and providers.


 









 



npam membership
education, advocacy, and mobilizing
npam is the only nurse association in manitoba that addresses nurse practitioner policy to advance safe quality patient care.



 




become a
npam member




learn more about
nurse practitioner




 





news & events
latest from npam







np spotlight 

np spotlight – chandra hawkins
february 26, 2024







npam news 

npam conference 50/50 winner
october 26, 2024







np spotlight 

np spotlight – vicki irwin
july 8, 2024







media releases 

np meeting with honourable minister asagwara








np spotlight 

np spotlight – ashley carruthers
june 3, 2024







browse all news






partners





















 


follow us on instagramfollow us 
  




                                                         





 






                                                         





 






                                                         





 





                                                         





 





                                                         





 

 




 








about npamnurse practitionersmembershipeducationnews & eventscontactmembers login

facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter

 


stay informed

stay in the know and subscribe to receive information on membership, upcoming education sessions and more.



first name





last name





email address: 
		



postal code




leave this field empty if you're human: 
 


contact info

email: npam@nursepractitioner.cafax: 1-888-236-3319

land acknowledgement:

we acknowledge we are gathered on treaty 1 territory and that manitoba is located on the treaty territories and ancestral lands of the anishinaabeg, anishininewuk, dakota oyate, denesuline and nehethowuk nations. we acknowledge manitoba is located on the homeland of the red river métis. we acknowledge northern manitoba includes lands that were and are the ancestral lands of the inuit. we respect the spirit and intent of treaties and treaty making and remain committed to working in partnership with first nations, inuit and métis people in the spirit of truth, reconciliation and collaboration. in addressing a call to action see a 5 minute educational video at our path to reconciliation.
 




©2025 nurse practitioner association of manitoba. all rights reserved. sitemap | privacy policy





















