




  

















atlanta bankruptcy lawyer | georgia debt relief attorney | berry & associates
















 









close menu


menu
call
email
visit

atlanta
jonesboro
dalton
rome
gainesville
conyers
newnan
duluth
cartersville
kennesaw
douglasville
blue ridge


search






free consultation
file for no money down


new clients
404-235-3328
existing clients
404-235-3300











home
bankruptcy info
chapter 7
chapter 13
our team

matt berry
susan hudson senay
kelly thomas
carrie oxendine


client testimonials
faqs
contact us









no money down bankruptcy to stop...

foreclosure
garnishment
lawsuits
repossession
collection calls













bankruptcy info center


chapter 7 process
chapter 13 process
you’re not alone
bankruptcy myths


repairing your credit
loan modification
faq’s
terms & vocabulary













georgia bankruptcy lawyers
providing chapter 7 and chapter 13 help in atlanta and throughout the state
while the economy is better than it was ten years ago, it’s still very easy for good people to run into financial trouble.  common problems that result in high debt include:

unexpected accidents that produce high medical bills.
disabilities and illness that prevent working outside the home.
credit card accounts with high interest rates.
investments in businesses that fail to produce adequate revenue.

but there is help. with over 30 years of consumer experience, and the combined knowledge of 11 bankruptcy lawyers, berry & associates is prepared to help individuals and families find the fresh start they need and deserve.
choosing a georgia consumer bankruptcy attorney
the best way to receive chapter 7 or chapter 13 help is to start by selecting an attorney who understands the details of federal and state law, as well as the local rules and procedures for filing for bankruptcy in your area. the attorneys at berry & associates provide the help you need by identifying the type of bankruptcy that is best for your financial situation and handling every step of process… from filing to plan confirmation to discharge. with our help, you have an excellent opportunity to protect your assets and ensure a bright future, including dealing with issues like how to…

keep your home, car, and most valued possessions.
stop wage garnishment and reductions from your paycheck.
eliminate debt, including taxes and second mortgages on your home.
protect the future of your small business.
stop vehicle repossession and home foreclosure.
end harassing collection calls and letters from creditors.

experienced chapter 7 and chapter 13 lawyers
for over 30 years, the bankruptcy lawyers at berry & associates have helped individuals turn things around. our bankruptcy attorneys average over 25 years of hands-on experience, and we are ready to take your case today. our bankruptcy information page explains more about our practice and the next steps you can take to get back in control of your finances.
if you are considering bankruptcy in georgia – we can help
get the debt relief help you need by calling the law offices of berry & associates for a free, one-on-one, confidential consultation. to contact us, use our online contact form, or call now to schedule your free consultation at one of our north georgia offices. (404) 235-3328.
please remember that material on our website is intended only to provide general information, and should not be construed as legal advice or creating an attorney-client relationship. the only way to fully understand how the law applies to your situation is to discuss it with a qualified attorney.




the berry & associates difference

over 130 years of combined experience
convenient north georgia offices
concentration in bankruptcy law
superior client service and ratings




30
year reputation
for excellence







“for more than 30 years, we have helped georgia residents protect their property and eliminate debt through the federal bankruptcy laws. call our office for a free, no-obligation consultation with one of our experienced attorneys.”
matt berry
firm founder





meet our team
 

matt berry



susan hudson senay



kelly thomas



carrie oxendine

 

client testimonials




 
“on behalf of l.m. and me, we would like to take this time to thank you…. and your associates for your time and work on our cases. you’ve made what could have been an unpleasant time in our lives easy to deal with. we hope to never use your service in this capacity again. again thank you and god bless.”
— n. m.


“d. and i want to say thank you to all the attorneys and staff at berry & associates. the past 18 months have been very tough and extremely humbling. everyone we dealt with at berry & associates treated us well. they answered our questions with patience and we never once felt humiliated. our case was settled… and now we’re free to start working on our comeback.thanks for all you did to help us.”
— j


“i just want to thank you so much for taking my case. you are a great law firm and i wish you both success. it was a pleasure working with you and andrea.”
— l. v.


“thanks for meeting with me on august 19th. you made everything crystal clear for me. because this is the first time i’ve had to file bankruptcy, it’s a little scary. you made me feel at ease. thank you.”
— a. m.

 







free case evaluation
there are 5 easy ways to contact our experienced chapter 7 and chapter 13 attorneys:

complete the form and click submit.
call 404-235-3328
click on the chat now button
by email to bkleads@mattberry.com.
by regular mail to our atlanta headquarters.











how did you find the web site?
google
yahoo
bing
lawyers.com
findlaw.com
avvo.com
referral
other





by checking this box, you agree to receive sms text messages from berry & associates.  reply stop to opt out at any time. please note that sms consent data and phone number will not be shared with third-parties. sms terms & conditions



by submitting this form i acknowledge that contacting berry & associates through this website does not create an attorney-client relationship, and any information i send is not protected by attorney-client privilege.







 



convenient offices to serve you



atlanta
2751 buford hwy ne, suite 600
atlanta, ga 30324




jonesboro
236 stockbridge road, suite b-2
jonesboro, ga 30236




rome
519 broad street, suite 104
rome, ga 30161




gainesville
340 jesse jewell
parkway se, suite 105
gainesville, ga 30501




newnan
9 west broad street
newnan, ga 30263




kennesaw
125 townpark dr., suite 300
kennesaw, ga 30144














 





 




© 2018 - 2025 berry & associates, attorneys at law. all rights reserved.
this law firm website is managed by proven law marketing.



the information on this website is for general information purposes only. nothing on this site should be taken as legal advice for any individual case or situation. this information is not intended to create, and receipt or viewing does not constitute, an attorney-client relationship.


no content on this site may be reused in any fashion without written permission from www.georgiabankruptcyfiling.com





sitemap
disclaimer
contact us
privacy policy















