




carpet cleaning equipment: machines and carpet cleaning equipment   
sale









carpet cleaning
      equipment: carpet cleaning machines, 
		floor machines and 
		carpet cleaning supplies at discounted prices.

carpet cleaning equipment & floor 
		buffers


quality - price -
      service - knowledge
one of the first, if
      not the first, to distribute  carpet cleaning equipment, supply and cleaning
      machines on the web.  cleaning machine and floor buffers -
      save. 


basic
      maintenance
		supply
		inc.  
  800-784-8870



click on the links below to see that
page.
carpet cleaning 
		equipment

most popular extractors



made in the u.s.a.

carpet extractors
about carpet cleaning


		which carpet cleaning machine should i purchase ?
power
      wands


encapsulation
      - low moisture
 self contained carpet cleaning
      extractors
 truck mount carpet
      cleaning machines
 truck mount accessories
 parts for extractors
 carpet cleaning package deals
      - portable
 carpet cleaning chemicals
 carpet cleaning
      accessories
 carpet cleaning wands
 carpet cleaning hand tools
 hoses
 flood extractors and products
floor buffers & floor care products and equipment
about
      floor care
 floor
      buffers & floor machines  for hard floor and carpet scrubbing.



floor 
		buffers

wet / dry vacuum
 propane
      floor machines




floor care package
 terms
      and conditions    site
map


800-784-8870

info@basicmaint.com 
 







about us: basic maintenance supply inc 
			is a full line  distributor of  
 
carpet cleaning equipment, 
			carpet cleaning machines, floor buffer equipment and supplies for 
			the professional carpet cleaner, janitorial service, auto detailer, 
			home cleaning professional, business owner, food service operator, 
			hospitality manager and home owner.  we pride ourselves on 
			asking the right questions to assure you receive the proper unit to 
			fill your needs.  we have sold carpet cleaning equipment and floor 
			care equipment and supplies throughout the world.  cleaning carpet 
			is a great business opportunity. we carry a full line of carpet 
			cleaning machines, equipment and floor buffing and care equipment.  
			we are physically located in philadelphia pennsylvania and have been 
			business since 1987.  we are proud members of the eastern 
			pennsylvania better business bureau.  our prices are so good that we 
			have had customers drive up to 12 hours to purchase a piece of 
			equipment from us.  but price isn't everything. we make sure that 
			you get a piece of equipment that will suit you and we try to give 
			you as much information to help you. let us help you keep your 
			flooring clean.our 50,000 
			square foot facility with our fully stocked 8,000 square foot 
			showroom is physically located in philadelphia pennsylvania just off 
			of interstate 95 and is easily accessible from all major sections of 
			the city, delaware and southern new jersey  .  we stock most 
			chemicals, carpet cleaning equipment and supplies for the cleaning industry.  we 
			have a repair center on premises and repair vacuums, truck mounts, 
			portables, floor buffers, propane buffers and other electrical and 
			small engine equipment .  we carry a full line of common repair 
			parts and have access to most parts for most equipment.  we ship 
			through out the world.

			equipment and parts manufacturers: century 400- ninja, diamondback 
			and sensei, prochem, avenger 500 truckmount (prochem blazer) , 
			hydro-force, edic, malish, mercury, pumptec, shurflo, general 
			floorcraft, mytee, sandia plastics, koblenz, powerflite, be pressure 
			washers, aztec, pmf, eagle ipc, graco, samco metal products,  
			thoro-matic, carpet 
			cleaning equipment   

















 





we want your business !
carpet cleaning machines
and carpet cleaning equipment for carpet cleaners.  floor buffers and floor
machines, supply for the professional contractors.
entire site copyright ?2007-13  basic maintenance supply
inc.  all rights
reserved.  

join our links directory!


carpet cleaning coupons. save money by finding the best carpet cleaner coupons in your area. carpet cleaning companies can add their carpet cleaning coupons for free!
links:  monmouth new jersey carpet cleaning  
http://cleaning-products.net/   
www.cleaning-equipment.com
www.floor-buffer.net

www.carpet-cleaning-equipment-supply.com 

www.carpet-cleaning-machines.com









home




 
 
 



