     marty's gmc | new gmc dealer in kingston, ma                                                                               marty's gmc             sales 781-361-9848    service 781-349-5196  parts 781-349-7013      5 kingston collection waykingston, ma 02364                                   service        map        contact                         marty's gmc                   call 781-361-9848   directions                      specials   new specials   pre-owned specials     new   search new   value your trade   schedule test drive   quick quote   model research   custom order    shop click drive   business elite   hummer ev   sierra ev     pre-owned   search inventory   used gmc inventory    certified pre-owned vehicles   quick quote   schedule test drive   find my car   kbb instant cash offer     commercial   discover commercial trucks & vans   fisher snowplow showroom   parts warranty     service & parts   order parts   order parts online   gmc accessories   service department   schedule service    oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics     finance   apply for credit   finance department   payment calculator   estimate credit score   value your trade   kbb instant cash offer   gmc protection     about   why marty's   career technicians   hours & directions   meet our staff   contact us   onstar assistance	   gm rewards                      home   specials   new specials   pre-owned specials     new   search new   value your trade   schedule test drive   quick quote   model research   custom order    shop click drive   business elite   hummer ev   sierra ev     pre-owned   search inventory   used gmc inventory    certified pre-owned vehicles   quick quote   schedule test drive   find my car   kbb instant cash offer     commercial   discover commercial trucks & vans   fisher snowplow showroom   parts warranty     service & parts   order parts   order parts online   gmc accessories   service department   schedule service    oil change   brake service   battery service   tire basics     finance   apply for credit   finance department   payment calculator   estimate credit score   value your trade   kbb instant cash offer   gmc protection     about   why marty's   career technicians   hours & directions   meet our staff   contact us   onstar assistance	   gm rewards                  









     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  all new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         






      important information          important information          important information          important information          important information                                                 







apply for credit
get financing










schedule service
schedule now




      search new inventory     search used inventory        

  explore gmc vehicles    trucks  |  suvs  |  commercial           canyon        sierra 1500        sierra hd            terrain        acadia        yukon            savana passenger        savana cargo        savana cutaway       





save over $30,000



view inventory


gmc hummer ev



view inventory



     


a better kind of used vehicle
each gmc cpo vehicle is thoroughly inspected and reconditioned before you buy it. and when you pull off the lot, you'll have your own happily ever after with two factory-backed warranties: a new, longer 6-year/100,000 mile powertrain limited warranty that includes roadside assistance, and a 12-month/12,000-mile bumper-to-bumper limited warranty. those benefits add up to a value you can depend on, and a used vehicle you can trust.


shop certified


     

welcome to
marty's gmc
while there are many dealerships near plymouth, none will offer as much as ours does. we want to help with anything you could need when looking to add a car to your life, selling a car, servicing, and more. our experts will answer any questions and show you all the benefits that come from shopping with our dealership.we make it easy for you to find some time in your schedule to stop by. you will never need to hesitate when it comes to visiting a dealership! 
learn more
      



follow us on social media


                       


       





address
5 kingston collection way, kingston, ma 02364
sales hours     monday 8:30am - 7:00pm    tuesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    wednesday 8:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 8:30am - 7:00pm    friday 8:30am - 6:00pm     saturday 8:30am - 4:00pm    sunday closed    

               why you should shop with marty's gmc
 our new and used inventory
 new vehicles offer a variety of advanced features and impressive engineering to ensure you will always enjoy the time you spend inside. we have many new gmc cars, trucks, and suvs on our lot so that you'll have every opportunity to find one you love. models on our lot include the gmc terrain, sierra 1500, and yukon. all it will take is one test drive for you to be sure one of our new vehicles will be right for you. 
 our used inventory also includes some of the most popular models for drivers near middleborough. each of these vehicles has been inspected by our experts to ensure they're in the best condition when you get inside. our used inventory's competitive price and dependable performance will make it the right place to look for many drivers. 
 a finance team to keep you confident
 financing and leasing can feel like a stressful process, but our experts simplify it for you. we can explain the differences between leasing and buying near carver so that you'll know which is right for your lifestyle.  our finance team will also be able to explain all the terms of your loan or lease so that you won't be confused throughout your time of ownership. we encourage you to reach out soon to see what else our financing team can do! 
 you can start the financing process online. the form on our website asks for basic information and allows you to spend less time waiting to get into your next vehicle. many drivers tend to be more comfortable filling out forms in their own homes, and we want you to enjoy the process of finding your next vehicle. after we have the information from our online financing application, we will help you see what plans could work for your lifestyle. 
 parts and services at our dealership
 gmc vehicles are some of the most durable and dependable, but they still need routine maintenance and servicing to stay that way. routine maintenance includes oil changes, tire rotations, and brake inspections to care for the areas that see the most wear and tear while you drive. our service center can keep your vehicle running its best by providing the routine maintenance you'll need. 
 we offer many genuine gmc parts so that you don't need to rely on aftermarket parts. aftermarket parts can be less reliable and aren't always guaranteed to be the best fit for your vehicle. parts directly from the manufacturer are sure to be the right fit and have been extensively tested to give you a reliable performance. 
 have questions? we're happy to help! 
 we've already helped many duxbury, ma drivers and are sure that we can help you too! call, email, or visit our dealership to get started!                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | marty's gmc | 5 kingston collection way, kingston, ma 02364 | sales: 781-361-9848              




















  cookie consent: by continuing to use this site you agree to our use of cookies. accept learn more                          