






kaveka – bienvenue & welcome a l'hôtel kaveka

































































 


home
rooms
services
contact
gallery
0
français

 



 




 

























 





when






guests





check availability








welcome to kaveka 


life on the beachin today’s competitive world it’s good to know that the hotel kaveka continues to excel as a value leader on moorea. check with your travel professional for the latest seasonal specials.moorea's 1st choiceour new enormous dock seemingly extends endlessly into the heart of cook’s bay from our world famous restaurant with spectacular views of our garden island home on moorea.cook's bay besttrust the hotel kaveka to provide you affordable, quality choices to make your vacation in paradise the most memorable possible. bungalows fill up fast, so reserve early.







kaveka features







moorea's best tours




moorea's best tours
nobody knows more about moorea than our local tahitian staff and when you need to know we can help. if you’re looking for the best photo locations or hidden coves and isolated motus …we are here to make your vacation the most memorable ever. the kaveka’s select tour providers offer a plethora of island activities for every guest. discover the authentic polynesia and take home memories to last a lifetime. our front desk staff is waiting to help in every way possible.







notes – fyi






save up to 40% with pre-packaged meal plans that include an astounding selection of sumptuous meals … from the freshest seafood to mouth watering steaks and of course traditional tahitian favorites.
make the time to discover all you can about moorea before your journey of a lifetime. should you bless our distant shores, wherever you may make your lodging, stop by the hotel kaveka and say hello; in tahitian, ia orana!





special notes






we know your vacation on moorea will add life to your years. unlike other hotels … all of out rates include government, sales, and municipal taxes. children under 10 sharing bungalow with parents stay for free.. the hotel kaveka recommends that you use the services of a travel professional. nonetheless, we provide the same courteous service and value to fully independent travelers every month of the year. just email us and we will do our best to exceed your expectations.








over-water dining




over-water dining
the kaveka chefs specialize in chinese, french, tahitian, and american cuisine. our over-water restaurant on exotic cook’s bay remains as one of moorea’s favorite gathering places for an astonishing dining experience. our extensive menu rivals the finest resorts and every sumptuous meal is a tantalizing taste experience you’ll always remember. please join us for a delightful lunch or dinner. and don’t hesitate to call for local pickup from any area hotel. call us at: 40.56.5050




what we offerexceptional service and great ratesfree shopping & banking shuttle serviceexcursions & activitiesmaximum internet speed connections 


 
 
i would say this is a moderate hotel where people who like 3 stars would be happy. 5 star folks would probably be disappointed since it doesn’t quite have the posh and polish-but it doesn’t have a 5 star price either.
 
 


 


 


great location” just returned from a delightful vacation in french polynesia – stayed for 4 nights in moorea at the hotel kaveka. as i did the research and made arrangements myself (w/o the help of travel agents) i must say that some of the reviews made me a little aprehensive prior to arriving. my fears were w/o merit. first of all this is not a 5 star resort w/ bungalows sitting out over the water – however you are not paying a 5 star price!!! there are two beautiful lagoons / bays in moorea – and this property is located in one of them. it is so amazing to wake up in this setting each morning.


 


 


can’t beat the view” just returned from a trip to moorea where we stayed at the hotel kaveka for 3 nights. we were very pleased with our choice. we prefer smaller, local places rather that mega resorts that look the same everywhere. greg, the owner is active in the management, very personable, and wants to be sure guests have a good experience. he reserved a tour for us and arranged for a rental car while we were there. we loved our room with a lagoon view! it was clean with a taste of polynesian decor.
 


 









 address postal
b.p 373-98728, maharepa
moorea
polynesie francaise
e-mail: kaveka@mail.pf

 reservations enquiries
toll free from us : 1-877-354-5902
telephone: (689) 40-56-5050
telephone(us): (480)993-2331
fax : (689) 40-56-5263
e-mail: kaveka@mail.pf

 





copyright © 2019 hotel kaveka. all rights reserved.  


terms of use
|
privacy policy
|


 







































