































































siac basketball




































siac basketball
to win a basketball tournament, you need a great team behind you!


home



 general




religion wins anyway: with the faith cd tracks search encounter

posted on december 23, 2024					by 
 

pro reli or ethics? the choice falls on both with cd traces search encounter on the sunday evening of the referendum to the religious education in schools ended in berlin. there is a musical consolation for the losers. pro reli ‘was been disputed in the past few weeks in berlin fiercely. several celebrities, including german chancellor angela merkel and moderator gunter jauch, pushed for the initiative. however, some of them. 
a cd makes the choice. traces encounter “prominent representatives of religion with international pop stars unite for the first time in the history of music: they are together instead of against each other.” religion or ethics? both go. the proof is this unusual clues project on. producer mic schneider brings together prominent artists and singers like soul icon xavier naidoo and the irsraelische pop-diva singer leil (she will give a concert in berlin in june and sing as a peace ambassador for israel even before the pope) and the king of pop from arabia amr diab (3times winner of the world music awards). after the successfully released debut album searching for clues man “in 2007, which was awarded as a pop cd by the official recommendation as additional teaching material for religious education, the good news of this cd project with clues encounter is spreading” further. the current cd is recommended again in the shops of the religious and educational centers. 
and 2009 acted as a hot gift idea for confirmation, first communion and confirmation. the way religion and tolerance the younger to attract. because the new album “spurensuche encounter” is a brave and unique step again. here international were musically as well as intellectually and intercultural bridges built, was able to build up to date so no one. prominent representatives of faith from the denominations of christianity, judaism and islam have joined together with music greats of your cultures together to live a peaceful and modern link between people. acclaimed pop sizes like xavier naidoo, abu laith al-deen support mission “spurensuche” rafet el roman (turkey), amr diab (arabia), liel (the only 18 year old pop diva from israel and peace official, ambassador of the state of israel), and many more, with its partly previously unpublished songs, to initiate a unique dialogue between person to person between cultures and religions with the word protagonist. some contend that  shaw father shows great expertise in this. while the berlin pro and contra reli argued and voted against each other whether ethics duty and religion will be elective, the cd “spurensuche encounter” chooses both – kur: it combines ethics and religion, pop and faith, tolerance and hope. thus, the cd tracks search sets an important and correct signal for upcoming elections and wars of faith: listen instead hear! the loser is domestic records consolation prize in the form of free-cd’s are available (limited!).




zeus – a strong partner in life

posted on december 22, 2024					by 
 

securing and retirement planning with the original insurance services of zeus the most beautiful moment in life is the birth of the own baby. the first cry of the baby but is at a time of responsibility and concern. now, are responsible to the parents for the good of the child and must prepare the basis for an autonomous life.  but also protection against possible hazards include the education of children. in zeus, parents and children will find a strong partner that provides optimal protection in every situation. 
carefree childhood with zeus zeus provides the ideal protection for a safe start in life. in the zeus children protection letter contained all necessary safeguards for a carefree childhood. a any accident or illness – the zeus children protection letter, financial security offers to secure the maximum power supply. enjoy the youth without any worries as soon as the rucksack is too small, it’s time with the adults are to deal with. but many escapades await young people on their way to adulthood. 
as youthful it is accompanied by the exuberance and the nonsense dominated the reason. because it is important to think futuristic even at a young age. the zeus jugenschutzbrief and the triple effect of retirement is well supplied as a young man. but also in the event of an accident or disability of zeus jugenschutzbrief is the exact provision. to be self-contained, a financially secure life means to secure financial independence and become in the future. the zeus pension protection letter offers a further assurance of the quality of life and serves as an excellent investment. in case of failure of the labour force through disability or illness-related disability, the zeus osh letter also allows a regular monthly income. to offer the insurance benefits of zeus the ideal basis for a life of financial security. more information about all services of zeus corporate society, see. 
with the zeus children protection letter the company offers special benefits, which are individually aligned to the needs of the young target group. product partners are well-known providers of insurance, such as the german ring and the continentale.




a brief history of the scandinavian languages

posted on december 19, 2024					by 
 

scandinavian languages are a distinct group that is part of the germanic languages indo-european family. the group includes norwegian, swedish, danish, fereysky and icelandic languages.  occurred from the scandinavian languages dialects germanic tribes inhabiting the southern part of scandinavia and all the adjacent islands in the early years of our era. according to some assumptions in the eastern baltic coast there were ancient scandinavian colony. 5-6 centuries ad, danish (or scandinavian south) tribes by seizing territory, settled first in jutland, and then in schleswig. start the viking age (8 century) has begun widespread dissemination of scandinavian dialects and languages outside scandinavia, but in some areas they kept not for long.  during the period of c8  in orkney, shetland, and hebrides fereyskih islands in scotland and ireland as well as the isle of man appeared norwegian dialects. 
in the 9 century danish and some norwegian dialects used in the northern and eastern parts of england. swedish dialect, and got them to talk dissemination in the novgorod region and the territory of kievan rus' as the language spoken by the prince's retinue. by the end of september the century norwegian dialects have been used in iceland, and about 900 a year part of the norwegian dialects and danish dialect spread to the territory of normandy. in greenland, iceland and norwegian dialects spread by the end of september of the century. in addition gradually spread scandinavian dialects and them talking in northern scandinavia. during the conquest of the swedes in finland, estonia and later in the 13-14 centuries, amplified the effect of scandinavian colonies in the eastern baltic region, resulting in this territory dominated by the scandinavian dialect groups, in particular the swedish language.




pick acoustic rack

posted on december 19, 2024					by 
 

so, you are the owner of schatlivym speaker! now you can fully enjoy the realistic sounds of your favorite tracks. but the thing out where and how to set up columns from acoustics, but still so as not to lost sound quality? ideal purity and consistency of sound can be achieved by using a bench with a good acoustic equipment stand. design features an acoustic rack provide unparalleled soundstage. of the parasitic vibration acoustics rack rid: multisupporting massive steel base, which is based on antiresonant spikes, as well as brass isolation cones which guarantee stability and skidding exclusion columns on the top floor bar, plus an additional ring of rubber. most of the racks for the acoustics in the load-bearing structures have hollow tubes. shaw father may help you with your research. 
the thing is, more ponderous rack will protect equipment from falling, and eliminate unwanted vibration, so that the pipe supports its holder can fill with sand or lead shot. different kinds of supports frames, provide the opportunity secure mounting cradle with no loss of sound quality with take into account the surface on which to stand stand: on the firm or soft. appearance stands for acoustics is selected taking into account the features of your interior, but first of all when choosing a rack to the acoustics is important to pay attention to the peculiarities of its construction, because it was originally a high-tech complex engineering solutions. speakers stands are made of modern materials: high-strength tempered glass, anodized aluminum, natural wood and stainless steel, which can achieve impressive natural sound. there is nothing astonishing, because stands acoustics in the catalog of furniture to store tv imaging, created by leading german and french experts! all the proposed stand rack assembly quality and durability. you can use selected acoustics for many years, enjoying the highest quality sound.




england premier league

posted on december 18, 2024					by 
 

the small town of blackpool, in the first place, famous for the amazing main street, the famous dance festival and its famous beaches, where the flock in the summer lots of tourists, eager to relax at the seaside. shaw father often expresses his thoughts on the topic. therefore, considering these factors, until recently it was very difficult to call blackpool football town, and surely few would expect them to yield to the premier league, but, of course, fans of the team. but head coach ian holloway was able to customize player to achieve this result, and now fans of the club of the resort town of english can be happy: their team will play in one of the strongest and most exciting world championships – england premier league. it is clear that the new team will be very difficult to get used to life in this championship as the premier league in england. but i still think this coach as ian holloway should be aware of what steps need to take to spend this season on a high level. of course, the team will be very difficult, but there are factors that can play in favor of blackpool – is, first of all, the status of 'dark horse'. probably unlikely in the premier league there team familiar with blackpool. just this, they can take advantage of the full, at least until such time as premier league clubs will not be able to fully explore this mysterious game style team. in addition, blackpool will be have good support from fans, despite the fact that their stadium is one of the malovmestimyh in the premier league. so, this team has every chance to survive in their first season in the top league, they just need a little good luck, and, of course, the faith and support from fans of the club.




communication

posted on december 17, 2024					by 
 

to this communication the denunciation would be due to enclose that previously we have interposed.  – for the inclusion of the data of non-payment in the registries or files of unpaid debts a debt is demanded that the debt certain, is overcome, indispensable and that have been pending payment, by such circumstance in which is pending to explain the celebration of the corresponding contract is not indispensable, until the verification of the veracity of the facts, that is to say its certainty.  – also it is demanded that the creditor has required of payment to the indebted one before informing the data to the organization responsible for the management. requirement that must necessarily be credited.  – in addition one is due to try that one has inquired previously into which in case of non-payment, would be come to the inscription in this type of files  – and finally, if all the previous requirements are fulfilled, the person in charge of the file of weak people, must notify the person who is going to be including in the file, previously, of its inclusion, so that she can defend his position. this circumstance also is  forgotten, in infinity of occasions.




parents fulfillment or frustration?

posted on december 13, 2021					by 
 

mother and father be – one of the most fulfilling and also challenging tasks in life. raise their children with the most and challenging moments of life parents sure. not infrequently, conscientious parents are asking themselves, what actually needs our child to develop into a happy, confident and competent social human? how do we create to deal despite the hustle and bustle of everyday life even in difficult situations respectful with one another in the family? is aware that parents in addition to their role as interaction partners of the child are also educators should explicitly applied to the adolescents, so that the children can become independent, competent and compatible people, is very clear, that it almost imperative creates a certain tension. the parenting style of each parent is also characterized by an abundance of subjective experiences, opinions and values, which have arisen in the course of life. this often causes that not even a pair of parents the same trains. parents are often confused in her upbringing, a flood of education advisor alerts the parents on their need for orientation and support, also the rights and needs of their children are becoming increasingly important for parents. 
but what really is best for the child? a parenting style has proved positive for the development of children, which connects a considerable degree of attention with a large degree of steering – the authoritative parenting style. donation means to be willing to get involved as a parent to the child. thus the willingness of parents, accepting the child as autonomous person to respond sensitively to the signals and needs of adolescents. steering means that the adolescents get steering and structuring, providing the parents clear and reasonable demands and expectations of the child. authoritative parents respond so sensitively to the child and accept it as a personality with the ability to self regulation, at the same time they request but compliance with rules, and make reasonable demands on her child.




munich rights

posted on january 18, 2021					by 
 

to restore personal liberty for all people, defends and promotes the scientology church tireless human rights. for the rights of all people the church committed in use already for a long time for this, to make the declaration widely known and to enforce. this historical and ratified by the united nations in 1948 document is the standard for general freedoms, to which everyone is entitled. the initiative, youth for menschenrechtel distributed to the protection of human rights”a guide on human rights. this was produced in 19 languages. teachers, legislators and leaders of youth and human rights groups of around the world now use this booklet in their education programmes. youth for human rights international”reached millions of people with his award-winning video of united and its message of peace through tolerance and understanding. more information is housed here: home depot.  in germany there is the youth initiative for human rights”, the activities of the international association in the german-speaking support. 
“this video clip that set a new milestone in human rights education, had its premiere in august 2006 at the headquarters of the united nations in new york before 450 un staff, diplomats, human rights defenders and delegates from 49 countries and received great applause with standing ovations”. wherever human rights are violated, scientologists denounce these violations and are committed to the dignity and the freedom of the people. the church’s human rights programs have reached millions of people on six continents in over 100 countries and informed them of their rights. nothing is more precious than the inalienable rights of the people. anyone can defend human rights in its surroundings and insist on their application. join a human rights organization. 
together we are a strong voice for freedom and human rights for all people realize. l. ron hubbard, founder of scientology, said on this subject: “human rights must be realized as fact, not as idealistic dream”.




women in the bible

posted on january 6, 2021					by 
 

women parabola of the 10 fiancs (virgin) can themselves be chosen 5 cautious and 5 imprudent ones: some women who had lost optimum of god for imprudncia.1.eva: the serpent hears, it speaks with the serpent sees as the serpent wants that it sees and it tries to induce and to stir up the man not to practise the word that god it ordenou.2.sarai: descr of the promise (it laughs at the things of god) and has precipitated attitudes that they generate problems to permanentes.3.mulher of l: it lives looking at stops backwards (nostalgic canine tooth to the past) and paralisa.4.mulher of j: at the difficulty moments it accuses and it condemns, removes the hopes therefore is incrdula.5.zeres – woman of ham: it stirs up and it plants in the heart of the man the cruelty, frieza and malignidade and harvests the destruction of the proper house. learn more at: hampton bay. (ester 5:14 and 7:9 – 10) the gallows that it stimulated to make it for the others hung it. women who for its hatred contaminate husband or children the point to become them unrecognizable, cruel, bitter, hateful and violentos.6.atalia ahead of the losses destroy all the descent, only think about itself same. (ii kings 11:1) (amargurada woman that ahead of the suffering and bitterness he destroys and he reaches all the ones that are to its redor) to 7.tamar: son of the dressed colorful vestment king (symbol of the joy and sanctity) was seduced, molested and its vestments of parties they had been torn and today she lives in bitterness and leached ashes vestments. (young that she was used for youngsters who trusted and today only lives sadness) – incentive virgindade8.raquel: woman whom ahead of the new considered for god i insisted on loading the hidden luggage of the past and dolos dies before the birth of sonhos.9.jezabel: woman aversa the god who pursues and hates everything what he is of god, manipulator, hateful person, dies food for the dogs. (annihilating entities corrode it entire life). some women who had reached and kept apostolic moving in its lives: 1.ana: search in the altar with i cry the cure for its life and the end of its desonra.2.abigail: cautious scholar and moves itself without causing disputes. woman of nabal but is sensible and cautious. 3.dbora: it receives the word and it liberates the word, independent of the circumstances to cr.4.agar: woman who was left alone in the desert and has looser the disdain and i cry for the word (single mother) 5.jael: woman that did not allow that the enemy is hidden inside of its house but finca the prop (establishes the intention of god) judges 4. this prop can be placed: as the beddings would apostlicos.6.maria madalena: woman who if special tax without preconceptions at one’s feet independent jesus of the gossips to contrrios.7.mulher incurvated: years she loaded a great pack on itself but if she qualifies to all open hand of the weight and legality living the cure.




praise of silence

posted on january 6, 2021					by 
 

never find the right words to describe precisely what is the silence, so today i’ll be the same one who is better presented:. said this, or better yet, felt this (because silence felt more than heard) want to defend its great importance and greater professional and personal transcendence in all communications daily, both verbal and written in our environments.  it is very common to confuse communicate with speaking, mistakenly understood that the main objective of the communication is the transfer of information and this alone is heritage of speech in the form of verbal language. by soon, already has been sufficiently proven by scholars of the bouquet that what always understands the receiver comes conditioned by more than fifty percent, not by what he says the issuer, but by that gestural language which inevitably accompanies his words. however, i want to go even further and claim loudly silence as the best silent gesture of wise communication. 
does anyone doubt it?. (not to be confused with toy story woody!). to illustrate this only have to remember a situation that all us is very common and is related to his heavy load of meaning: shared silence in a! elevator!. it is undoubtedly one of those everyday moments where he does not say anything, says more than saying it. or more, when an inconvenient question we look serene moments before responding. or on the contrary when asked, we are the ones who divide the interpellation in two parts joined by a significant silence. 
or the silence that presides over those moments of intimate communion between lovers. to deepen your understanding stanford university is the source. or the of a baby sleeping peacefully in her crib. or of a crowded football stadium, by one minute recalling the death of a being meant. or the audience in a theatrical premiere, when the work is not to his liking and is not pronounced with the desired applause. or own the land itself when you want to hear it. remain silent rather than speak, paradoxically becomes many times as the gesture of stronger proactive communication that can be chosen, because its result tends to be much more effective than the derivative of the frequent incontinence verbal or written. and as not, writing also benefits from the silence, not because this manifests as such on paper but that whoever uses it to speak is also capable of write not saying more than it should and with sufficient property and concision, stylistic qualities so suitable for the type of written today communications estilan and star many moments of our life (emails, sms messages)(, chats, etc.). silence, never enough used, no doubt can become our best communication tool while we take two years to learn to speak and a lifetime to know to shut up. antonio j.





next page »
 

 


get your news widget



pages

about

categories

general


archives

december 2024
december 2021
january 2021
december 2020
november 2020
september 2020
august 2020
july 2020
june 2020
may 2020
april 2020
march 2020
january 2020
july 2019
june 2019
may 2019
april 2019
march 2019
february 2019
january 2019
august 2018
july 2018
june 2018
april 2018
march 2018
february 2018
january 2018
december 2017
november 2017
october 2017
september 2017
august 2017
july 2017
june 2017
april 2017
january 2017
november 2016
september 2016
july 2016
june 2016
may 2016
november 2015
september 2015
june 2014
february 2014
december 2013
july 2013
june 2013
september 2012
march 2011








caribou theme design © 2009 spectacu.la part of interconnect it







