






 








treasure island oldies radio show, the home of lost treasures - with
      your host michael godin










 


 



 

 welcome
                        to the home of treasure island oldies, a weekly
                        four-hour internet radio show. check out our live and
                        archived shows, as well as the continuous 24/7 feed. for
                        a complete site map 
 
click here.

                        every week since 1997, we bring you the best oldies
                        music from the ‘50s, ‘60s and ‘70s, including lost
                        treasures, rare and hard to find oldies like pop, girl
                        group, doo wop and rock & roll artists including the
                        beatles, chuck berry, elvis presley, rolling stones, roy
                        orbison, dave clark five, ricky nelson, brenda lee,
                        little richard, frank sinatra, five satins, diamonds,
                        shangri-las, to mention a few.

join us for our regular weekly
                        features: one hit wonders, made in canada, instrumental
                        gems, rock and roll news & birthdays, top 5
                        countdown, compare the hits, voice your choice, moments
                        in time, novelty tunes, rock & roll reunion and spot
                        dance. 

                        “quite possibly the internet's finest oldies netcast
                        show - four hours of hits, rarities, and trivia. listen
                        to old archived shows, or listen live on sunday!
                        requests are welcome.”  
 - robert
                          fontenot - oldies.about.com

                        "...highlights the very best, the most unique and
                        interesting discs of the 50s and 60s" 
 -
                          red robinson - rock and roll hall of fame
 
                        "thank you for preserving our music" 
-
                          paul evans, new york city


                        "we were hooked within the first hour of your
                        program! the wonderful thing about your show is
                        that you play real music "treasures" that one just
                        doesn't hear anymore." 
 -
                          jill & tim, cambridghe, ontario

 
"thank
                        you for all of your hard work and dedication each week
                        to bring us the best oldies show  around." 
  -
                          rick canode,
                          madison wisconsin

 "this
                        is the best oldies show around period."

-
                          britt brittingham, cherry hill, new jersey


treasure island oldies, the home of lost 
				treasures © 1997 - 2015 michael godin management inc. all rights 
				reserved.
				 





