









horse killing


















































                                home                            




                                about                                







                                our methods                            




                                our history via the media                            




                                shark successes!                            




                                shark in the air                            




                                the tiger truck                            




                                i was a fish killer                            




                                latest news!                            




                                connect to shark                            




                                contact us                            




                                search                            




                                shark 990s                            








                                animal cruelty                                







                                rodeo cruelty                            




                                pigeon shoots                            




                                bullfighting                            




                                deer kills                            




                                hunting cruelty                            




                                horse killing                            




                                captivity                            




                                cruel celebrities                            




                                caring celebrities                            




                                cockfighting                            




                                beagle salvation                            




                                marcus lemonis scams                            




                                dog fighting                            








                                videos                            




                                blog                            




                                charity cops                            




                                take action                                







                                contact corporate cruelty sponsors                            




                                stop live pigeon shoots                            




                                end bullfighting now!                            




                                volunteer                            




                                rodeo video tips                            




                                go vegan!                            








                                donate to shark                                







                                donate                            




                                mail in a donation                            




                                estate planning and official bequest language                            








                                search                            




                                donations                            

 






















 










 horse slaughter



   











the fate of too many horses: the bleed tank.








horsekillers.com
the american tradition of loving and respecting horses existed long before there was a united states. americans counted on horses to build this nation; to plow the fields and to carrying soldiers to battle. horses are for many people part of their family, and they are considered to be companion animals, just as dogs and cats are.
unfortunately, not everyone in the united states is willing to give the horse the respect it deserves. there are those who are willing to see horses killed for profit, and that is who this website seeks to expose. horse slaughter proponents claim to care about horses, but the facts and the video footage tell a very different story.









a horse's last look before entering the slaughterhouse.








an overview of horse slaughter
horse slaughter has existed in the shadows for many years. in the past, horse slaughterhouses killed their victims in relative obscurity in numerous locations throughout the united states. as concern for the well-being of animals has grown in recent years, horse slaughter has come under increasing scrutiny. by 2002, the united states had rid itself of the shame of horse slaughter in every state except one – texas.
to the credit of texans, the texas attorney general issued an opinion that those slaughterhouses violated texas law, and a bill that would have legalized horse slaughter failed due to pressure from voters. a majority of americans including texans oppose horse slaughter, and they find the idea of eating horsemeat to be repugnant. even in texas, a state considered by many to be unfriendly to animals, horse killers were told to "take a hike."










click here to find out why the rodeo industry is in cahoots with the horse slaughter lobby. 









not surprisingly, the horse killers didn't care about the texas attorney general's opinion, the opinion of texas voters or about the cultural respect americans have for horses. the horse killers received a federal court order that allowed them to continue to kill horses for the time being, in spite of the will of the people. but with the writing on the wall in texas, the horse killers knew they had to find another state willing to take on the dubious title of "horse killing capitol of the us." now it is illinois, the "land of lincoln," where the horse killers hope to continue their violent and bloody massacre.
victory! the last remaining horse slaughter plant in the country was effectively shut down september 21, 2007 when a three-judge panel on the u.s. court of appeals for the seventh circuit ruled an illinois law banning horse slaughter for human consumption is constitutional.
the fight for horses is not over! unfortunately there are evil people in this world willing to do anything for an extra dollar - people like sue “slaughterhouse” wallis, a wyoming legislator who was obsessively pro-slaughter. 










university supports illegal animal abuse



click here to watch our videos exposing northern illinois university!
 click here






report cockfighting!






more info here.






more videos



to see even more documentation and video exposés please visit shark's youtube account to watch any of our over 1000 videos!
 click here






horse killing



 

		horse killing media					


 

		rodeo supports horse slaughter					









follow shark on social media




  like us on facebook
  follow us on twitter
  read our blog
  subscribe to our channel
  check us out on reddit
  support us on patreon
  instagram

 


















about us



shark po box 28 geneva, il 60134815-201-1459this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.registered 501(c)(3) non-profit 
contact info
privacy policy








follow us



read more and get up-to-date information on our social media.
connect to shark!








support shark



your donations are always greatly needed and appreciated. you can be assured that every dollar you donate goes toward shark's work to defend animals and investigate and expose cruelty.
more information








our newsletter



 

subscribe to our newsletter (enter an email address): 
 



 view ournewsletter archives













	                		copyright ©1993-2025 showing animals respect and kindness	                	









