




poipu kauai vacation rentals and cottages — poipu resort beach homes and
        condos



















call toll-free
                            1-866-641-6900 








home
about kauai
rentals



studio
1 bdrm / 2 bath
oceanfront
                                        penthouse
turtle cove
                                        cottage
poipu cottage
poipu kai cottage

                                        spouting horn cottage




sea turtles
contact












                        coastline cottages at poipu beach, kauai
                    

call toll free
                              1-866-641-6900



                        located in sunny poipu beach, consistently named one of america’s best beaches,
                        our luxury oceanfront cottages provide the best kauai vacation rentals. since 1996
                        locally owned and managed coastline cottages inc. has offered luxury accommodations
                        on kauai that are sensitive to the surroundings, together with superb comfort and
                        attention to detail. with an emphasis on privacy, our cottages are the perfect setting
                        for a romantic getaway, a honeymoon to remember, or for those who just want to escape
                        life's hectic pace and relax.
                    

                        imagine:  clear blue skies. clean fragrant air. warm blue water with safe swimming
                        and snorkeling year round.  the soothing sound of the surf.  spectacular
                        sunsets.  palm trees swaying to the cooling trade winds.

                        it’s all waiting for you at coastline cottages at poipu beach.
                    


                        introducing our turtle cove cottage



                        few places on this planet can offer the natural spectacle of the turtle cove cottage
                        with no direct interference or stress-related side effects on wildlife. from the
                        lanai, or decks, of the cottage, honu, the endangered green sea
                        turtles of the hawaiian islands, can be seen daily swimming into the cove at koloa
                        landing. the uniqueness of this cottage's location offers the experience of daily,
                        undisturbed viewing of turtles in their natural environment. it is the ultimate
                        in luxury ecotourism, a perfect observation platform for the nature enthusiast.
                    

                        coastline cottages inc., together with its community, is presently in the process
                        of establishing stronger conservation and protection measures for this cove at koloa
                        landing to better ensure the future of the honu and eco-tourism on kaua'i.









studio
                                    each 800 sq. ft. oceanfront studio in the spouting horn cottage features a private
                                    oceanfront lanai (deck), luxurious furnishings, a romantic window seat, a simmons
                                    beautyrest king bed with fine linens, and a spacious bathroom with a 6 ft whirlpool
                                    tub...
                                








one bedroom/two bathroom
                                    the oceanfront 1600 sq. ft. one-bedroom two-bathroom apartment in the spouting horn
                                    cottage features luxurious furnishings and handsome hawaiian artwork. enjoy a private
                                    oceanfront lanai (deck), romantic window seats, a simmons beautyrest king bed with
                                    fine linens, two spacious bathrooms with 6 ft whirlpool tubs, and a full kitchen...
                                








oceanfront toyabrown penthouse
                                    the oceanfront toyabrown penthouse is located just steps from the water. the spacious
                                    oceanfront lanai, views of world class surf breaks and huge sea turtles playing
                                    below, all create a serene hawaiian experience. a short walk leads you to some of
                                    the best snorkeling on the island and the world renown beach house restaurant.
                                








turtle cove cottage 

                                    our luxurious 1900 sf oceanfront two-bedroom two-bath vacation cottage is located
                                    20 feet to the water and features two oceanfront lanai with comfortable custom patio
                                    furniture for turtle watching, simmons beautyrest pillow-top king beds with fine
                                    linens, luxurious furnishings, perfect punee with french pillows, original hawaiian
                                    art work, 43” hd...
                                








poipu cottage 

                                    our luxurious 1800 sq ft oceanfront vacation rental cottage features three private
                                    oceanfront lanai, romantic window seats, original artwork and full kitchen. the
                                    oceanfront master suite is complete with a simmons beautyrest queen bed with fine
                                    linens and a spacious bath with a whirlpool tub and separate shower. this lovely
                                    cottage will sleep five...
                                









poipu kai cottage w/swimming pool 

                                    our 2,650 sq.ft. “poipu kai” cottage, with private swimming pool, is
                                    located at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac in the poipu kai neighborhood and is a
                                    one-minute walk to the grand hyatt kauai and its amenities, and spectacular shipwrecks
                                    beach and its oceanfront hiking paths. this beautifully furnished, well appointed
                                    cottage will sleep five guests…..
                                




                        surf off lawai beach. snorkel at kuhio bay. kayak from koloa landing. dive the sheraton
                        caves. sail from kukuiula bay. stroll the spectacular national botanical gardens
                        of the pacific. hike the cliffs above shipwrecks beach. golf at the poipu bay and
                        the kiahuna golf courses. swim in your private pool. view spectacular sunsets at
                        baby beach. dine at the beach house. enjoy live jazz at stevenson’s library
                        at the grand hyatt. sleep to the soothing sound of the surf.   breathe the
                        fragrant air of kauai.
                    


                        coastline cottages at poipu beach - simply spectacular - pretty well perfect.
                    

available upon request:

grocery shopping:  we are happy to stock your cottage with
                            groceries for your arrival.  simply email or fax your list of food and refreshments
                            48 hours prior to check-in.
massage therapy service:  our massage therapist, joy, will
                            bring her table and provide one-hour back-to-back massages in the comfort of your
                            cottage.  contact our office to arrange for an appointment.
private chef service:  we will arrange for a chef to prepare
                            and serve breakfast, lunch or dinner on your oceanfront lanai.  contact our
                            office for details.


                        contact us directly for vacation rental information and reservations:

call toll free 1.866.641.6900 or email us
                        fax 1.808.742.7620


guest comments


today, travelers the world over seek refined and authentic vacation homes rather
                                    than branded hotel suites. on kaua'i, coastline cottages represents a cache of properties
                                    that we deem remarkably pure to island style architecture and interior design. we've
                                    stayed in several cottages and find ourselves commenting on their wonderful interpretation
                                    of understated elegance meets beach chic.

with coastline cottages, and lori parsonson's careful touch, vacation properties
                                    feel like home - to the extent that you wish they were!
p & h sirois hawaii 



"i wanted to let you know we had a wonderful time at the poipu kai cottage.
                                    we wanted to relax and recharge and the cottage was everything we could have hoped
                                    for. absolute tranquility. the attention to detail was amazing. thanks for the recommendation
                                    of joy - this was the best massage i have had. we look forward to the opportunity
                                    of staying at one of your properties again next time we visit kauai, which will
                                    hopefully be soon. thank you."
bill, los angeles ca



“no better place on the island than right here. paradise!!”
lz & bz, carmel ca



                                “we came here from detroit mi for our honeymoon. this cottage was perfect.
                                what a perfect start to our new life together. mahalo!”
mh & kh, detroit mi 




                        members of the hawaii visitors and convention bureau, hawaii ecotourism association,
                        the kauai visitors bureau and the poipu beach resort association.




                    bodythirdcolumneditregion











home | about kauai | 
                        studio | 1
                            bedroom / 2 bath | 
                                oceanfront penthouse | 
                                    turtle cove cottage

poipu cottage
                | poipu kai cottage
                | spouting
                    horn cottage | sea turtles
                    | contact us | links



            copyright 2004-2012 coastline cottages inc. all rights reserved. terms of use. privacy
            policy.



