









caribbean real estate for sale waterfront & water view
















    



home
 properties

mayan seaside
sunset villas
progresso heights
rio hondo river waterfront
consejo road acreage
new river waterfront


 belize information

retire in belize
top 10 advantages of belize
belize facts


belize maps
contact







 
caribbean real estate for sale - waterfront & water view property, acreage, lots & houses
(this is a “belize real estate for sale by owner” website.)
belize waterfront acreage,  lots & homes, river front property, & belize investment property




why belize & why on the north coast of belize?

the official language is english and laws based on english common law.
low property tax: $50 us$/yr. on 1-acre homes near the water.
cost of living is much less than in the usa, canada, or europe.
many flights from canada and the usa to belize city.
additional flights to & from nearby chetumal, mx, 20-mile away.
nearby chetumal, mx with us style big box stores, good medicine, etc.
daily boat and plane access to caribbean world class diving and fishing.
land titles are freehold titles similar to the usa.
belize residency program  that can also lead to citizenship.
a qualified retired persons program:  bring household goods and car in duty free.
wonderful and warm belizean people. friendly, helpful, and kind!
beautiful wildlife, caribbean beaches, lagoons, rivers, and islands.
cost of living and property costs are much less than on the islands.
no winter or snow here. this is a tropical paradise year around.







mayan seaside - belize real estate for sale in a waterfront community

beautiful ¼ acre lots in belize waterfront expat community.
nicest expat retirement community on the north shore.
50 acres total, 10 acres parks land, 102 lots, 50 homes built.
1300 feet of shoreline and small earthen mayan ruins in park.
game court, pier, walking trails, beach areas, gardens, etc.
world class diving and deep-sea fishing 30 miles across the bay.
electricity and water service available at lot road front.
2 miles by boat to shops and medical in chetumal, mx, 200,000+ pop.
consejo, belize 1-mile with restaurants, a store, boat ramp and custom pier.
7 miles from corozal, belize with shops, medical, schools, and churches.
next door to smuggler’s den, a nice small family run resort and restaurant.
free zone with shops, hotels, and casinos 15 miles away.
lots start at $25,000 (us$) in beautiful mayan seaside.







sunset villas on the four mile lagoon - belize waterfront real estate for sale

1 acre waterfront lots (119+ ft waterfront) on four mile lagoon.
½ acre water view and wooded lots with use of community pier and park.
community park with 150 ft pier, palapas, and boat ramp. sunset views!
developing community with 5 homes completed, several others under construction.
free zone with casinos, hotels, shops 6 miles away, 3 miles by boat.
near great shopping 15 miles to chetumal, mx, 200,000+ pop.
boat access to caribbean via lagoon, rio hondo river, about 7 miles.
corozal, belize 5 miles for shops, medical, schools, churches, etc.
2 ½ miles off the belize northern highway.
caribbean world class diving and deep-sea fishing 35 miles across the bay.
note: power grid is not available. alternative energy is necessary.
prices: 1-acre waterfront lots start at $58,000  (us$).
only 2 waterfront lots left.
prices: ½ acre one row back from water front start at 20,000  (us$). only 5 water view lots left.







belize property for sale: progresso heights water view lots for sale

1 waterfront lot and 2 water view hillside lots.
located in the cerros peninsula, north coast of belize.
¼ acre water view lots are on a slight hillside rising from the waterfront.
subdivision has parks, pier, club house, pool, boat ramp, and volleyball.
security: subdivision has a gatehouse. power at each lot front.
1 mile from village of progresso with shops, churches, schools.
corozal, belize 15 miles with shops, medical, schools, churches, etc.
25 miles to great shopping in chetumal, mx, city of 200,000+.
free zone with casinos, hotels, shops, etc. is 20 miles away.
prices: 2 water view lots, one at $16,900 and one corner lot at $18,900 (us$).
price: 1 waterfront lot at $51,900.







rio hondo river front lots & acreage for sale in belize

one 30.7-acre parcel with 900+/- ft waterfront on rio hondo river: priced  at $46,000.
one 30.5-acre parcel with 1,100+/- ft waterfront on rio hondo. priced  at $45,000.
one 7.2 +/- acre waterfront parcel that  is also one lot from the lagoon.
belize investment property for sale: resort, subdivision, fishing camp, etc.
both sides of lagoon have become ex-pat retirement areas.
rio hondo divides belize and mexico, flows 5 miles to the caribbean.
free zone with casinos, hotels, shops 9 miles away, 1 mile by boat.
near shopping 15 miles (5 by boat) to chetumal, mx, 200,000+ pop.
boat access to bay of chetumal and caribbean via the rio hondo river.
corozal, belize 7 miles with shops, medical, schools, churches, etc.
caribbean world class diving and deep-sea fishing 35 miles across the bay.
note: power grid is not available. alternative energy is necessary.
note: very beautiful land and river, but it is low savanna & will need fill.
prices for 30 acre waterfront acreages: start at less  than $1,500 (us$) per acre.
price for 7.2 acre waterfront lot: $38,900 (us$).







belize acreage for sale on the consejo road near corozal, belize

****sold****36.7 acre parcel, nice wooded parcel on the consejo rd.
great investment: 10 new sub-divisions along the same road in area in last 10 yrs.
mayan seaside, consejo shores, and consejo, belize on same road.
corozal, belize 2 ½ miles: shops, medical, schools, churches, etc.
consejo, belize is a expat retirement area for many canadians, americans, and others.
power service already available on the consejo road front.
fiber optic internet at road front.
one mile from the bay that opens up into the caribbean sea and belize barrier islands.
world class diving and deep-sea fishing 30 miles across the bay.
near great shopping and medical in chetumal, mx, a city of 200,000+.
free zone with casinos, hotels, shops, etc. is 10 miles away.
price: sold







belize waterfront investment property for sale - 200 acres & 5,000 ft of new river frontage

great investment: residential, tourism, resort/hotel, mixed use, etc.
a 200-acre parcel with over 5,000 ft of new river water frontage.
about 4000 ft of guinea grass road frontage. power on road front
between the northern hwy and guinee grass village.
much is wooded, lots of wildlife, a spring, lots of waterfront.
one mile by road from the no. hwy. at tower hill.
boat access to caribbean via new river and bay of chetumal.
good river fishing and great fishing upriver in the lamanai lagoon.
4 miles from orange walk town: shops, schools, medical, etc.
many tour boats pass daily going to the outstanding lamanai mayan ruins.
property is about 1 hour from belize city and international airport.
price: $725,000 (us$). that is only $3,625 per acre. 
that's less then $150 (us$) a waterfront ft on this beautiful river.








 





