
















merritt college – class schedule & catalog























































 
















skip to content














open mobile menu



apply
class schedule
enroll now
login

canvas/ email / campus solutions


 

search
  submit


about merritt

 vision, mission, and goals
administrative profiles
a welcome from the president
accreditation
areas of interest
business & administrative services
campus map and directions
division structure
directory
organization chart
break
planning & governance

 participatory governance
guided pathways
planning, research & institutional effectiveness
faculty evaluations
educational master plan



view of the bay from merritt college



admissions

 welcome center
steps to apply & enroll
check admission status
merritt admissions process
admission and records
financial aid
class schedule
course catalog
counseling
why choose merritt?
orientation
outreach
guided pathways
enrollment services



academic services

 office of instruction (complaint form)
academic calendar
academic disciplines a-z
adult transition program
areas of interest/program maps
curriculum
guided self-placement
library
break
success programs

 student success program
africana center
career education
merritt college @fruitvale center
learning center / tutoring
student learning outcomes



learn about our student resources



campus life

 announcement calendar
campus life
cafeteria
student government
athletics
barbara lee & elihu harris lecture series
events
fitness center
learning center / tutoring
food bank
bookstore
graduation
basic needs resources
library
huey p newton lounge
inter club council
martin luther king jr. freedom center
phi theta kappa honor society
scholarships
lgbtq
learn more about merritt athletics programs



student services

 student services
counseling

 counseling
career center
adelante summer bridge
centro latino
first-year experience
sankofa – umoja
puente program
transfer center
learning center / tutoring



financial aid

 financial aid
merritt college promise



health and safety

 mental health services
student medical care
student complaint & grievance process
police
safety aides
title ix



library
students at merritt college*
enrollment services

 street scholars
calworks
eops/care
nextup
student accessibility services
veterans services
distance education
undocumented community resource center






 











welcome center is available in person and virtually. click here or scroll down for more info.
















          welcome to merritt college!        



register now!!





student links





 


              canvas/student campus solution login            





 


              emergency aid grants            





 


              free online tutoring            





 


              upcoming            





 


              library            





 


              financial aid            








              accreditation             





 


              admissions and records            





 


              area of interest/career paths here at merritt            





 


              welcome center            





 


              student support            








              student government            








 
click here to spring 2025 class schedule | click here to register 







 love your future at merritt college


study anytime, anywhere with online classes, or in-person.


get an aa/as degree, a certificate or enroll in classes to build skills/personal growth 


 enroll now!






 


 
 






ready for a season of adventure? 


 biosciences 101


 business




 fire science




 computer information systems




 cannabis class 


 


 


 




dates to remember



feb 2 – last day to drop regular session classes without a “w” appearing on transcripts | last day to add regular session classes online with an instructor-issued permission numbercensus due – instructors verify enrollment in classes
feb 14-17 – presidents’ birthday – holiday observance
mar 11 – professional day – no instruction
mar 14 – last day to file petitions for aa or as degree/certificate
mar 31 – cesar chavez – holiday observance
mar 31 – apr 6 – spring recess
more info.






 
not a merritt student? apply here for admissions!


we put students first. merritt classes


you are a merritt student? enroll with campus solutions


interested in hearing more about merritt college?let us know so we can keep in touch!


 merritt interest form
 cafe menu 















merritt news



 
 




merritt college will be hosting coffee & conversation with president johnson on tuesday, february 25, 2025. come join us!
you are warmly invited to an evening with minority leader of the united states house of representatives hakeem jeffries, feb 21, 2025, at 7pm. come join us!
ready to improve your english skills? join merritt college's online class: reading & writing 3 (esol 513). flexible schedule, fully online with optional zoom, and work from home & practice your english! class begins january 21, 2025.
don’t miss the merritt panthers men’s basketball team as they take on mendocino college in an exciting showdown! fri, jan 17 2025, 5:30 pm at merritt college gym, free admission. come out, show your panther pride, and cheer your team to victory!
celebrating black history month through the lens of dance! february 2025    
join us panther produce party! meet at every thursday 12pm to 4pm at basic needs center, olease bring your id card and own bags. see you there!
merritt basic needs center spring 2025 hours.

 merritt college #wellness center.  we're here to support your well-being!  call or request appt here click here!! need free over-the-counter supplies? stop by the wellness center today!







 
 
 

merritt college: home of black panthers
in honor of the anniversary of the founding of the black panther party, peralta tv is broadcasting its award-winning documentary “merritt college: home of the black panthers,” narrated by u. s. congresswoman barbara lee, it is a powerful film that chronicles the birth of the black panther party at merritt college during the politically, socially and economically turbulent 1960s.





cybersecurity program
real estate program
more programs click here






 
 
 





 
 

 
 
our mission statementmerritt college puts students first. through our rich educational programs, we foster a culture of equity and inclusion that empowers students to achieve their greatest potential and make meaningful contributions to their respective communities and our global society.


equity commitment


believing that it is our obligation to our students to confront societal racism and discrimination, we commit to the intentional and relentless application of equity and social justice as we cultivate academic excellence, self-determination, and informed civic engagement.


  merritt college core values 



 student access and success – we provide rigorous and engaging in-person and remote learning experiences that support the academic and personal achievements of our students, as well as advances in retention, persistence, and completion.
equity – we commit to supporting all of our students with the instruction, guidance, and resources that they need to achieve their educational goals.
inclusion – we encourage every member of the campus community to adopt our shared commitment to providing exceptional learning experiences, and to contribute to the ongoing success of the college through participatory governance.
diversity – we honor and respect the broad spectrum of backgrounds, experiences, languages, values, and cultures reflected by our campus community.
social justice – we strive to create a student-centered learning environment that supports equal opportunity and systemic change.








 
note: number (510) 587-7800 is no longer available. please contact the new merritt college student and faculty help desk at (510) 434-3900



 








merritt college

12500 campus drive,
oakland, ca 94619
(510) 531-4911
student and faculty help desk hotline
(510) 587-7800
helpdesk@cc.peralta.edu




















accreditation
disability support services
peralta district
site index
student success scorecard
website support
 

				© merritt college 2020 all rights reserved.			




 

 




















































































loading comments...



 


write a comment...




email (required)



name (required)



website









































































