









yoga studio in davie fl | yoga broward county fl























































































davie 954-577-5777
info@theyogaconnection.com

 




 












schedule
policies & procedures
pricing
workshops & events
classes
teachers
virtual studio tour
free class (for locals only)
 


select page


  
 
 














slide 2
link









your title goes hereyour content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.
click here









your title goes hereyour content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.
click here









your title goes hereyour content goes here. edit or remove this text inline or in the module content settings. you can also style every aspect of this content in the module design settings and even apply custom css to this text in the module advanced settings.
click here










sign in to mindbody







 welcome to yoga connection®…yoga for everybody
we’ve proudly served broward county for 20 years, offering hot & non-hot studio rooms for a variety of all-levels classes daily, in addition to workshops and a teacher training program. rooms are covered with special anti-microbial, shock absorbing yoga flooring for a clean, comfortable practice, and stale air is recycled for safer breathing.  our rates are affordable with special pricing for students, seniors, teachers, first responders, nurses and military.  our skilled, caring instructors are trained in many yoga styles and each provide a different, continually challenging experience.  our variety of classes are accessible for yogis of all levels and body types.  
yoga is a physical and spiritual practice providing deep health benefits.  it’s the perfect stress management tool for developing the ability to cope with everyday life.  our classes are non-intimidating, accessible, and provide a comforting oasis for you to explore without judgment or pressure.  leave feeling stronger, relaxed, and recharged.



















 







important pageslive schedule
prices
policies and procedures
teachers
classes
davie 6555 nova drive
suite 302
davie, fl 33317
954-577-5777



pembroke pines (closed permanently)  
 

 




areas we serve

plantation | weston | cooper city
© 2021 yoga connection davie, fl
all rights reserved
design by winning play marketing
954-665-1055.
privacy policy 





























