




	texas food handlers license | online texas food handler card - responsible training



























 
 









 



















cart


my account




login















                                                                        logout









 
course catalogfood handler training food manager training alcohol seller serverallergen awareness trainingunderground storage traininggroup solutions corporate solutionsproctor/seller solutionshealth dept. solutionsnews & blogmore informationcontact usfaqabout ushelp getting your certificate



































texas food handlers certificate

















  
 texas food handlers course  $9.99     seats       









training at scale? learn more about our corporate solutions




get your texas food handlers certificate today




obtaining a texas food handlers license is simple. all you have to do is finish a training program and pass an exam to get a food handlers card that is valid in houston, dallas, san antonio, austin, or anywhere else in texas.
this food handlers course has been developed to meet the anab (ansi national accreditation board) ansi/astm e2659-18 standard practice for certificate programs requirements by training experts with the guidance of health department food safety officials, food management professionals and food handlers like you. it is periodically updated to stay current with food codes and to improve quality; learn about changes here.




course language availability





english
spanish | español
chinese | 中国人
vietnamese | tiếng việt















live support
need help? feel free to contact our u.s. based customer service
customer service|512-996-0909
press 1 for customer service
email|info@safewayclasses.com
hours of operation | 9am–6pmmonday–friday
accreditation id | 1042












what our customers are saying





"the team at responsible training has been professional and helpful every step of the way. getting al of the managers at our 19 restaurants food safety certified has been a breeze. all of us at freddy's frozen custard and steakburgers in houston look forward to working with responsible training in the future."
clay phillipsdirector of trainingfreddy's frozen custard






"we've seen a significant positive response from our customers who find responsible training's courses enjoyable and user-friendly."
anthony spanelcity of amarillodept. of environmental health 





"responsible training made learning about food safety engaging and practical. understanding how to control germs and cook safely has been invaluable."
rick gaunafood safety educators





"i loved how their exams used everyday language. it made the learning process much more straightforward and less intimidating."
clay phillipsdirector of trainingfreddy's frozen custard




▼
▼















course overview
this course consists of 6 lessons and a final exam. the lessons are:









lesson 1
food safety basics


lesson 2
personal hygiene


lesson 3
receiving and storing food




lesson 4
the danger zone


lesson 5
sanitation, cleaning and maintenance


lesson 6
employee health status
























texas food handlers certificate details









does the state of texas require a food handlers certificate?

texas administrative code rule 228.33 requires that all food employees complete an ansi-accredited training course within 60 days of getting hired.
food employees, according to the txdshs, are those who deal with unpackaged food, food equipment or utensils, or food-contact surfaces. this can include fast-food joints, coffee shops, food trucks, bakeries, as well as brick-and-mortar restaurants and bars.
give your employer a copy of your card once you've received it so they can keep it on hand. according to state law, your employer must keep a paper copy or electronic copy of your certificate of completion on the premises at all times.



where can i find more information about food handlers certificate in texas?


secretary of state of texas: the texas administrative code, as well as other published versions of rules and regulations, can be found online.
food safety, permits, and licensing are all controlled by the texas department of state health services, which focuses on public health.
feel free to visit the texas department of state health services website or go to the food handler education or training program for more information. 








how can i use the texas food handlers certificate?

you may distribute physical and electronic copies of your responsible training food handlers certificate to current and prospective employers, government agencies, or anyone else to demonstrate that you have met the requirements laid out in the anab (ansi national accreditation board) ansi/astm e2659-18 standard practice for certificate programs. according to this program, when referring to yourself as a certificate holder, you may say that you are a "responsible training food handler certificate recipient" or a "holder of a responsible training food handler certificate." you may not say that you are "certified," "certificated," "licensed," "registered," or "accredited."



what jobs can i get in texas with a food handlers certification?


as previously stated, you can work in a variety of establishments with your food handlers certificate. and there are multiple positions within each establishment. texas' food and beverage business is one of the largest in the nation and is rapidly expanding.
according to the texas restaurant association, 1,344200 restaurant and food service jobs were available in 2019, accounting for 10% of total employment. more importantly, by 2029, that number is expected to increase by 15.2%.





learn more about the texas food handlers course from the frequently asked questions.



















other courses you may need












texas alcohol server training (tabc)









allergen awareness training









texas underground storage tank class a&b



















































home
                                    
                                company policies
                                    
                                your privacy
                                    
                            

terms & conditions
                                   
                                refunds, complaints & appeals






                            address:12741 research blvd, austin, texas, 78759p: 512-996-0909













subscribe for email updates






first name*





last name*






email*




submit



















all rights reserved. copyright 2023 safeway certifications, llc, responsibletraining.com, learntabc.com, texasfoodhandler.com, texasfoodmanager.com

                    



[scripts]












