










home - fergus falls area chamber of commerce


























































 
 





















skip to content








































					member login				



































menu 
about the chamber about us board of directors meet the chamber staff contact usmember center membership options sponsorship opportunities member applicationevents community calendar chamber annual events submit your eventresources business directory chamber business services ignite community leadership member news advocacy job postings hot deals business buzz newsletterexplore fergus falls mn / otter tail county shopping dining








 















 
belong. connect. succeed.
 


 
belong. connect. succeed.
 


 
belong. connect. succeed.
 


 
belong. connect. succeed.
 




















we serve as the lead advocate and resource for our members and create partnerships that foster a healthy business climate.

















welcome. join the circle.
we are the largest professional business organization in otter tail county, minnesota, dedicated to your success. more than 330 members have invested to build a strong business community.
search directory









what our members say

 

“the chamber promotion and outreach helped my kickstarter campaign feel strong and backed by the community. thanks to the chamber we could reach many people with our vision that we would not have alone.”

blayze buseth, owner of creation shop





“investing in the chamber is a distinct way of strengthening our community. there is undeniable value in being a part of something bigger. i love connecting people, planting that seed that inspires people to continue to grow that local relationship and keep learning.”

melissa davis, closing agent at n.f. field abstract co. & ff chamber board past chair





“my experience coming into the chamber office was amazing. i'm still a new member, but i got a lead on two jobs last week!”

don martin, owner of big boys painting





“the battle of the businesses bowling event is a neat way to get our staff out in the community and have a good teambuilding time.”

morganne stinsman, comstock construction





“the chamber provides me a place to connect with other businesses, learn about issues that impact the business community, voice concerns, and find solutions to serve my clients better.”

jamie larson, larson insurance





“in my time as mayor, i can't think of one major issue that we haven't gone to the chamber to get the feedback of chamber members to use in the decision-making process. i can guarantee that this input has gone into the decisions the city is making.”

ben schierer, former mayor of fergus falls



 









become a member
membership with the chamber opens doors to new opportunities. choose from five membership levels with the benefits desired to reach your goals.
learn more

















what we offer






you don't need to be in this business alone. feel the support of other businesses and be able to talk about the struggles you are having. this is what your chamber is all about. let us assist you in networking with other businesses, advocating on your behalf with local, county, and state legislation, and assist you in promoting what you have to offer to the greater public.
























 business directory 










find just what you are looking for by searching in our directory list of chamber business members. 
view directory























 resources 










we offer many business resources and services. take a look and see what we offer. 
learn more

























 networking 










we connect your business to other businesses, while having fun. 
learn more























 advocacy 










business advocacy is a top priority for our chamber. we stay informed on policy impacting your business so you can take care of your business. we strive to strongly advocate for and increase visibility of key issues. 
learn more
















upcoming events















view calendar

















                                future ready workforce grant - business application                            














                                future ready workforce grant - intern reimbursement form                            














                                march virtual chamber cafe                            






next
previous






featured event
















shop, move 'n groove highlights ~ july 11, 2024







https://growthzonecmsprodeastus.azureedge.net/sites/187/2024/08/shop-move-‘n-groove-july-11-2024-shorter-video-2.mp4
















 
job postings
search for current area job openings.
find a job









 
hot deals
view current business specials or promotions.
start saving









 
business buzz
learn more about our weekly email newsletter.
sign up

















thank you to our sponsors















                                leighton                            












                                ottertail                            












                                vector                            












                                lake region                            












                                service                            












                                northern contours                            












                                gate city bank                            












                                bremer                            












                                minnesota motor                            












                                fmb bank                            












                                park region                            












                                mb                            












                                american federal                            












                                bell bank                            












                                city of fergus falls                            












                                fleet farm access                            












                                pioneer care                            












                                summit carbon                            












                                walmart                            












                                northwestern bank                            












                                fergus home & hardware                            












                                ymca of the northern sky                            












                                ak builders                            





next
previous









 












© 2025 fergus falls area chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












fergus falls area chamber of commerce









phone




218.736.6951 










location




202 south court streetfergus falls, mn 56537 










email




email us 










facebook





instagram














member login




member login 










job search




job search 







search the website



















 © 2025 fergus falls area chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved. 








 
scroll to top



























