








grant writing & development experts | research associates



























































toggle navigation menu
















grant experience 


grant writing 


grant writers 


giving back 


contact us 
























leading in grant developmentfor over 38 years!



about research associates - the grant experts
research associates - the grant experts (ra) is the 
premier grant writing and development firm with over 314 grants totaling
 nearly $850 million in funding for over 156 organizations (87 school 
districts plus 69 nonprofits, universities, and health agencies). 
from initial research through final approval, our 
grant development process uses a partner-focused, team approach to 
achieve the greatest return on investment.

        explore our process
        
    






statistics






38
plus years experience in the industry







314
grants awarded







$850
million in grant funds secured







156
organizations we have served







100%
partner satisfaction







100%
on-time submissions









communities we serve
research associates has proudly served school 
districts, universities, healthcare agencies, and nonprofit 
organizations for over 38 years, securing federal, state, foundation, 
and corporate grants totaling nearly $850 million to help children, 
teachers, education leaders, colleges of education, schools, and 
healthcare providers enhance programs, create new programs, further 
research, and support continuous improvement. our annual 100% partner 
satisfaction rating speaks to our values and belief in long-term 
partnerships.


education

early childhood programsk-12 schools
charter schools
magnet schools
universitiescommunity colleges



healthcare agencies

hospitals
wellness centers
hospice providers
mental health facilities
university medical centers



nonprofit programs

public charities
private foundations
private operating foundations
private corporations




        see our experience
        
    


 


a team approach to grant development
our team of grant professionals includes grant 
writers, budget analysts, researchers, strategists, technical writers, 
and evaluators to help you achieve maximum grant awards as we 
custom-develop each innovative and evidence-based proposal.

        see our team approach
        
    


 


giving back

                  our purpose of creating opportunities to improve lives
 fuels us to impact the lives of many through monetary donations, 
hands-on community service team projects and volunteer events, and 
donations of goods and services to charities in our hometowns and across
 the nation.
























        see our impact
        
    





from our partners
research associates builds long-term partnerships through exceptional service, attention to detail, innovative best practices, and high-quality work. partner surveys from the last five years indicate that 100% of partners would use ra again and would recommend ra to others.




                thank you all for a super-smooth and super-successful process! what a thorough and stellar job! beautiful!
grant officer, south carolina


                thank you for helping us through this process and for your leadership. we look forward to working with you as we seek to impact literacy and help our children develop a love for reading.
superintendent, north carolina


                we can't thank you enough for developing the grant!! wow—you were amazing in such a time crunch!! you are indeed the grant experts!
director of grants, georgia


                the team was able to assimilate lots of information that i gave them about our district and our goals with limited knowledge or us ahead of time. their ability to listen closely to learn about us and to determine how to focus all of this in a grant was outstanding.
project director


                ra is research-based and the proficiency of their knowledge makes grant development seamless.
executive director, florida


                the best part was starting from scratch with our team and having a great proposal at the end of the process. i am always amazed how they take a few sentences, thoughts, and ideas to come up with a wonderful plan to help students and teachers.
project director, georgia


                working with ra was an excellent experience. their team is so knowledgeable and skilled! our team both loved and appreciated the amount of time ra spent with us as we conceptualized and planned our grant. they were active listeners and created a body of work authentic to our organization and this project.
director, virginia


                i have truly enjoyed working with you and all of the team. the support and guidance you have given to me cannot easily be put into words. thank you for your commitment to us and our initiatives.
project director, south carolina


                the ra team shows a sincere interest in the program and builds a relationship with our team. i like the comprehensive approach to the process and that you have expertise in research, writing, project management, and editing.
project director, florida


                the grant development process is efficient.thank you for focusing on the process and not just the final product. your team has always provided high-quality work and it's highly efficient too.
school district grant director, south carolina


                ra's responsiveness is incredible. the individuals i've worked with have been technically superb but also people-oriented. it's been a very pleasant experience working with the team!!!
assistant superintendent, south carolina


                thank you all for the tremendous work you invested in our district! you all are true partners! you all are amazing.
executive director, north carolina


                your team is so great to take our notes and ideas and turn them into a comprehensive plan - it's always amazing!
school district grant director, tennessee


                it has been a pleasure to collaborate with your team on this exciting opportunity. we appreciate everyone's attention to content, detail, and deadlines.
executive director, massachusetts


                another great experience in the books! your lines of communication have always been great; we know you are always right there!
associate superintendent, georgia


                ra puts in the time to detail to ensure they have input and buy-in from departments that will ultimately lead the work. positive interactions and ra's commitment to creating a workable, high-quality proposal is evident. i appreciate the team's knowledge and willingness to talk through the budget and narrative as needed to get the result the district needs.
school district grant director, north carolina


                thank you so much for such excellent customer service! i have enjoyed working with you and the team in developing this grant. kudos—it's a winner!
assistant superintendent, georgia


                i appreciated the research that ra did in regard to demographics and programming. in addition, not having to focus on the grammar and document formatting pieces took a load off my plate.
project director


                thank you for guiding us through this process! the expertise and knowledge you provided throughout the process was extremely helpful. you made it all seem so easy!
executive director, north carolina


                the personal attention and the proposals are not cookie-cutter but written specifically for our organization. having the benefit of ra's other partner experiences.
school district grant director, tennessee

























previous



next












 
			research associates, po box 736, bluffton, sc 29910
		

			© copyright 2025 research associates — 
			accessibility — 
			
website design by dubose web group
			











