







industrial spring corporation homepage - industrial spring corporation






























































proud to be employee owned

 









call us at  816.741.6073 

toggle navigation







products 

compression springs
extension springs
torsion springs
wire forms
flat springs


tech resources 

glossary of spring technology
properties of common spring materials
product tech library


industries served
about isc 

case studies
careers
iso registration


contact us
get a quote
 






 



previous



next



iso 9001:2015 registered
when you need the right people for the job.
each employee of isc is an owner and has a direct stake in your satisfaction as our customer
learn more
 





 high quality mechanical springs and formed metal products industrial spring is dedicated to building long-term partnerships with our customers as their most valued spring supplier. we have a proven track record of supplying the top quality parts our customer require, providing them when the customer needs them and providing them at very competitive pricing. compression springs extension springs  torsion springs wire forms  flat springs      case studies to see case studies, product images of previous work or videos of our employee owners producing springs use the following links.      anti-rattle spring   brush collector ring spring   compression spring for the plastic rotational molding industry   counter balance torsion spring for roll up door   custom fabricated extension spring for lawn equipment manufacturer   extended hook extension spring for canopies   fillet pin for a food application   precision cnc wire forming of a steel latch pin handle   precision fabrication of a stainless steel compression spring   torsion spring for door latch        view all case studies      industries served for over 50 years, industrial spring has built long-term partnerships with its customers by solving their problems and adapting to meet their needs. we continue to search for improvements to offer world class manufacturing of springs and wire forms. these are just of few of the types of customers and industries that we serve.  learn more 



start a project with usget a quote




products

compression springs
extension springs
torsion springs
flat springs


resources

glossary of spring technology
properties of common spring materials


 

 industrial spring corporation
1801 bedford ave.
north kansas city, mo 64116
 816.741.6073 816.741.1070 (fax) 



© 2025 industrial spring corporation. all rights reserved. 
career opportunities



































