


leukorrhea - vaginal discharge during pregnancy


















 



    
	leukorrhea - vaginal discharge during pregnancy
	
  

 


monday, march 13, 2006



	 
	 leukorrhea (vaginal discharge during pregnancy)
	 
    

basicsleukorrhea is a whitish, somewhat thick discharge from the vagina. normally, vaginal discharge occurs intermittently throughout the menstrual cycle, with a somewhat greater than usual amount during pregnancy. constant leukorrhea, a change in its consistency, or a greater discharge than usual may be signs of a vaginal or uterine infection, a tumor, or various other gynecological disorders.symptomsthe symptoms of monilia vaginitis are:dischargeitchingburningpainful intercoursethe discharge is white and curdy, looking something like cottage cheese, and is easily discovered by self-examination. it has a yeast odor.the vagina, which is usually pale pink, turns bright red. this redness often spreads to the vulva, which one can see with a mirror.the discoloration can reach all the way to the anus. it can cause swelling and become very painful. sometimes the irritation becomes so severe that walking is difficult. often there are whitish or grayish areas or spots either in the vagina or on the vulva.it is possible to have monilia in the mouth. this is usually caused by antibiotic therapy, although sometimes also by oral sex. it looks like curdy white patches in the mouth, which bleed if scraped. oral pain and fever can occur.preventionall the anal diseases including hemorrhoids mostly breed in filth caused by the unhygienic management of one’s anus, & also in the thrombus & congestion of one's vein by forcible use of toilet roll. it is highly required for female to manage her private parts clearly, because it could cause diseases (i.e. non-gonorrheal urethritis), when the colitis germs that remained around one’s anus, entered into her vagina while wiping away feces or menstruation with toilet roll.causesit can be caused by a vaginal infection such as trichomonas or candidiasis (thrush), or irritation by a foreign body such as an iud, a forgotten tampon or even a vaginal tumor.diagnosiswhen leukorrhea becomes a source of vaginal pain or irritation, a woman should go to see her doctor. the diagnosis of monilia vaginitis can be done by the characteristic appearance and odor of the discharge, the presence of white or gray patches in the vagina, and the inflammation of the vulvar area.to substantiate this clinical diagnosis, the physician microscopically examines a wet smear of the vaginal discharge for the typical yeast like organisms.a swab of the vaginal discharge can also be placed on a special culture medium. the culture will grow within a few days, even at room temperature.anti-yeast suppositories and creams are the most common treatments for monilia infections. some preparations can also be taken orally, but high doses are needed for effective treatment of monilia infections.dietary guidelinesit would be a good idea for women to eat yogurt while taking antibiotics. in fact, yogurt is a useful addition to the diet of any women who has or is predisposed to yeast infections. she must, of course, eat yogurt that contains live cultures; this counterbalances the yeast in the vagina. it has been suggested with plain yogurt (again, only yogurt with live cultures) could be applied like a vaginal cream for the treatment of monilia infection. the effectiveness of this yogurt has not been tested in long-term experiments.home care suggestionscoli can reach the vagina because of poor hygiene of changing from anal and vaginal intercourse. women should be careful after defecation to clean themselves from front to back, not from back to front, to ensure that coli bacilli not get into the vagina. mycoplasma is another microorganism associated with vaginitis; alone it causes no symptoms but it is usually been found with bacteria. it can cause infertility.mind/body considerationsthese diseases occur when the body resistance is low. in order to build resistance it is very necessary to have a healthy life style one that helps build body resistance for that it is necessary to adopt a cycle that is beneficial to the mind and the body.link exchangebaby, beauty, candy, cologne - free samples, freebies and free stuff such as baby products, beauty products, candy, cologne, perfume and much more.viagra - viagraonline.md is the best place to find and buy viagra, we list the best quality pharmacies online.alka-slim-supply - alkalize your body and lose weightvitamin-d-max - maintain strong bones, prevent cancer and multiple sclerosiscoral-calcium-supply - robert barefoot coral calcium at discount prices.lose weight dieting and weight loss - an invaluable online resource for people wishing to lose weight in a controlled, healthy mannerhoodia gordonii outlet - provides hoodia gordonni news, reviews, and buying guide.supreme greens - visit findgreathealth.com - official distributor of dr. alex guerrero's supreme greens with msm, coral calcium ultra, adrenal plus, and other fine health supplements.cialis - buy brand name cialis online securely and discreetly. all cialis tablets are genuine and are fda approved. all orders are shipped in discreet packaging.cholesterol- metabolizer - lower cholesterol without drugsbuy vicodin - order vicodin or other hydrocodone based medications from our online pharmacy!drugs online - we offer a wide selection of the most popular drugs online... with free medical consultations, fast shipping, low prices and toll-free customer support!buy lorcet - order lorcet or other hydrocodone based medications from our online pharmacy!megathik instant hair thickene - not a spray or a cream, revolutionary new product will instantly eliminate the the appearance of bald or thinning hair. you've got to see it to believe it.buy lortab - order lortab or other hydrocodone based medications from our online pharmacy!cialis - order cialis and other medications online from top trusted sources.weight loss and health with far infrared undergarments - distinctive slimming bodysuits for your weight loss and health - using technologically-advanced, scientifically-proven far infrared technology.

posted by herbsmd.com at 
      10:50 am 
       |
         4 comments










top brands

source naturals
solaray
now foods
jarrow formulas
natra-bio
quantum
biotech corporation
pinnacle

top products

5-htp
horny goat weed
guarana
ashwagandha
resveratrol
borage oil
holy basil
boswellia
spearmint
huperzine a
garcinia
genistein
progesterone cream
curcumin
agar agar powder
d-mannose powder
wobenzym n
7-keto dhea
artemisinin
red yeast rice
shea butter soap
hoodia gordonii
astaxanthin
graviola
pantethine
oscillococcinum
saccharomyces boulardii
red marine algae
bromelain
lipodrene
relora
bromelain
coenzyme q10
stamina rx
xenadrine efx
glucomannan
gotu kola
avena sativa
gymnema sylvestre
beta glucan
guggulsterones
guggulipid
herp-eeze

top blogs

red yeast rice
wobenzym n
hgh (human growth hormone)
leukorrhea
natural skin care
hoodia gordonii





 

 

 


