



















b


gccbs






gccb



our society

about us
contact us
meetings
our mission


our shelter 

adoption
information
our birds
bird boarding
surrender
volunteer


resources

avian vets
articles
avian care
club & rescues


donate
join
volunteer
contacts






 
greater chicago cage bird society
317 s. ardmore ave. villa park illinois
all visits are by appointment only. we are not open to the public. 

 

 

cockatiels make great pets!
cockatiels are good companions for first time bird owners. did you know, cockatiels are one of 52 species of parrot native to australia? they are known to whistle tunes and are usually gentle pets. we have many cockatiels in need of a good, loving home.
 
 

blue-crowned amazon
known as great talkers, they can also be great singers! they tend to be social and like to be the center of attention, like most amazon parrots. obesity in blue-crowned amazons is common, which makes it imperative to provide a varied diet consisting of nuts, fruits and veggies on a daily basis as well as a minimum of 3-4 hours out of cage time.

 
 

joey, scarlet macaw
joey is always so much fun! he loves to play "where's the duck?" joey required an owner who is patient and knew how to read his body language. he recently found a new home and is bonding well with his new human momma. macaws need to build trust with prospective adopters, so it's important to come visit several times before taking a macaw home.

 
 

sun conure
beautiful and intelligent, sun conures require a tolerance for loud sounds. for this reason, many are given up. but they are comical and make excellent companions. they are usually quiet at night time.

 
 

budgerigars, (budgies, also known as parakeets)
did you know, males can have a large vocabulary? these little beauties are gentle and entertaining. they are good birds to start with, if you have no experience. they do require veggies and fruit, just as much as the large parrots.

 
 

wally, blue & gold macaw
having been with us for over 2 years, wally has become an old friend. he can be a sweet boy if he likes you. like most macaws, he picks his friends. due to a neglectful past home, he had plucked his feathers. most birds pluck because of poor diet and/or lack of attention or stimulation.

 
 

josie, lilac crowned amazon
josie was a previous resident...adopted by a nice family. she is a sweet and well socialized girl. there are several types of amazon parrots. most are great talkers but they require experienced bird handlers to meet their needs.

 
 

micky, moluccan cockatoo
micky was adopted through us to a great new home. one of the largest of the cockatoo family, moluccans originate from the south moluccan islands in eastern indonesia. cockatoos are very needy birds; they love to be loved and if not given proper attention and stimulation, they pluck their feathers. it's important to provide a lot of safe chew toys, a variety of nuts, fruits, and veggies, as well as a lot of attention to keep a "tou" happy.

 
 

smokey, meyers parrot
this older fellow was adopted to one of our volunteers...he's simply a sweetheart but he is a "special needs" bird due to severe arthitis in his wing. meyers are the only african parrots with a vibrant blue and torquois belly. they are usually a great family bird. they like to swing and play with toys, they love food, and they love to ride on your shoulder.

 
 

rescue & adoption shelter
our facility at 317 south ardmore avenue in villa park houses all types of pet birds, from finch to macaws. we are a 501c3 organization, run soley by volunteers and mainly funded by donations. over the past year, we have placed over 400 birds in new homes. volunteers are needed to help us properly care for these wonderful creatures.

 

 




2024 announcements
 



 

surrendering a bird
we are at capacity for many types of birds.
we take in more birds as adoptions are completed.
email us for more information: surrender@gccbc.org
include photos and information about the bird you want to surrender.
unfortunately, we are unable to accept every request.
 

2025 election
ballots have been sent by email.

 
adoptions
the adoption process ...
• visits will be by appointment after submission of an application.
• once your application is received, we can schedule an appointment for a visit.
• no photos, we need a scanned doument. you may also mail it,  but give us a headsup by email to watch for it.
• videos cannot be emailed. they must be uploaded to a 3rd party service. our preference is google drive.
• please be as complete as possible when answering the questions on the application.
•  email the application and a link to the video to adoption@gccbc.org.
• see our facebook page for photos and videos of some of our birds.
• more information can be found here on our webpage.
• need more help? have questions on the process? send us a message on facebook messenger.
  
wishlist
the birds have put together a wishlist of items we could use at the shelter.
also, we are usually in need of clean newspaper of any size to line the bottoms of cages.
no ad mailers or inserts, please. we cannot use shiny paper.
 

at the shelter...
join our group of volunteers
our work hours are 10am to 2pm.
if interested in volunteering at the shelter, email volunteer@gccbc.org
for more information. we are especially in need of weekday volunteers.
 




 
volunteer. donate. review.  
 


 

the doris day foundation
thank you for supporting our rescue!
      





 
our new mission
 rescue, educate, share experiences
read more...  

 

 
sponsor a bird
 when you sponsor a bird, you enable gccbs to provide for the needs of our flock. 
read more... 
 

 
help our cause
 
read more... 
 

 


home | adoption | links | contacts | privacy policy

contact: webmaster | info@gccbc.org | copyright ©2019 gcc bird society all rights reserved.

custom web design by gloriagrafix@outlook.com
















































