










vic cycles - sports fitness & conditioning - personal training cec coursesvic cycles – sports fitness & conditioning | personal training cec courses	


































skip to primary contentskip to secondary content


vic cycles – sports fitness & conditioning
personal training cec courses


 

search




main menu

homeabout fitness
contact form
privacy
terms







post navigation
← older posts




5 benefits of power bag training

posted on august 12, 2021  by  regina allen 


power bag training is a key aspect of dangerously fit, mma and military exercise. but do you know why this type of workout is so popular?



i am sure many may be wondering what makes one form of physical activity stand out amongst the rest. well power bag weight lifting can trace its roots back to ancient civilizations where it was primarily used for weighing down cargo ships in order to keep them balanced at sea or on land as well as being an important part of cultural festivals such as mardi gras when revellers would parade around with bags filled with beads and other trinkets which were later exchanged for gifts from spectators who had gathered along the route.
powerbags are a way to take an ancient practice and make it more modern. it’s been around since the earliest civilizations of man, but for some reason has started making its comeback in recent years with the dangerously fit power bag.
working your muscles in a different, but equally strenuous way is very important. a good workout routine should not be just one thing over and over again or else it’s going to get stale quick! adding power bag training into the mix can help you better sculpt those hard-to-reach places while also teaching your body new skills that will come in handy during other workouts.
more and more people are realizing the benefits of power bag training. these include increased fitness, improved strength or weight loss, as well as variety in your workout routine.
power bag exercises are a great way to cut out the gym and get in quality exercise with just your body weight. that’s right, when you’re outside during this rainy season there is no need for a heavy bag!
you can take all of those weights from inside of your house or garage (or even use some things lying around like water bottles!) and find any surface that will work as an incline such as steps, benches, curbsides etc. the best part? power bags don’t require special equipment so they’re more affordable than going to the gym every day – which comes with its own expense: $20-$50 per month depending on where you live including taxes.
power bag exercises are a form of resistance training that uses weighted bags or similar equipment. you can do an overhead press, for example, with different apparatus such as dumbbells and barbells.
the benefits of power bag lifting include increased muscle mass which improves your metabolism so that it burns fat faster than before; decreased chance for injury because there’s no banging around against heavy weights when doing squats and lunges; cardio-respiratory improvements from working out at high intensity levels on short bursts without breaks between sets due to lower recovery time needed during workout sessions but higher overall calorie burn rate afterwards.
the power bag is the perfect solution for unstable training because it’s easy to manipulate and carry around. it can help you build strength while still being safe, unlike using exercise balls or wobble boards where your weight limit would be much more limited.
power bags are often used in exercises as well which gives users a wide variety of options to keep workouts varied and interesting so they stay on track with their fitness goals!
other types of instability training, such as wobble boards or exercise balls usually impact the volume of a load that you can handle. but with a power bag, users can still exert themselves to gain the strength benefits.
if you’re feeling like the power bag is too easy, but still want to challenge yourself with a heavier weight or different motion from your normal routine than try training using them. training on unstable surfaces forces more muscles in your body into action and will make any workout feel tougher!
training on an unstable surface makes for a tough workout that engages all of the stabilizer muscles throughout their full range of motion as well as muscle groups not used often during regular workouts. this means if you are wanting to increase difficulty without increasing weight then this might be just what you need!
a power bag is one of the most versatile training tools you can use. whether it be for a workout or just to get some extra strength in your arms, there’s no better way than with these sacks full of grains and other materials. i recommend investing on more than one because they’re so easy to store – fill them up and then let gravity do its work!
a power bag has many benefits that make it stand out from all other such weightlifting equipment: first off, when lifting normal weights like dumbbells at the gym, if you don’t put much force into using an arm muscle (for example), nothing happens; but while carrying around heavy objects outside for extended periods as part of your exercise routine- say by rock climbing.
power bag training is an exercise regimen that can provide the benefits of weightlifting, core strengthening and cardio by using a sand bag. not only does it strengthen your muscles to keep you resilient but also strengthens them so they are less likely to give out on you when carrying heavy things around like groceries or laundry baskets.



posted in power bag 




the only bulgarian bag training program to help you lose up to 1 kilo every week…. guaranteed!

posted on may 17, 2021  by  regina allen 


from: dan claydangerously fit bulgarian bags australia
if you want to get into great shape… then this could be the most important website you’ll ever visit.
my name is dan and i own dangerously fit bulgarian bags.
for 14 years i’ve been helping thousands of people in australia and the with a fitness formula that works time after time without fail… and i know will do the same for you!
results like….losing body-fat without fad diets or spending hours in a boring gym.fitting into designer clothes that have been gathering dust at the back of the wardrobe.having more energy to spend with family and friends.toning your muscles so you can feel confident with the way you look.are you finally ready…
to flatten and tone your tummy?to kiss bye-bye to strict diets and expensive shakes that don’t work?to have someone motivate, encourage and inspire you every bulgarian bag workout?
to look and feel your best?here’s what you need to do…
but first you must understand… if you’re looking for a magic bullet or for something to alleviate your sense of guilt, then our hydrocore bag training workouts are not for you.
however… if you’re totally committed to getting into the killer shape then i’ll get you there as quick as humanly possible.
but… you’ll need to act quickly… we can only train so many people and spots will fill fast.
as you can see dangerously fit bulgarian bags get’s real results for real people… …just like you. see for yourself on the bulgarian bag australia facebook page.
just click the register button below and get immediate access to all dangerously fit bulgarian bags classes: www.bulgarianbag.com.au






posted in bulgarian bags 




functional fitness trainers marketing tips

posted on august 27, 2020  by  regina allen 


getting more clients for your functional training business is a constant challenge that all functional trainer and fitness instructors face. it is important to use various online marketing strategies to attract new clients and sell your skills to them
word of mouththis is the most common and widely used fitness marketing tool that is often overlooked by many. there is no better marketing tool than having an existing client advertise your services to procure new members for your services. this is the precise reason why you must keep your existing clients happy with your services and occasionally reward their loyalty by giving them goodies, discounts, schemes and free training sessions.

refer-a-friendask your existing clients to get new memberships and reward them for it. many functional trainers come up with such schemes and organize competitions. this encourages clients to advertise your services and get new clients. for every referral that they make, they can be awarded with loyalty points which they can redeem for a gift or for free training sessions.
seothe internet can be a great way to find new clients, particulary google and bing. fitness seo is big business for those who know search engine optimization.
be differentstand out in the market place, learn new skills and train with tools that will set you apart. dangerously fit steel clubs is a great place to buy functional training equipment and i highly recommend you start there before you go to one of the big retailers.



posted in uncategorized 




macebell training affects your mass weight

posted on april 21, 2020  by  regina allen 


you will notice an increase in your weight when you start engaging yourself in doing macebell exercises for a longer period of time. this may sound absurd to you because you normally believe that your workout sessions should bring about weight loss. when i joined dangerously fit, our gada workouts were 45-minutes long.
your muscles, the amount of air in your lungs, blood count, urine and the tissues tend to increase immediately after you exercise. hence, the next time you step on those weighing scales right after an exercise and you notice an increase in your weight.
do not curse yourself for not losing your fats because the calculation shown on the scales is not just about your fats. it’s also about a lot of other parts of your body that are responding to your workout sessions. much of it will depend on how heavy is a macebell compared to your relative strength.
mark your macebell in social mediayou can add value to your macebell boot camp website’s ranking by writing fitness blogs and by sharing them on social media. it will be shared and re-shared by readers and their followers. social media is a place where the discount or offer messages that you make will gain immediate reach.



interact with your audienceyou can include a call to action page to urge your readers to communicate and to convert them as your clients. you can allow them to book appointments or to give feedbacks. you can ensure higher client’s satisfaction by answering their queries in the form of updates for blogs and website.
now you are all set to build a fabulous website. you can make yourself busy in your fitness training sessions while your well performing fitness marketing website does all the toil to drive in more clients to your business. if you want to join an outdoor fitness macebell boot camp then i highly recommend it. this type of training has done wonders for me and i’m sure will do the same for you.



posted in courses 




tips for marketing your personal training cec courses

posted on july 17, 2019  by  regina allen 


running personal trainer cec courses is very demanding. it is like a one-man show as you are in charge of everything – right from working with your clients, to handling the financial transactions, as well as marketing your business and having an awesome website design to bring on more clients. it can not only get tiring but also pinch your pocket as you have to plan carefully about every expense. so, if you are on a tight budget, then it will compromise on your fitness marketing strategy.
alternatively, once you have invested in your website design you must also think of a few low cost fitness marketing ideas so that you are able to promote your business without spending much, then here are few tips.
send press releases
remember, since you are the start of your company, you have to constantly promote yourself. write press releases and send it across the local and community newspapers. a press release is an effective way to reach out a lot of people in one go.
the icing on top would be if you are working with a local celebrity or an eminent personality. all you have to do is ask the celebrity or eminent personality to endorse your work in the press release. when a famous person recognises your work, then you are an instant hit and your demand increases around your area. dangerously fit personal training are excellent at this, just take a look at their facebook page and you’ll see what i mean.
flyer campaigns every month
it is so easy for people to forget your existence if you do not actively keep reminding them of your personal training business. as part of the fitness marketing strategy, flyer campaigns work really well. write your content clearly and make sure your address is mentioned in bold. in addition, go for colours that are attractive. yellow and black is a great combination and works every time to grab future customer’s attention. visit https://academy.dangerouslyfit.com.au/ for more information.
get involved with your community
if your community is organising a marathon, then you can always volunteer and organise a booth. since you are a personal trainer by profession, you can conduct workshops on what needs to be done to sustain your energy during a marathon. keep the workshops free so that there are more and more members who can attend it. in the end, it is a win-win situation, as you are getting a strong exposure. in addition, when your suggested tips for the marathon work, you will earn more clients as they would start believing in your potential as a personal trainer.
social media
remember, there is nothing like spreading the message through social media. create a page with your business name on facebook and create a handle with the same on twitter. you can give out daily health tips, post videos of your workouts, post videos of your client’s testimonials. it will generate interest and create a buzz about your business on social media. reach out to as many people asking them to like your page or follow you.
keep your business card all the time
business cards are your instant promotion cards. if you get introduced to anybody, just hand over your card and talk a little bit about your personal training business. in this way, you will attract a lot of young enthusiasts who want to focus on their health and fitness certifications.







posted in personal trainer 




personal trainer business develpoment

posted on august 2, 2018  by  regina allen 


when choosing a fitness instructor qualification you should be aware that though diabetes is a common enough ailment these days, fitness trainers with clients suffering from this ailment, need to pay special attention when monitoring their exercise intensity. during any type of exertion, since diabetes makes it difficult to monitor the client’s heart rate, it is recommended that the trainer uses rpe i.e. ratings of perceived exertion.
diabetic clients can develop a condition of low blood sugar if put through lengthy exercises. during your level 3 personal trainer courses you will have learnt that such clients need a sugar blood test both before and after the exercise, along with rpe monitoring. this will help to keep a check on the client’s intensity levels.
different types of diabetes
to deal with situations as above, as a personal trainer you have to learn more about diabetes. there are three different types.
type 1 diabetes is a condition which normally affects young adults and children when their bodies do not produce insulin, a hormone which regulates blood sugar. to control this condition insulin injections are given and the patient needs to have a balanced, healthy diet.
type 2 diabetes is a condition where the body produces insulin, but is unable to use it, resulting in high blood sugar. this is the most common form of diabetes.
type 3 diabetes is known as gestational diabetes. this condition is found in pregnant mothers when their sugar levels rise above normal. studies reveal that during pregnancy the hormones regulating the blood sugar get blocked by hormones which are produced during the gestational period, leading to diabetes.

workouts for diabetic clients
as mentioned above when you work with a client suffering from diabetes you need to take the right precautions. details of such precautions will be available in a business course for personal trainers.
tracking blood sugar levels
the body produces insulin and glucagon hormones through the pancreas. this happens so that blood sugar levels stay regulated. during a meal the blood sugar level goes up, and insulin gets released in the blood stream.
when this happens, the blood sugar level gets lowered and reverts to its resting levels. when the stomach is empty or there is a low blood sugar condition, glucagon gets released, raising the blood sugar level to normal.
precautions to be taken:
as a personal trainer you should guide your diabetic clients to take the following precautions:

be vigilant on fasting glucose levels.
monitor blood glucose before and after the exercise.
to avoid hypoglycemia, consume carbohydrates.
if insulin is required, avoid injecting it into muscles that will be used during the exercise.
avoid becoming dehydrated the client should drink enough water.
during peak insulin activity, exercises should be avoided.
a regular regime of exercises should be followed with regard to time and intensity.
wearing a medical identification tag and exercising with a partner is advised.
care should be taken with regard to footwear. clean socks and the right shoes should be worn so that problems like blisters, sores, cuts etc. do not occur.
if the exercises start to cause pain, immediately discontinue the same.

every client is unique, so will require tailored attention. stay alert and keep in mind the lessons learnt during your fitness trainer certifications. you should then have no problem in training diabetic clients.



posted in fitness 




interior designer shares decorating tips

posted on june 25, 2018  by  regina allen 


is a laminate floor right for my kitchen?
for many homeowners, it’s a tough decision whether or not to use laminate as flooring for the kitchen. there are both detractors and advocates of laminate flooring as moisture is the main deciding factor here. while some say that laminate flooring is just no-no for kitchens; others maintain that with the right kind of moisture control methods, laminate is one of the better options for covering your kitchen floor. 
so before you go ahead and decide on your kitchen flooring options, do check out with a local interior design expert about the pros and cons of laminate flooring for your kitchen. 

what is laminate flooring
laminate flooring is basically a compressed board and not actual wood. it comprises three layers that are sandwiched together to create the laminate board. the layers are the core substrate; above which is the image layer and on top is the wear layer. the wear layer is made of clear melamine and its chief function is to protect the underlying image layer from regular wear and abuse. 
the durability of laminate flooring is based on ac rating system. laminate sheets for residential purpose usually have an ac rating of 3 which is good enough for regular use over some years. 
if you want more durability, interior decoration in sydney will advise you to go for laminates with rating of ac 4 that are usually used for commercial purpose but are now much preferred by many homeowners as these last longer. 
maintaining your kitchen laminate flooring 
the prime concern about using laminated sheets for kitchen flooring is the effect of moisture. it is common for your kitchen floor to get wet and no matter how quickly or how well you mop it up, some amount of water will seep in through the seams. 
however, other options such as porcelain or ceramic tiles are not totally water resistant either. if you let water accumulate on your ceramic tiles, even these will absorb the moisture and show discoloration and damage over the years. sealing with grout is not really very effective as grout is extremely porous and the perfect corridor for water to seep into your tiles. 
similarly, engineered wood or solid hardwood too has their limitations as far as water resistance is considered. 
so considering the above options, laminate flooring for your kitchen is just as good as any other if you can ensure regular and proper maintenance. 
ensure proper sealing of laminate surface
a laminate sheet’s weakest area is the edges through which water seeps in. as mentioned earlier, laminates are compressed layers where the top is protected by the wear layer and the bottom too has a coating for protection. however, the edges remain uncovered and are thus susceptible to absorbing moisture. 
so if you love laminates for your kitchen flooring, its wise to hire the best sydney interior decorator companies to install the sheets and seal them properly. when done by professionals, the top of the laminate flooring is installed in such a way that it becomes practically seamless with no pores for water to soak through. the sides are covered tightly with quarter-rounds or baseboards thereby making your kitchen laminate flooring practically water-proof. 



posted in design 




boost your child’s metabolism through fitness

posted on february 23, 2018  by  regina allen 


four tips to boost your child’s metabolism through fitness

in today’s world, every child person is inundated with information about the right kind of diet to follow. from your kids personal trainer, to your class mates at school, everyone has an opinion on what you should eat to lose weight. children’s fitness sydney is a program dedicated to getting your kids fitness and healthy. they will do wonders for your child’s body and self-esteem, but your child must have a proper diet to help you lose weight and get fit.
exercise more: the best way to improve your kids metabolism is to exercise more. weight training or basically concentrating on building muscles will ensure that your kid burns more calories. this means they will lose weight faster. high intensity cardiovascular workouts are extremely beneficial for those children who are looking to improve their metabolism.
if you live within walking distance of your school, grocery store or church, make it a habit to walk to these destinations more often. you would not believe how many calories you can burn if you do these little exercises in addition to your routine. this is why a kids fitness personal trainer is highly recommended.
eat more: you may feel surprised to read this, but it is true. eat small wholesome meals in two hour intervals in order to boost your metabolism. your body works off all the calories you ingest when you eat small meals and this prevents the storage of fats. so eat more and eat healthy is the motto of our kids trainers in sydney. starving yourself is never the answer weight loss. you may lose little weight initially, but eventually your body trains itself to use lesser amounts of calories. this leaves you feeling weak and uneasy.
sleep more: your body faces a lot of wear and tear throughout the day. in addition to this, to keep it in top condition, you must exercise rigorously. to make sure your body regenerates well, you must sleep well. not sleeping well leaves your body tired and cranky. studies show that people who do not have regular sleeping hours eat more and gain more weight. it also hampers their productivity levels throughout the day.
drink lots of water throughout the day. this keeps you hydrated, and makes you feel less hungry. it also rejuvenates your metabolism. eat plenty of fruits, dry fruits and nuts. green vegetables are a great addition to your diet. all these are energy boosting foods that increase your metabolism.
improving your metabolism is the first of many ways to improve your health and lose weight. however, only having a balanced diet is not enough. since most of us lead sedentary lifestyles, it is a good idea to enroll in kids boot camp in the northern beaches to take good care of your body.




posted in fitness 




recommending friends to train under your trainer

posted on november 10, 2017  by  regina allen 


things to keep in mind when recommending friends to train under your personal trainer
several people prefer hiring a personal trainer to help them maintain their overall fitness and health. a fitness trainer is suitably qualified to help you lose weight, tone your body and even give you diet tips. in today’s hectic world, working professionals and stay at home mothers find it difficult to take the time to exercise.

furthermore, while many people may end up trying to follow strict diet regimes to maintain their weight, without the right exercise, they won’t achieve toned bodies. once you set up your own exercise routine with the help of a personal trainer and realize that your trainer can be of help to friends, keep a few things in mind before you set them up for a workout schedule!
draw boundaries
while some many people have no problem sharing their workout and exercise or diet tips, many people tend to stay secretive about these things. you may be eager to share a few details about exercises that help you or diets that work for you, but you should also set boundaries. don’t reveal everything – that works for your own benefit!
chances are, your trainer will train your friend more or less in the same way he trains you. yet, depending on your friend’s body structure, diet and lifestyle, it won’t mirror the same things he teaches you. so, think about how much you want to reveal to your friend and how much you don’t before recommending that your friend train under your trainer too!
set-up your schedule first
you probably already have an exercise schedule in place and if you are thinking of asking your friend to train under the same trainer as you, stick to your schedule. ensure that your friend knows that you have no intention of changing your work out time or schedule. you definitely don’t want to be part of petty arguments in the future over this. ensure you speak to a personal trainer too so as to avoid problems later.
don’t compare
training under the same trainer at different times is not a bad idea if you have a decent relationship with your friend. however, ensure that you don’t start comparing notes every time you meet. avoid talking about what the trainer said or what exercises he told you to perform or how much time he spent teaching you something new. your friend’s workout schedule and yours are two different things. keep it as distant as possible.
don’t find fault
it’s when you compare notes that you’ll start finding faults that may not be there in the first place. if your friend says that your fitness trainer spends more than the slotted one hour to train her, you may get rattled.
avoid finding these faults unnecessarily because it will ruin your peace of mind. believe in your trainer and remember that fitness trainers have more to lose by showing preferential behaviour towards one customer and not the other.
enjoy your workout!



posted in personal trainer 




kettlebell training for weight loss

posted on august 31, 2017  by  regina allen 


since it is most people as wish to achieve weight loss at some level, you can be sure all ways and means are tried out as many of which do not work. this is because there are many myths that exist when it comes to losing weight. the following tips helped making the best female weight loss success stories on the internet, you can see the full article at functional fitness courses.
dieting vs kettlebell training
it is easy for people to give up certain foods that add unwanted kilos to the body, thinking they will lose weight. there is a whole selection of food choices available so just cutting out some foods rich in sugars and fats to lose weight is not always the best answer.
whatever foods you consume you still need to burn calories. this is done by training with a kettlebell. it does not mean you have to rush off to the gym and sweat it out for a couple of hours. you can grab yourself a kettlebell and smash out a quick 30-minute workout.
here are my workout tips : kettlebell training will not only boost your heart, it will also help stable blood pressure levels and give you an all-over feeling of good health. you can start with a 30 minute walk and if time and opportunity permit, repeat it least 5 times in a day. once you are comfortable with the kettlebell routine you can increase the time and briskness of your movements.
becoming a certified kettlebell instructor is a great way to learn how to use kettlebells correctly so you can enjoy training safely.
low metabolic rate
it is certainly a myth that if you have a low metabolic rate you will weigh more. when gain body fat, it also develops muscle to support the fat.
this means that your weight includes around 30% muscle. if you have more muscle, the muscle tissue will burn more calories and increase your metabolic rate. so such excess weight shows up as greater metabolic rate.
genetic inheritance
inheriting weight from your parents is a total myth. what you inherit are specific genes and there is certainly no gene called a fat gene. what could have spiked such a myth is, when in a particular family you see a few members tending to go the obese way.
this is because if the parents are obese it may be because of their wrong eating and lifestyle habits. having indulged themselves they pass on these wrong habits to the children who will in turn become obese.
avoid carbohydrates
you may have heard that carbohydrates are not good when it comes to weight loss. what you need to understand is that carbohydrates are a primary source of fuel which is required for your body’s engine.
if you eat food containing simple carbohydrates (unlike high fructose corn syrup and sugar) you will be eliminating the high calorie content of carbohydrates and this will help in losing weight. a diet which includes complex carbohydrates such as starches and whole grain and is low in fat will definitely help when it comes to weight loss.
high protein
yes. protein is good, but if your meals mainly consist of high protein food such as eggs, cheese, meat etc you may be building excess cholesterol and fat which can lead to heart disease. you should make your meal a mix of fruits, whole grains and vegetables which will add the required minerals and vitamins your body requires.
late night eating
if you have a heavy meal containing too many calories and go to bed late, your body will store these extra calories in the form of fat. so if you need to have a heavy meal when out or entertaining, make sure you leave enough time to digest the food before hopping into bed.



posted in fitness 



post navigation
← older posts





 
search





recent posts


5 benefits of power bag training


the only bulgarian bag training program to help you lose up to 1 kilo every week…. guaranteed!


functional fitness trainers marketing tips


macebell training affects your mass weight


tips for marketing your personal training cec courses


archives

august 2021
may 2021
august 2020
april 2020
july 2019
august 2018
june 2018
february 2018
november 2017
august 2017
december 2015
october 2015

categories

bulgarian bags

chiropractor

courses

design

exercises

fat loss program

fitness

personal trainer

personal training certifications

power bag

uncategorized


 




					proudly powered by wordpress				





