

galveston fishing charters - freeport fishing charters - texas deep sea fishing






















navigation


welcome


why we're different





fishing charter boats


fishing charter captains


fishing pictures


fishing charter pricing

 

driving directions


paying for your fishing charter


links





wahoo








shark






 



								book your texas sportfishing adventure today!




texas gulf blackfin tuna

texas gulf dorado


											grouper



texas gulf wahoo

texas gulf red snapper

rig runners fishing, is not just the typical fishing trip, it's a fishing adventure! we are a full time first class texas fishing charter company. we run hard and fish further than the average texas fishing charter company out there. we run boats out of galveston and freeport texas for galveston fishing and freeport fishing. we also have a fishing lodge available for your convenience.


offshore with cowboy charters from striper on vimeo.

we leave the dock before the others and return after they have sent their customers home. our full day offshore trips are at a plus fuel rate, and we earn our money. our crew is conscious of the fuel burn, and will work hard to put you on the fish of your choice.
with our offshore trips, you will not sit on anchor or spend your day tied to an oil rig within sight of the beach. we do not shortcut your opportunity to up our profit margin, and we do not employ young captains with minimal experience.
please feel free to call fishing captain michael jennings at 979.864.9439, or, capatin mike hutto at 713-899-6578 they would be happy to explain the advantages of our fishing trips, and give you a working knowledge of how fishing charter companies operate, so that you can better gauge how the bargain or cheep flat rate trips are only to the advantage of the fishing charter company.
we provide all fishing rods, reels, tackle, ice, and dead bait needed for your chartered fishing trip, but you are more than welcome to bring your favorite set up if you prefer.



the warm waters of the gulf of mexico make for fantastic gulf fishing and your adventure starts here!
to contact us regarding fishing charters, email your comments or requests to captain michael jennings.
we appreciate you visiting rig runners fishing. now let's go fishing in the gulf of mexico!


texas deep-sea fishing, offshore & nearshore
										fishing charters in the gulf of mexico
									freeport texas saltwater fishing charters
									galveston texas saltwater fishing charters
									texas saltwater fishing trips available
										7 days a week (weather permitting)
									all rods, reels & tackle provided
									u.s. coast guard licensed captains
									corporate and large parties welcome
									full-day & half-day trips available
									we are fully licensed, insured and n.m.f.s. permitted.
									children are welcome!
							




texas fishing charters in the gulf 

            of mexico

deep-sea / offshore fishing
nearshore fishing

red snapper kingfish sailfish amberjack grouper 

            wahoo
dorado shark barracuda bonito ling tuna
shark bull redfish tarpon 



all 

            customers will be required to sign a release of liability waiver 

            before leaving the dock











rig runners fishing charters call 979.864.9439 or 713.899.6578 today! 
texassportfishing@gmail.com



our sportfishing partners:






wetlandadventures.com





rig 

      runners fishing charters home page | freeport & galveston 

      fishing charter boats | freeport & galveston 

      fishing charter captains | freeport 

      & galveston fishing pictures | freeport & 

      galveston fishing charter price list | rig runners fishing 

      charters t-shirts | maps & directions 

      for freeport & galveston fishing charters | rig runners fishing 

      charters payment page | freeport & galveston 

      fishing links
copyright © 2002 - 2007 rig runners fishing charters. all 

      rights reserved. 


