jcmg – jefferson city medical group                 





  skip to content   (573) 635-jcmg  hours of operationinsurances we acceptpatient portalschedule onlinecontact uscareers hours of operationinsurances we acceptpatient portalschedule onlinecontact uscareers   facebook-square      twitter      youtube      about usmission, vision and valuesphysician-owned philosophyboard of directorsjcmg’s dedication to qualitypocket directoryspecialtiesservicesprovidersexpress caretelehealthpatient informationinsurance plans we accept medicare assistancemedical records requestspatient billingnotice of privacy practicespatient complaints and suggestionspatient registrationpatient rights & responsibilitiespay bill onlineprotections against surprise billingstatement of nondiscriminationlocationsjcmg medical buildingjcmg fultonjcmg surgery centerjcmg orthopaedic centerjcmg elm courtjcmg family care clinic – linnmmg at aspen medical park about usmission, vision and valuesphysician-owned philosophyboard of directorsjcmg’s dedication to qualitypocket directoryspecialtiesservicesprovidersexpress caretelehealthpatient informationinsurance plans we accept medicare assistancemedical records requestspatient billingnotice of privacy practicespatient complaints and suggestionspatient registrationpatient rights & responsibilitiespay bill onlineprotections against surprise billingstatement of nondiscriminationlocationsjcmg medical buildingjcmg fultonjcmg surgery centerjcmg orthopaedic centerjcmg elm courtjcmg family care clinic – linnmmg at aspen medical park   search   winter weather alert – to view clinic closures and adjusted hours, please visit alerts & closures – jcmgwelcome to jcmg      log in     learn more     pay your bill      family medicine     pediatrics    search by   specialty     service     provider     location  jcmg physicians practice in more than 30 specialtiesallergy, asthma & immunologyanesthesiaaudiologycenter for well-beingdci - dialysis clinic, inc. with jcmgdermatologyendocrinologyent & sinus surgeryexpress carefamily medicinegastroenterologyimaging (radiology)internal medicineneurologyobstetrics and gynecology (women's clinic)occupational medicineoncology-hematologyorthopaedics & sports medicinepain managementpediatricsphysical therapyplastic & reconstructive surgerypodiatrypulmonologyregenerative medicinerheumatologysleep medicinesurgical specialiststhe vein institute of jcmgweight treatment centerjcmg services mammography  comprehensive breast cancer care  clinical research  express care  infusion  employer services  laboratory  pharmacy  population health  steffen med spa meet the physician entrepreneurs who make up jcmg jason allen  amber abeln  imran ashraf  saira babar  janet barnes  indumathi baskar  jodi berendzen  cory brune  mary bunch  george carr  christopher case  benjamin cook  sarah cox  jonathan craighead  taylor donahue  emily donjon  preston donjon  william duke  jason dundulis  sara echelmeyer  mary faurot  jason frost  bret gerstner  brandy glascock  myles goble  chantel green  shadi haddadin  mckenzie hamacher  steven harper  clint harris  kimberly hawkins  alisha hinds  jana holsman  tamara hopkins  stephanie hose  rezwan islam  brandon jenson  alfred johnson  dwight jones  william klutho  james koch  wen hsin ku  mark la shell  lacey lansford  james c. lin  steve linsenbardt  j.p. mcaleer  robyn mccullem  krishna mettu  kevin middlemist   load more jcmg serves mid-missouri from over 10 locationsexpress care - stadium blvdjcmg elm courtjcmg family care clinic - linnjcmg fultonjcmg medical buildingjcmg orthopaedic centerjcmg surgery centermmg at aspen medical park   specialty     service     provider     location  jcmg physicians practice in more than 30 specialtiesallergy, asthma & immunologyanesthesiaaudiologycenter for well-beingdci - dialysis clinic, inc. with jcmgdermatologyendocrinologyent & sinus surgeryexpress carefamily medicinegastroenterologyimaging (radiology)internal medicineneurologyobstetrics and gynecology (women's clinic)occupational medicineoncology-hematologyorthopaedics & sports medicinepain managementpediatricsphysical therapyplastic & reconstructive surgerypodiatrypulmonologyregenerative medicinerheumatologysleep medicinesurgical specialiststhe vein institute of jcmgweight treatment centerjcmg physicians practice in more than 30 specialtiesservices mammography  comprehensive breast cancer care  clinical research  express care  infusion   load more meet the physician entrepreneurs who make up jcmg jason allen  amber abeln  imran ashraf  saira babar  janet barnes  indumathi baskar  jodi berendzen  cory brune  mary bunch  george carr   load more jcmg serves mid-missouri from over 10 locationsexpress care - stadium blvdjcmg elm courtjcmg family care clinic - linnjcmg fultonjcmg medical buildingjcmg orthopaedic centerjcmg surgery centermmg at aspen medical park  search     jcmg news   jcmg occupational medicine has moved  jcmg occupational medicine has a new home!you can find us at jcmg elm court, with jcmg express care:1735 elm court, jcmo   jcmg elm court location     jcmg introduces physical therapy  jcmg is proud to introduce a new specialty: physical therapy!jcmg physical therapy offers a comprehensive range of services, including manual therapy, therapeutic exercises, specialized modalities, and more. regain mobility, alleviate pain, and elevate your overall quality of life.   learn about physical therapy     join our cancer support group  jcmg oncology hosts a cancer support group the last friday of every month. come join us for support and education! each month will feature a different speaker and/or topic. for more information, call (573) 556-7718   learn more     jcmg express care will be walk-in only  beginning november 1, 2024, all jcmg express care locations will be walk-in only. online reservations will no longer be offered; simply walk in to ensure your place in line.feel free to call ahead to confirm availability:   call express care     jcmg introduces allergy, asthma & immunology  jcmg is proud to introduce a new specialty: allergy, asthma & immunology!led by board-certified allergist/immunologist dr. mark la shell, jcmg allergy, asthma & immunology treats patients ages 5 and older for a variety of conditions including allergic asthma, chronic cough, persistent nasal congestion, eczema, environmental and food allergies, hives, seasonal allergies, and more.   learn about allergy, asthma & immunology     emily roberts is accepting new patients  jcmg pediatrics has openings for new patients! emily roberts, cpnp-pc is currently accepting new patients from birth through 18 years of age.schedule with jcmg pediatrics now!   learn about emily     jcmg orthopaedics welcomes dr. john worley  dr. john r. worley is jcmg’s premier spine surgery specialist and has dedicated his career to providing comprehensive spine care and surgery to his patients.schedule with jcmg orthopaedics now!   learn about dr. robinette     jcmg family medicine welcomes dr. joel robinette  dr. robinette is a primary care physician dedicated to creating personalized healthcare plans with patients and helping them live a long, healthy life.schedule with jcmg family medicine now!   learn about dr. robinette     jcmg women's clinic welcomes dr. mary faurot  dr. faurot is an obstetrician and gynecologist providing general ob/gyn care including well-woman care, prenatal care, laparoscopic & minimally invasive surgery, and vaginal surgery.schedule with jcmg women’s clinic now!   learn about dr. faurot     need a primary care provider?  many of our primary care providers are accepting new patients! jcmg family medicine is accepting patients of all ages, and jcmg internal medicine is accepting adults 18+. join the jcmg family!   schedule an appointment     jcmg fulton now open!  a low-cost option to quick, convenient care! no emergent co-pays and no facility fees; visits to our express care clinics are billed similarly to an acute office visit with your primary care provider.located at 350 country meadows in fulton, just off highway f / highway 54.   learn more     access your patient portal  jcmg’s patient portal, healow, enables you to manage your personal medical records, communicate with your doctors, and make more informed decisions about your health.  click log in to access your patient portal and learn more.   log in     careers at jcmg  the new state-of-the-art jcmg surgery center is open! it’s located two miles west of the jcmg medical building at 3520 west edgewood drive in jefferson city.   view positions    need a primary care doctor?helping patients access the healthcare system and get timely care is a priority at jcmg.primary care providers are the hub of your personal healthcare, so we want to ensure you find the right provider for you.   view primary care  what patients say about jcmg “dr mettu has been a game changer in my life! a great sleep disorder doctor will look at your cpap readings and make adjustments, work to get a mask you can tolerate and listen to your concerns. dr mettu is that doctor!! extremely comprehensive in his care.”  “i’m not really complaining about the wait time. it was very busy. taylor the np was very kind and caring and he even tied my shoe. good experience.”  “dr mettu has been a game changer in my life! a great sleep disorder doctor will look at your cpap readings and make adjustments, work to get a mask you can tolerate and listen to your concerns. dr mettu is that doctor!! extremely comprehensive in his care.”  “this was my first visit, i was impressed by the cleanliness. staff was very helpful and friendly. the nurse practitioner and nurse practiced care and concern. thank you for the great care.”  “very friendly, knowledgeable medical staff. happy to answer questions. efficient but did not rush.”  “quick service, got the care i need in, staff was friendly and professional.”  “being at express care of jcmg was a pleasant experience. although i had to wait awhile for my covid test, when it turned out to be negative, the staff was thorough in reviewing my symptoms and figuring out my next steps!”  “dr hose and the ladies at the front desk are some of the nicest folks i've dealt with in a while! very friendly and down-to-earth nice. thank you for what y'all do, you are appreciated!”  “dr rucker is truly the best primary care doctor i have had. she has such a great attitude every time you see her and you can tell immediately she loves helping people. her credentials are amazing. she gives exceptional care. highly recommended.”  “dr. baskar is my primary care physician at jcmg. she is very knowledgeable, kind, and really cares. she listens and takes her time with me. she gets back quickly with test results. she always knows my history. i feel i can tell her anything. she is very thorough and follows through.”  “dr. duke and his staff are amazing! dr. duke has repaired bunions on both my feet and also a tailor’s bunion. the new lapiplasty bunion surgery he performed is the way to go!”  “dr. hopkins answered all of my questions in a patient and thorough manner. she was insightful and answered my follow up questions before i could ask them. i left the appt feeling reassured and encouraged by my treatment plan.”  “dr. mcaleer is an amazing surgeon! he treats chronic wounds aggressively with advanced modalities available right in his office! he truly cares about his patients and i refer patients to him often. if you are in jefferson city or nearby, look no further for your podiatrist!”  “everyone was very friendly, from the front desk receptionist that scheduled my appointment, the nurse practitioner, the radiologist, everyone that helped me. i was seen surprisingly quickly for not having an appointment too.”  “i always have prompt service from the staff and nurses/doctors. they are very friendly and help me get back to a healthier me in no time!”  “i made an appointment for 8 a.m. and was called in immediately. the nurse practitioner, taylor donahue, was very knowledgeable, efficient, and professional. thank you for the great service!”  “i trust dr. babar. she always show to care, take time to listen to my concerns, and recommends options regarding my overall health. her services are never in a rush and there is no rush during the appointment. i highly recommend her services.”  “i would highly recommend dr steffen. professional and knowledgeable. excellent experience!”  “very happy with the service i received. from the check-in to my discharge, everything was exceptional. the staff was friendly and professional.”  “dr mettu has been a game changer in my life! a great sleep disorder doctor will look at your cpap readings and make adjustments, work to get a mask you can tolerate and listen to your concerns. dr mettu is that doctor!! extremely comprehensive in his care.”  “this is my go to urgent care center. they provide excellent service and staff are friendly, caring and knowledgeable. they took their time with me to answer all questions and concerns. wait time was minimal. i highly recommend!”  “i’m not really complaining about the wait time. it was very busy. taylor the np was very kind and caring and he even tied my shoe. good experience.”  “this was my first visit, i was impressed by the cleanliness. staff was very helpful and friendly. the nurse practitioner and nurse practiced care and concern. thank you for the great care.”  “very friendly, knowledgeable medical staff. happy to answer questions. efficient but did not rush.”   grow with usjcmg is thriving and expanding in a period of unprecedented growth. it’s an exciting time to consider a career with jcmg. find out why physicians love practicing medicine at jcmg. #wearejcmg   employment opportunities    573-635-jcmg      get directions  homehomeabout jcmgmission, vision and valuescontact ushours of operationpocket directorymedia inquiriesjcmg.org terms and conditionsprice transparencyhomeabout jcmgmission, vision and valuescontact ushours of operationpocket directorymedia inquiriesjcmg.org terms and conditionsprice transparencypatient informationadvance directive notificationdurable power of attorneymedical records requestsnotice of privacy practicespatient complaints and suggestionspatient informationpatient portal: healowpatient registrationpatient rights & responsibilitiespay bill onlineprotections against surprise billingstatement of nondiscriminationadvance directive notificationdurable power of attorneymedical records requestsnotice of privacy practicespatient complaints and suggestionspatient informationpatient portal: healowpatient registrationpatient rights & responsibilitiespay bill onlineprotections against surprise billingstatement of nondiscrimination   search  search   573-635-jcmghours of operationinsurances we acceptpatient portalschedule onlinecontact uscareershours of operationinsurances we acceptpatient portalschedule onlinecontact uscareers   facebook-square      twitter      youtube    © 2025 jefferson city medical group | 1241 w stadium blvd, jefferson city, mo                     

