














salt lake city, ut auction site – salt lake city, ut – jj kane auctions



























 






 




























 






how it works
contact us
deposits and online payments
 






















 
 
 




 
auctions▾upcoming auctions▾auction calendarauction locations▾lansing, mirichmond, vacharlotte, ncsacramento, cafort wayne, inst. louis, molos angeles, cakansas city, molas vegas, nvwest palm beach, flphiladelphia, paportland, orreno, nvsalt lake city, utboston, marockford, ilcanton, ohcincinnati, ohatlanta, gadallas, txbuy nowinventory search▾by category▾auto partsauto repair equipmentbackhoes and loadersbucket trucksbulldozerscable plowscameracarsclothing, shoes & accessoriescoins & currencycollectiblescommercial truck partscomputerconstruction materialscranesdigger derricks and pressure diggersdirectional drillsdump truckselectronicsestate & personal propertyexcavatorsflatbed trucksfood & beverage servicehome furnitureindustrial machinery & equipmentjewelrylandscape & commercial lawncaremajor appliancesmedical & labmotorcycles, atvs, golf and yard cartsmusical instrumentsofficephonespickup trucks and service trucksspecialty vehicles and equipmentsporting goodssuvstools, attachments, parts, and accessoriestrailerstrencherstv, video and audiovanswood chippersby industry▾constructionconsumerelectric utilityfire and rescueforestrylighting and signsmarinesanitationtelecommunicationstowing and recoverytransportationwaste and recyclingother items▾government auctionsbuy now inventorycontact usfaqssign in▾jjkane customer account manage your information, view past sales history and much more. don't have an account? sign up for an account.online bidding – bidder login sign in to get started bidding on one of our online/timed auctions using proxibid. learn more  about online bidding with proxibid. 
 








salt lake city, ut auction site – salt lake city, ut




located just 6 miles northwest of downtown salt lake city, ut the salt lake city, ut auction site serves as an equipment resource to the greater salt lake city, ogden, and provo communities. you will find a wide variety of used vehicles, pickup trucks, bucket trucks, electric utility equipment, heavy construction equipment, and trailers up for auction.
on june 28, 2023, jj kane auctions acquired assets of tnt auction. headquartered in salt lake city, utah, tnt specializes in government auctions, primarily of vehicles and equipment. established in 1986, the family-owned and operated business holds 20 online auctions annually and has two additional locations in las vegas and reno, nevada.
acquiring tnt is a natural extension of jj kane’s current business and provides further expansion of jj kane’s government consignment business. the acquisition also increases the company’s auction presence in utah and nevada, allowing it to better serve existing customers in that area.
all of our  auction sites are fully staffed, allowing us to offer item inspection for all units located at each location for both timed and timed auctions. this additional inspection time allows buyers to bid and buy online with confidence.

jj kane hosts exclusively timed online auctions. learn more about how to register and bid online.

if you have any questions or would like to schedule a time to inspect one of the items located at our salt lake city, ut auction site, please feel free to give us a call or fill out our request more information form and we will happily assist.







 




site address:2353 north redwood road salt lake city,ut 84116
phone: (855) 317-5133




sales contact: matt gill























































































  filters 






stay up to date with all our auctions by joining our newsletter today!


first name* last name* email*

postal code* extguidnamethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 submit 






















buying information
timed auctions
how to bid
deposits and online payments
 

selling information
selling at our auctions
 

services
cleaning and de-identification
financing
government auctions
 

our company
about jj kane
careers
trade shows
testimonials
industry associations
news & articles
frequently asked questions
 

contact us
contact us
 








copyright © 2025 jj kane and/or its affiliates., all rights reserved.
"jj kane auctioneers" is a registered trademark of jj kane associates, inc.



privacy policy
website terms and conditions
california resident privacy policy
 




stay connected:










































