     scott honda of vineland | new & used honda dealer in vineland, nj                            
                                         scott honda of vineland        call now 856-692-1700              1517 s delsea drvineland, nj 08360         service        map        contact                       scott honda of vineland           call 856-692-1700   directions                      new vehicles   search all new inventory   selling your car?   2024 honda prologue    learn about your honda   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   honda vehicle research     pre-owned vehicles   search all used inventory   selling your car?   certified pre-owned vehicles   trade appraisal   schedule test drive     specials   new specials   spotlight used vehicles   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials     service & parts   schedule service   service department   order parts   scott honda tire store     finance   finance department   credit application   payment calculator     about us   about us   our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   contact us   honda dealer near me   join our team   used car dealer near me      🔋 ev hub                   home   new vehicles   search all new inventory   selling your car?   2024 honda prologue    learn about your honda   trade appraisal   schedule test drive   honda vehicle research     pre-owned vehicles   search all used inventory   selling your car?   certified pre-owned vehicles   trade appraisal   schedule test drive     specials   new specials   spotlight used vehicles   service & parts specials   manufacturer specials     service & parts   schedule service   service department   order parts   scott honda tire store     finance   finance department   credit application   payment calculator     about us   about us   our dealership   hours & directions   meet our staff   contact us   honda dealer near me   join our team   used car dealer near me      🔋 ev hub         





sell us your car. we buy all brands.


stress-free, fast, top value. guaranteed.




    lease a new 2025 honda hr-v lx awd for only $269/month!
model#rz2h3sew. 10k mile/year for 36 months, $3999 total customer cash due at signing (includes 1st payment, tax, tags and dealer fees). offer expires 3/3/2025











     shop by vehicle   vehicles available        vehicle      keyword      budget              type  new used certified    make  any make    model  any model       reset search   search reset         search        buy   finance   lease             minimum price    maximum price   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.            minimum monthly payment    maximum monthly payment   minimum value cannot be greater than maximum.       search   reset         












schedule service
schedule now










special offers
view specials










apply for credit
get financing





     search new inventory     search used inventory        




our vehicles
 see our full lineup of vehicles and find the one that best fits you.





accord





civic





cr-v





cr-v hybrid





hr-v





passport





pilot





odyssey





ridgeline




explore all new inventory


                                                                               

quality service
certified service experts can help
we made your honda the superior vehicle it is today and we want to ensure it remains that way. scott honda of vineland technicians are highly trained and certified to perform whatever work you may need on your vehicle. schedule your next appointment with us today.
schedule service


      





schedule test drive
get behind the wheel and book your next test drive.
schedule test drive







certified pre-owned
browse our inventory of certified pre-owned vehicles.
search certified







vehicles under 15k
check our affordable vehicles and find the one that fits you.
search under 15k



 
      


2025 passport
set up for adventure

with rugged styling, ample cargo space, and hidden storage compartments, the passport is built for both untamed roads and your everyday adventures.so, wherever you go this year, you can load up the passport and enjoy your journey.
search inventory



     

welcome to scott honda of vineland

are you looking for a reliable and stylish vehicle in new jersey? scott honda of vineland has got the perfect car for you! proudly serving vineland, egg harbor, and barnegat township, nj, we offer an extensive selection of honda vehicles designed to elevate your driving experience.
whether you're heading to work, planning a weekend getaway, or swinging by to see the progress on the palace of depression, our competitive financing options and friendly, personalized service make finding your perfect honda a breeze.




discover our honda inventory

our honda inventory features a choice selection of vehicles, ensuring you find the ideal combination of reliability and performance. whether you're seeking the stylish and efficient honda prologue ev for your daily commute or the roomy honda odyssey for family adventures, we have a model for every need.
check out our website for detailed descriptions and photos of each model. filter your search by model, trim level, features, and more to find the honda that suits you best. once you've selected the accord touring, our financing experts will guide you through the next steps.




honda financing

once you've found your ideal combination of technology and reliability, we're here to streamline the financing process. whether you're considering leasing or purchasing your new honda, we'll explain your options clearly to help you make the best decision.




benefits of leasing a honda:


lower monthly payments: leases often have lower payments.
drive new cars faster: experience the latest technology and features every few years.
maintenance covered: most leases feature the manufacturer's warranty.




benefits of buying a honda:


ownership: once your loan is paid off, the car is yours.
unlimited mileage: drive as much as you want without any mileage penalties.
freedom to customize: personalize your car with no restrictions.






whichever you decide, you can start your finance application online and get a head start on the approval process.




honda service

we understand the importance of keeping your vehicle in top condition. our service center is fully equipped to handle all your maintenance and repair needs, ensuring your honda stays in prime condition. to keep your ride reliable, we use genuine honda parts to ensure optimal performance. some benefits of these oem parts are: 

perfect fit: unlike aftermarket parts designed for various vehicles, honda oem parts are specifically crafted to match your honda's exact specifications.
high quality: honda oem parts are held to the highest quality and durability standards.
warranty coverage: you’re protected by a 1-year warranty on both the parts and their installation by our authorized technicians.

from regular oil changes and tire rotations to complex repairs, your honda is in good hands with our certified technicians.




test drive a honda today


are you ready to experience the unique comfort and performance of a honda? we invite drivers from vineland, egg harbor, and barnegat township, new jersey, to explore our honda inventory to find their new vehicle. discover why so many keep coming back to scott honda of vineland for their automotive needs.
contact us today to schedule your test drive and take the first step toward owning a new honda.



     






    sales hours         monday 9:00am - 8:00pm    tuesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    wednesday 9:00am - 8:00pm    thursday 9:00am - 8:00pm    friday 9:00am - 8:00pm     saturday 9:00am - 5:00pm    sunday closed         service hours         monday 7:30am - 6:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 6:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 6:00pm    friday 7:30am - 6:00pm     saturday 7:30am - 3:00pm    sunday closed         parts hours         monday 7:30am - 5:00pm    tuesday 7:30am - 5:00pm    wednesday 7:30am - 7:00pm    thursday 7:30am - 5:00pm    friday 7:30am - 5:00pm     saturday 7:30am - 3:00pm    sunday closed        

                      copyright © 2025 by dealeron | sitemap | privacy | scott honda of vineland | 1517 s delsea dr, vineland, nj 08360 | call now: 856-692-1700             












  









           