


todos santos official website - baja california sur - mexico || homepage
                       welcome to our pueblo mágico website




log in / list your business



subscribe to our newsletter



submit


list your business here
with an amazing agricultural oasis ... and fresh seafood caught daily by our fisherman off punta lobos...add generations of local ranches, it's no wonder why chef's sparkle here!  come to todos santos!


todos santosmenu

todos santosabout todos santosbeaches and activitiescalendar of eventsdesign and build homesnigthlife and musicfoto gallery
hotels/rentalshotels and b&bsvacation rentalshotels and vrs in pescadero - cerritos
shops and businessrestaurantsart galleriesreal estateother businesses
classifieds
contact us



los cerritos

la poza

playa san pedritos

el pescadero

palm beach



discover todos santos and the magic of a coastal oasisplaces to eat, stay, and shop!  things to do while here!the village of todos santos, vibrant and active was initially founded as a mission in 1724.  later, it became a major sugar-cane producer. todos santos has long-been special.  our church, theater, cultural center & museum and so many historic buildings are often open to the public, especially during the historic homes tour.  organizations hold seminars and workshops here. the next music festival is going to be huge.  a popular art festival  is held annually.  magazines hold shoots and photo-spreads.  there is a wide array of quiet guest rentals to choose from and longer-term vacation homes for rent.  there are many homes and lots on which to find your special place.  we are a destination for our visiting whales.  the whale season beginning in october and going through the month of march. our restaurants are very popular, serving creative cuisine with organic produce. our fishermen provide us fresh seafood daily. the ecology of this oasis, and the magnificent sierra laguna mountains, are the subject of many paintings, photographs, and memories.  todos santos is now one of the fastest growing areas mexico with the population exploding in the past few years.   


hotel casa tota



los colibris casitas



ricardo amigo real estate



baja sky tours



beachfront pescadero palace



todos santos designs



cerritos beach inn



villas la mar



todos santos eco adventures



baja fireworks shows in los cabos, todos santos, and the east cape



hotel california



white sand massage and spa



amerimex realty



casa bentley



rancho pescadero
experience todos santospueblo mágico




local inside scoopfind out about news and events in todos santosolder postsseptember 2019 (1)february 2019 (1)september 2018 (1)december 2017 (1)september 2017 (1)january 2017 (1)november 2016 (1)august 2016 (1)march 2016 (1)november 2015 (1)october 2015 (1)september 2015 (1)august 2015 (2)july 2015 (3)june 2015 (3)april 2015 (15)march 2015 (1)    
el grito!  everybody shouts "viva mexico" on independence day!
marching students, fireworks, and more on el grito in todos santos!

read more...
desplastificate todos santos y pescadero: communities banding together to eliminate single-use plastics


read more...
mexican independence day (el grito!) in todos santos
local students march every year in the mexican independence parade in downtown todos santos.

read more...
9th annual todos santos artists’ open studio tour
event dates are feb 10 and 11, 2018

read more...
own a piece of todos santos!
investment property in paradise!

read more...
  
welcome to todossantos.cc - all rights reserved © 2015  
