






home | faea
















        skip to main content
    

















 member login





search











about

about faea
board
local associations
divisions
history
management
privacy policy



membership

join or renew
membership types
benefits
membership faq
partners
patrons



conference

information
exhibitors
facilitators
product showcases
proposals
sponsors



programs

advocacy
assessment project
awards
digital learning
job board
member exhibition
member spotlight
resources
student assessment
summer workshops
youth art month



publications

advertising
distance learning
email newsletter
fresh paint
guidelines
our history
research corner



help

member login
home




















 
 
 




the florida art education association
is a membership association dedicated to providing visual art educators in florida with the knowledge, skills and support that will ensure the highest quality instruction possible to all students in florida.



become a  member





aboutfaea






donate 





donatesupport art education

















supporting art education in florida
 
serving visual art teachers, professors, administrators, museum educators and students, the florida art education association: encourages research in art education; holds public discussions; sponsors institutes and conferences; publishes articles, reports and surveys; honors outstanding art educators and supporters; and works with other related agencies in support of visual arts education.
faea is also the only organization for visual art educators in florida which actively participates in a program for government relations on behalf of visual arts education. when arts education is discussed in the legislature in tallahassee, faea is working to support your programs.
member benefits






professional development
helping you help your students










latest news


 

 
 










florida student art assessment - deadline extended to feb. 14
faea's florida student art assessment (fsaa) is florida's premier program for assessing k-12 student artwork. the fsaa serves as a tool to help visual art teachers develop their art programs, foster performance in the classroom, and celebrate the artistic achievements of florida's students, teachers, and school art programs. the deadline to submit your students' artwork to the fsaa is friday, february 14, 2025.  






2/3/2025
faea member spotlight - call for nominations! 
the faea member spotlight program recognizes and celebrates outstanding art educators in florida through faea's social media platforms. faea is seeking member spotlight nominations to highlight members with achievements in the arts classroom and/or in the community. you can nominate yourself or a colleague at any time for the chance to be featured in a member spotlight post on social media!


2/1/2025
conference session proposals
be a part of the 2025 faea annual conference by presenting a clinic session or workshop! conference session proposals will be accepted starting february 1 until may 1, 2025.


3/30/2021
job board
faea provides a free job board for schools seeking art teachers and art teachers seeking jobs.

























our partners
some of our great partners (become a partner)
 (become a partner)














fresh paint - 2024-2025 winter issue
the official publication of the florida art education association





fresh paint magazine
the 2024-2025 winter issue of fresh paint, faea's award-winning member magazine, is now available. featured in this issue:

2024 faea conference recap
2025 florida student art assessment program information
arts in the community: exploring sarasota art museum of ringling college of art & design
"from the field: don't worry, you can use your traditional lesson plans for your ese students" by zachary c. thompson
"online inclusion through virtual exchange as piggybacking: bridging culture and art education" by dr. heidi powell
division updates
...and more!

latest issue




















contact faea
member login







402 office plazatallahassee fl 32301
ph: (850) 205-0068fax: (850) 942-1793
office hours: monday through friday 8:00 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. easternclosed on most holidays observed by florida school districts. 












about


membership


conference


programs


publications


partners


naea


donate


contact


help






























