










home - clear water pools

























































082 551 6987
jp@commercialpools.co.za















home
about us
swimming pools
fibreglass renovations
contact us
 


select page


  
 
 













let's dive inwith well over 30 years experience in the design, manufacture and installation of top quality swimming pools.








let's dive inwith well over 30 years experience in the design, manufacture and installation of top quality swimming pools.








let's dive inwith well over 30 years experience in the design, manufacture and installation of top quality swimming pools.










welcome to clear water pools
clear water pools has developed an international reputation for its quality of swimming pools, as well as its commitment to its customers.
clear water pools south africa is proud to be the largest installer network in africa, with over 40 agents and 3 specialist fiberglass factories country wide. since our establishment in 1969, clear water pools south africa have been part of the few industry pioneering companies, specialising in fiberglass swimming pools, designer gunite pools, fiberglass linings, renovations and spas. we have installed more than 30’000 pools, making us the leading swimming pool installer in south africa.
trust clear water pools south africa for a splash of quality and credibility, backed by a solid warranty! 

read more







our swimming pools
dive into summer fun! click here to find the best swimming pools near you and make a splash today!

find your pool now!







get a quote today!

quick pool estimate
we would be happy to provide you with a detailed pool installation or diy estimate. we jsut need a few details from you to ensure that we know what will work best for you.





"*" indicates required fields

what would you preferalaskabon airbostoncaliforniacape verdedallasdokotafloridahawaiikentuckylas vegasmexicofloridamiaminevadanew yorkonyxtahititexasutahpool length (m)pool width (m)area--select area--bela-belabloemfonteindurbanjohannesburgpietermaritzburgpotchpretoriarustenburgthabazimbiwelkomwitbankyour nameemail*

contact number*message*namethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 

















 










quick links
about usswimming poolsfibreglass renovations



contact us
if you are unsure of which area you fallunder, feel free to contact us!
 we will help you in the right direction





areapretoriabela-belabloemfonteindurbanharrismithjohannesburgkwazulu natalpietermaritzburgpotchpretoriarustenburgthabazimbiwelkomwitbankclearwater pools factory
jp@commercialpools.co.za
012 882 0909










  © copyright
  
 

creatively brought to life by starbright



 









we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.



accept

 




































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.












enable all
save changes

 














