









welcome to star car wash - texas 


















































































 employment


 customer feedback


 contact us












hours & location

wash menu

wash menu
add-a-detail services

add-on wash services



unlimited washes

detailing

fundraising

fundraising
internet fundraising program

our classic fundraising program



buy online!

pre-paid gift cards

full service car wash

express exterior car wash

unlimited car washes



car care

car care tips

car care facts






















unlimited car washes!






star car wash'sunlimited wash plans

when you become a wash club member, you can wash your carevery day for as little as $19 a month...really!
										
wash your car every day!
no long-term contracts or commitments!
cancel anytime!





											click here to find out more 








star car wash gift cards






save big on yournext wash!

star car wash gift cards are easy to buy and easy to use!great for friends, family or every day use!



											click here to buy online 








professional detailing services






detailing services for yourcar, truck or suv

star car wash can bring that brand newfeeling back to your car, truck or suv!



											view our detailing menu 















star car washpre-paid gift cards



star car wash car wash gift cards make great gifts for friends, familiy and co-workers! easy to buy and easy to use!
buy online 









star car wash's unlimited plans!



for as little as $19 per/mo, you can wash your car every day! it's easy to join with no long term contracts!
find out more 









join the star car wash email club!



become an email club member and have our best discounts and offers delivered right to your inbox!
become a member 













proudly serving the dallas metro area for over 30 years!



about star car wash
star car wash is proud to have been serving the auto appearance needs of dallas metro area residents for over 30 years. our commitment to excellence and to you, our customer, has made us the maintenance partner of choice for many dfw area motorists. we look forward to serving you again soon.




convenient location!

 star car wash of garland, tx





contact us

 corporate phone: 972-578-8899
 corporate email: click here to email us




follow us











star car wash copyright 2017. all rights reserved.




terms of service
privacy policy
contact us

































