








chairs with flair | transforming vancouver wedding venues with chair covers,  since 1994






















































 est. 1994



menu
skip to content
product line
blog
about us
contact
 

















































transforming wedding venues since 1994
 
vancouver’s original chair cover company!
 
chairs covers in different sizes and styles to suit most chairs. starting from $2.85ea.
 
perfect for any event; wedding receptions or bridal showers, christmas and new year’s eve parties, corporate events, conferences and conventions.
 
ask us about our table linens. runners, overlays and tablecloths to match your decor, starting from $5 per table.
 
we offer great rates for “do-it-yourselfers” as well as for partial and full service options.  call or email today for a quote!
 
new! decorating packages  ….  chair covers, sashes, aisle runners and head tables that really pop.  professional decorating services without the huge price tag. 
 
catch up on news and trends in our  ‘blog with flair’ section.





we got you covered












white chair covers 
55 photos









black chair covers
10 photos









ivory chair covers
5 photos









high back covers
13 photos









white wraps
20 photos









ivory wraps
9 photos









spandex covers
8 photos









aisle runners 
2 photos












blog with flair




covid safety protocols for chairs with flair

1704 days ago
this season is a little different for us and everyone in the event industry, as we try to navigate the unfamiliar territory of…



renting vs. buying –  a cheaper, more reliable option

1739 days ago
we have heard a lot about our gatherings being much smaller this year than ever (under 50 people). while a 50 person limit…



add extra flair with specialty spandex covers!

1755 days ago
spandex covers with built in sash, plain and with added bling rings spandex chair covers with a twist! from rushed sides to built…



a sash is a sash…until it’s a tie!

2280 days ago
  complimenting your wedding chair decor with a sash is brilliant. not only does the chair instantly create an added element to your…



to cover or not to cover

2406 days ago
well, the answer to that is an easy one….cover! chair covers are the ultimate decor element. they uniform the room, they allow you…



 



			marketing services and development provided by
			bridal network and opto media and web technologies












