

  









mantelpiece | we make your illustrations move!






























































































mantelpiecewe make your illustrations move! 















home






news feed






privacy policy






contact us






 
































welcome tomantelpiecenow, you have one resource for all of your animation and images with us. find all the themes that you require just under one platform.
 





  sorry, your browser does not support inline svg. 



















stockshot mayhemstock photographs, you can't beat em. weve messed with them, animated them and turned them into practically films.
 









read more 


















 















 
















our projectscartoon stripthis is a selection from our cartoon strip. not all of them unfortunately as we are currently trying to get them published and were advised by our agent to only show a few for the meantime.
 
















specializationwhat we do
 









 


 



flash animations

                                        an animation, rich web application, desktop application, smartphone app, mobile game, and embedded web browser video player may all be created with adobe flash.                






 









 


 



photoshopped images

                                        the industry standard for photo editing software, photoshop is the preferred choice for anything from minor retouching adjustments to innovative picture art.                






 









 


 



animated gifs

                                        on giphy, discover and share the greatest animated gifs and the most popular animated gifs. discover gifs that are amusing, adorable, and more.                






 















 


 



cartoons

                                        in contrast to traditional modes of communication, cartoons constitute a distinctive sort of journalism. the pictures can powerfully convey the news of the day.                 






 









 


 



comedy writing

                                        a humorous piece of writing draws viewers in and enhances it. discovering the humor in situations can assist to ease stress and tension.                






 









 


 



illustrations

                                        young children require visuals to help them develop their imagination, for this reason, children's books must contain illustrations that are vibrant and bright.                 






 






















welcome tothe world of fancyteeth animationsanimation is a technique used to make stationary images appear to be moving. traditional animation involves hand-painting or drawing pictures on translucent celluloid sheets, which are then captured and shown in the cinema. the majority of animations built today use computer-generated graphics (cgi).
 









start now 


















 




17yearsexperienceworking
 
















exclusivetomfoolery animationit's the tomfoolery section. a fine collection of flash interactive game type things, the odd animation and celebrities such as hercule poirot feature in this cavalcade of adult orientated delights.
 





























our bloglatest news & updates
 




 
tips for creating memorable comic characters
september 9, 2023march 8, 2023
 

 

whether you’re writing a script or a sketch, the key to creating strong comedic characters is to have their balance out and show some redeemable, human qualities. this will make them lovable to your readers and give them a chance to shine as comedy characters.
identify their flaws and conflicts
the most famous comedy characters tend to have one thing in common- they are all struggling with something. it could be their job, family, or some other life issue causing them to feel insecure and out of sync with their personality. once you’ve identified this, take some time to delve into these struggles and develop your character.
have a list of their negative qualities, failings, and shortcomings
once you have a clear list of your character’s negative qualities, failings, and shortcomings, try to find ways to accentuate them. this can be done in the form of their dialogue, their actions, or their attitudes toward certain situations. this will help accentuate a trait you may not have thought about before and can lead to some great comic moments. you can also accentuate this trait through exaggeration or emphasis. you can change how they talk, respond to a situation, or even make them look like different animals.

play with perspective and frames
this is a tricky one to get right, but it’s an important one. you’re writing a scene or a sequence in your screenplay because it will be played out to an audience, and this means that there will be many perspectives from which your character can be framed. in some cases, this will make it easier to find comedic moments because you’ll have more opportunities to hone in on the best funny angle.
highlight the humor
another important consideration is to remember that your comedy is not about being the “funniest” character in your story- it’s about highlighting the humor of your characters and their interactions with others. it’s a great way to make your characters and their situations more memorable, and it will also help them stand out from your other character types.
keeping the reader’s interest
once your audience has identified your character as a comedy vehicle, they will read and react to them a lot differently than they would another character in the same story. this is because your comedy will be able to draw on the audience’s investment in the story and make them laugh at the subtlety of your jokes.
this is why it’s so important to know your comedy well and be able to make the most of it. to do this, you should analyze the text of your screenplay or script and figure out what makes each scene or storyline funny. this will allow you to understand what makes each moment and character so funny and how you can rewrite these scenes or moments for maximum impact.

 
steps to start a comic book
august 5, 2023march 8, 2023
 

 

whether you’re writing a comic book for fun or to make money, you should know a few things. the first is that comic books can be a great way to get your creative juices flowing and develop a story you love. the second is that comics can be profitable if you produce and market them correctly.
1. create a character design
before you start drawing your comic, it’s important to design the characters. this means thinking about their faces, clothes, hairstyles, and even their expressions. it also means making sure their actions are consistent throughout your comic.

2. pick your format
there are many different types of comics, but they typically fall into three categories: single frame, strip, and page length (comic book). select the one that best fits your story, characters, and setting.
3. choose your background
choosing a background is one of the most important decisions you’ll make as a comic artist. it can make or break your comic, so it’s a good idea to pick something that makes your comic stand out from the crowd.
4. establishing shots
it’s common for comics to take place in various locations, so make it easy for your readers to figure out where your characters are by using a single establishing shot for each new location.
5. plan your panel layouts
a clear idea of what each panel will look like is essential to creating your comic. this can be done by laying out your panels on paper or using storyboard software. it’s also a good idea to have a few pages already drawn out before you start the actual art process so that you can see how your comic will flow from page to page.
6. storyboard your comic
every author needs to get someone else’s feedback before they publish their work, and storyboards are a good place to do that. they’ll help you plan the plot, decide on the flow of your comic, and see what panels will work well together.
7. draw your rough sketches
before you start inking or coloring your comic, you should have some basic drawings of the different scenes and characters. keeping these sketches on hand will give you an idea of how each panel will be laid out and give you room to fix mistakes in the future.
8. identify your theme
finding your theme before you start creating your comic is important because this will determine how you tell your story. you can choose to create a comedy, a romance, or anything in between.

9. identify your tone
this will determine the style of your comic and will affect how you write, design, and draw it. it will also determine the audience that will read your comic, so it’s a crucial part of the process.
10. use the storyboard
once you have a theme and tone for your comic, it’s time to start drafting! a storyboard can be a valuable tool for this step and is often the best way to ensure you’re on track with your comic.

 
improve your writing by thinking like a comedy writer
july 7, 2023march 8, 2023
 

 

regardless of your writing ambitions, comedy is an art form that takes practice. like dancers, artists, and athletes, it’s best to work hard and stay committed to your craft. several resources are also available to help you develop your comedy writing skills and hone your sense of humor.
no matter what your writing goals are, it’s important to take the time to learn new ways of thinking and to get better at your craft. for many writers, this means reading various books and attending a series of workshops and seminars.

use the internet
one of the most valuable resources for developing your skills in comedy writing is the internet. the web is filled with online communities and forums where you can meet other comedy writers and get feedback on your work.
watch, listen, and learn
watching and listening to comedians is another helpful tool for improving your comedy writing. not only will you be able to pick up on their styles and see how they interact with their audience, but you’ll also observe how their jokes come together and how they perform on stage.
read comic books
the next thing you can do to improve your comedy writing is to read a wide range of comic books and jokes. whether you’re interested in stand-up comedy, sketch comedy, or scripted television shows, there’s sure to be a collection of hilarious works that can teach you something.

listen to podcasts
in addition to watching comedy, you can also listen to podcasts and other audio content related to comedy. these can give you a new perspective on the world around you and ideas for your own material.
observing the world
undoubtedly, the most effective comedy writers are observers of life. they look at the things they observe, question them, and try to think of a new angle for each thing that comes their way. comedy writing is the art of making people laugh and can be taught to anyone. contrary to popular belief, a “sense of humor” isn’t an innate gift that only a few special people possess.
learn the language of comedy writing
the language of comedy writing can be a little intimidating at first. there are many words and phrases you won’t hear in everyday conversation, but it’s crucial to understand them.
this will make it easier for you to write in a way that makes your audience laugh. in addition, it will also make your writing more polished and professional looking, which can be important when submitting to agents and editors.

to sum it up
regarding your writing, it’s important to remember that you should never use curse words. this is one of the biggest mistakes writers make, which can harm your career. it’s also important to note that comedy isn’t a solitary craft; it can be extremely collaborative, especially in the late-night tv and sitcom writing arenas. many sitcom and late-night writers have a designated writing room to collaborate on full drafts of their work.

 
famous 2000s cartoons you should know about
june 12, 2023march 8, 2023
 

 

for most children growing up in the 2000s, their first taste of humor was derived from the cartoons they watched. these wacky, zany shows incorporated low-brow, slapstick humor into their storytelling. they also provided foundations for many of the jokes and witticisms kids use today. some of these cartoons have since become icons of a generation, and many people still find their way back to them decades after they originally aired.
avatar: the last airbender
avatar: the last airbender, one of the most popular cartoons of all time, was one of the first american shows to take anime style and make it mainstream for the general public. the story is complex and engaging, and the visual design of the show is stunning, especially for an animated series.

samurai jack
another popular cartoon of the era, samurai jack, was a great choice for kids into sci-fi. this cult-like show had an enthralling storyline packed with action and drama. it had a slew of fanciful characters, and it was one of the most popular cartoons of all time on cartoon network.
fillmore
this disney cartoon was largely forgotten by kids when it first came out, but hardcore fans know that it was one of the best kids’ animations of all time. the eponymous protagonist, cornelius fillmore, is a 12-year-old who joins the safety patrol after being arrested for stealing a shipment of chalk. he fights to save the world from an evil villain named “aku.”
megas xlr
this was the perfect show for those who enjoyed a dose of anime without sacrificing any sense of american sensibility. it was on cartoon network only for a few years but stayed with viewers. it was a little weird and a little slapstick, but it had an unwavering love for anime that even adults who don’t watch anime will still recognize.
the fairly odd parents
this nickelodeon show was one of the longest-running shows to air on the channel. it centered on a 10-year-old boy named timmy turner. he fades out of his babysitter’s life and gets a fairy godmother named cosmo and wanda to fulfill all of his wishes, but things go awry for him.
danny phantom
an action-adventure cartoon show, danny phantom is an excellent 2000s cartoon that features a human who becomes a ghost after an accident. he can use his ghost powers to fight the evil forces trying to destroy the town he lives in.

house of mouse
the club, run by mickey and his friends minnie, goofy, donald, etc., is nickelodeon’s second favorite 2000s cartoon. it features various characters from disney, like mickey, minnie, goofy, etc., and has a very nostalgic storyline.
genre throwback
this is the term for movies and tv shows meant to return to the heyday of a genre. disney films such as the princess and the frog and tangled are all meant to be a return to the renaissance age of animation, but they’re not the only ones to do this.

 
be creative with activities while including comics
may 6, 2023march 8, 2023
 

 

comics can be used in various creative activities to help students build the 4 cs (critical thinking, communication, collaboration, and creativity). in addition to helping students learn and practice critical thinking skills, comics can also promote literacy and foster a positive reading attitude.
create personal stories
telling personal stories can be fun to share your experience with others and connect with readers. you can start with a simple story about an important event or family history and tell stories about everyday events and experiences.

make a cell phone case with comics
creating a cute and unique cell phone case using comics is an easy project that can be completed in a short amount of time. you can find templates in canva that will guide you through the process and allow you to customize your design for a perfect fit easily.
add sound effects to your comics
one of the best ways to enhance a comic with a sense of humor is to include sound effects in the drawings. whether a rocket launching or a pack of wolves howling at the moon, adding a sound to your comic can create an even more exciting and engaging story.
layout your comics correctly
to create a strong and effective comic, it’s essential to make sure that your drawing is in a clean and organized format. a clean and simple layout will encourage readers to pay attention to the details in your comic, and a simple design will also make it easier to follow the story you’re telling.
draw and edit your comics
you’ll want to ensure your comics are well-illustrated before printing them out. this can be done by adding details to your images, such as shadows and other elements that add depth and visual interest to your comics.
this will help readers feel that your comic is a complete and meaningful story. if you’re new to the comics making process, consider creating a few practice strips before you begin illustrating your final comic.
you can upload your comics to a website or social media page to share with friends when you’re done. a digital comic strip can also help a business or brand convey its personality and values, forming a unique communication strategy.

use your comics to support client work
creating a comic strip can be a great way to work with clients to improve their relationships, overcome trauma and challenges, or find a more positive balance in their lives. as with other non-directive art techniques, you can steer this activity in a direction that works best for your client, such as using multi-panel drawings to communicate the experience of a difficult situation or working on metaphors to help a client better understand their emotions and behaviors.
conclusion
like all art materials, comics should be handled with care to prevent them from being damaged or destroyed by handling. ensure that the paper you use is nitrile. this will prevent oils and other materials from transferring to your comics from your hands, which can cause deterioration.

 
a guide to storyboard a comic book
april 8, 2023march 8, 2023
 

 

whether you’re a professional or a beginner, it’s vital that you understand how to storyboard your comic book. this process will save you a lot of time and stress when it comes to creating the artwork and lettering for your book.
plan your story
the first thing you need to do is make a plan for your story! this is important because it will help you ensure your book has a clear flow, so your readers can easily follow along.

break up your story into acts!
like movies, comic books have a structure that allows them to flow from one scene to the next. this is called an “arc.” map out each act and write the details to ensure you’ve covered everything.
identify the main character and their motivations
when you’re writing a comic book, the first thing you need to do is create your main protagonist. their personality and traits are essential to helping your readers relate to them and root for them in their journey.
set the action of each scene so that it makes sense for the reader.
ideally, you want to give your readers a visual representation of what’s happening in each scene. this can be done by using color and setting up scenes in a way that helps the reader separate them in their mind, so they can tell where they are in time.
sketch out the scenes
during the storyboarding process, you’ll want to sketch out each scene to get a feel for how it will look on the page. this will also help you identify any problems with your layouts so that you can fix them before you start drawing.
use a template for your storyboard
regardless of your skill level or experience, plenty of storyboard templates are out there for you to download and use. this will allow you to make sure your artwork is consistent and readable and give you the freedom to change your ideas without having to redo a whole section of work.
use colors to convey mood and atmosphere!
in comics, it’s often the colors that help the reader picture the world around them. choosing a color scheme that works well for your scene is crucial, as it will keep the reader’s attention and help them understand what’s happening.

make use of speech and thought bubbles!
the speech and thought bubbles of a comic are an essential part of the style and give the reader a great way to enter the characters’ minds. there are many different options, from simple stick figures to symbols and images, so be sure to choose the best one for your story.
consider the reader’s perspective when making your storyboard.
unlike novels and other narrative literature, comic books don’t follow strict conventions. they might have full-page horizontal landscape panels, partially overlapping panels, or overlays that show fast-moving series of connected actions. these styles can all be used effectively if you’re not trying to force your story into a cliche or overly complex format.

 
ways to make a comic strip
march 7, 2023february 28, 2023
 

 

comics are fun and rejuvenating concepts that are not only meant for children but are also equally enjoyed by adults in today’s world. they are one of the most fun ways to learn and tell stories with a combination of texts and images. whether you’re an inspiring cartoonist or you’re making comic strips as a hobby, you will want to get it right, lest the meaning and the essence of a comic strip are lost.
if you are looking for ways to get started and start making a comic strip, here is a guide to get you started.

developing your idea
before you begin making the best comic strip of your life, you need to develop ideas and concepts for your comic story. it can be anything from a simple gag to a complex narrative, but the story should be formed in such a way that it portrays your excitement and passion for storytelling. then, in order to deliver the best story, you can consider it from the readers’ point of view.
creating characters
once the plot and story are written, you must consider your characters. start with one or two characters and imagine their appearance. you can also give them unique personalities and traits to help them stand out. next, you need to experiment with different looks until you fix one.
planning your panels
the entire layout of the comic strip should be planned, which decides where each panel is placed. since each panel will convey a message or tell a story, it should be placed sequentially. creating a rough sketch can also help in figuring out the story’s layout and flow of the entire story.
writing the script
once everything is decided, the script or the story is written, which involves dialogues, narration, captions, and other texts which will accompany the images. the script should be focused and concise to fit the panel constraints. since comic strips are visual media to tell a story, they should be able to convey as much message as possible through images.
sketching the comic strip
once the layout and the script are in hand, it is important to sketch the comic strip. it is best to make use of a pencil to chalk out the panel and testify about the mistakes, if any. after the sketching is finalized, ink can be added to the images, but it is essential to be careful regarding lines and margins. once the ink is added, you can also color the strip and refine it in case there are any mistakes in the drawings.

adding text
once the sketch is colored and refined, it is essential to add the written scripts and dialogs, narrations, and captions in each of the panels. again, the placement and size of the text are important to consider, drastically impacting how the comic strip is read.

 
unique comic strip ideas
february 4, 2023
 

 

comics are fun, funny, and creative ways to express yourself. they are a popular form of storytelling that entertains and educates by providing a visual medium for retelling stories and complex ideas through images and dialogue.
1. create a topic you’re passionate about
it is important to choose a theme to get started on your comic strip. you should choose a theme you are passionate about and can illustrate easily. some ideas for a topic might include:  “a story about you and your best friend,”  “your sibling,”  “an interesting subject in your community”.

2. be creative
before drawing your comic, think about what you want to draw and make sure that it is relevant to the theme. this will help you avoid the temptation to draw things that aren’t related to your subject and can also make it easier for you to come up with a good storyline and characters.
3. think about your audience
before you start your comic, decide who will read it and what age group the reader is, whether you are writing for children, teenagers, or adults. this will help you write jokes that are appropriate and don’t over-explain the story.
4. identify the main character and sketch them
the main character of your comic is the main point of interest, they are the focus of the story, and therefore, you would want to give them a strong personality and traits. the character should be able to tell the reader what is happening in the comic, they should be realistic, and you should develop their character based on their actions.
5. describe the background scenery
it’s also useful to have a setting for your comic, whether outdoor or indoor. the location will help you develop the characters and storyline, as it will be easier to draw things that are believable in your surroundings.
6. use black lines
it is a good idea to draw your comic with black lines as it gives depth to the characters and helps them stand out on the page. you can also use darker shades to draw out the eyes, fur, or whiskers of your characters.
7. use a range of fonts and sizes
when writing your comic, remember that lettering can be used to show how the characters are feeling. for example, small text may mean that they are whispering, while large text could be a shout.

8. use speech bubbles
when creating your comic, be sure to include some speech or thought bubbles to help clarify what is being said. this can be a great way to get your readers to follow the story. the speech bubbles can have various shapes, like a cloud that conveys thinking or jagged edges that indicate volume and excitement.
9. using your imagination
letting your imagination run wild will allow you to come up with unique comic strip ideas. developing a unique story line and original characters will help you to create a comic that is both funny and interesting. it will also allow you to be creative with your art style and design.

 
what are the elements of cartoon strips?
january 9, 2023march 8, 2023
 

 

since comics first appeared, the visual form has developed quickly as a result of artists’ and illustrators’ intense desire to depict superheroes on the page. one’s personal cartoons can be about anything, and there is a bewildering array of options on how to create them. continue reading to discover more about what makes comics special.
style
any topic can be transformed by style. consider the implications for your own comedy. a painful personal narrative might be made less challenging and potentially less distressing or impactful if it is illustrated in a cartoon style. your audience will have a more intense emotional reaction to the same tale if you illustrate it in a realistic and thorough manner. additionally, the effect could turn surreal, twisting the material to impact viewers in unanticipated ways, if the story is told in a precise but exaggerated manner.
characters
in all forms of media, characters must be carefully constructed. every character inside a story serves as a vehicle for the reader’s unique point of view. however, comic comics go a step further. you need to begin viewing characters as brands. that’s a component of how huge celebrities still dominate the whole entertainment sector today. when someone hears the name spider-man, images of spidey’s many varied plots, foes, and even eyeglass sizes come to mind. popular figures are easily recognizable but have nuanced narratives and themes. if it weren’t for their nuanced quirks and complicated past, they wouldn’t be able to survive in the spotlight for so long.
dialogue

another essential aspect that distinguishes comic comics is dialogue. it expresses the characters’ point of view on the world. without any sort of visual help, you can tell when dialogue is good if you type it on a blank sheet and it still delights you, pulls you into the narrative, and provides accurate guidance about the storyline. every word must have a purpose, whether it be exposition, emotional stimulation, or a resolution to a pre-existing setup. the goal of dialogue is growth. the dialogue is not kept separate from the other graphic elements. it constantly engages with the borders, speech balloons, sound effects, captions, and borders.
combining words and images
words, unlike other types of images, have meanings that are independent of their visual representation. consider the relationship between a group of words and the picture they are adjacent to or part of. there are four fundamental relationships to think about: images and words

complement

when words and images work together, each one brings something unique to the overall impression.

contrast

although each still contributes something unique when words and images contrast, the effects don’t merge as well.

duplicate

when they are duplicated, the message sent by the surrounding words and images are essentially the same.

diverge

words and images might roam in different directions, parallel but unrelated directions.

 
movies based on comic strips
december 3, 2022december 3, 2022
 

 


garfield is an american comic strip featuring garfield, an apt description of a typical cat with a creative, curious, naughty mind but lazy nature. he makes everyone’s day with relevant affiliations to his obsessive eating, coffee love, and lasagna. the comic found its success in the form of animated films, television series, theatrical films, and the well-known orange cat merchandise.

 

peanuts are one of the classic comics that most literary enthusiasts enjoy. it is simple yet effective in bringing joy to all hearts. the comic strip includes a class of small kids who have distinct characters. the fun lies in choosing their favorite character, along with the naughty and imaginative snoopy, the dog, and the yellow bird woodstock ringing a tune to the ears as he speaks. the comic is endearing and continues to do so with succeeding movies.


 

the simpsons is an american comic strip most famous for its animated sitcom. the comic is based on a family headed by homer and focuses on him along with the city’s other family members and people. the dysfunctional family comedy with the clever plot is the successful formula of the comic to movie creation. in addition, it succeeded in adding homer’s exclamatory “d’oh!” catchphrase into english.

 

tarzan was one of the best-known children’s comics. the movie is an all-time success, including the charming tv cartoon. tarzan is a wonder boy lost in the forest, growing up to be a man raised by apes. he performs many exciting adventures along with his female counterpart jane. the comic, book and cartoon have interesting forest backdrops and feat to the eyes.

 

wonder woman is an ongoing american comic book that was first a comic strip. wonder woman is the most famous female superhero on par or above superwoman. the movie of recent times found most success than many contemporary movies. the titular character is an amazon blue blood, so the story includes different plots as a comic and is yet to explore the movie world.


 

superman is still an ongoing comic representing dc comics and has found massive success in movies and continues to do so. the comic character has inspired many characters worldwide, including a negatively shaded star lander. he has a strong backstory from a different planet and strives to save earth.

 

batman is one of the creations of dc comics which is very famous. finding success in most countries worldwide, the comic owes its part of the success to the sidekick, robin the boy wonder. more than the comics, the movies brought other fan following to the villain, the joker. spin-offs are celebrating the archenemy of batman.

 

spider-man is a superhero from the marvel comic franchise. spiderman is the most successful movie in history turned from a comic. this movie sports a teen who gets bit by a spider to develop “spider-sense.” his precognition ability, superhuman strength, speed, agility, and family drama, add the recipe for a perfect entertainer, both in the form of books and movies. the franchise expands into merchandise and other forms of business.

 

the hulk is a superhero created in marvel comics. the writer stan lee created the comic character based on dr. robert bruce banner physicist with a dissociative disorder with an alter geo hulk. the person is portrayed as socially withdrawn and emotionally reserved but turns into a giant green humanoid due to accidental exposure to gamma rays. he turns to hulk when he is emotionally stressed. following a huge success, this comic took the form of movies and got a bigger hit to succeed in more movies and sell merchandise.


 

other successful comic strips turned movies, such as addams family, dennis the menace, flash the superhero, and so on, add enjoyment to our lives.


 


















contact usrequest to call back!drop your details here, so that we may contact you to know how we can help you. 
 



 


 



















 










 











 




















copyright © 2022 mantlepies.com | all rights reserved. 































                shopping basket            














































   






































