


my never-neverland






    <$blogrsdurl$>


  
























    
	my never-neverland
	
  
up & away to the second star on the right & straight on into the morning light!





monday, october 19, 2009



	 
	 other experiment
	 
    


this time around i am testing the hyperlink directly from my windows live writer. naturally, i had to think of what link to post so i came up with heroes since it’s coming on in about 15 minutes. wikiing heroes 



posted by veronica at 6:45 pm
 | 









	 
	 testing from my windows live writer program
	 
    


i am no whiz at this thing so i hope this program doesn’t screw up my original blog site settings from my dashboard. let’s see now….*pressing return to post this entry* 



posted by veronica at 6:13 pm
 | 









	 
	 more experiments
	 
    


  testing a photo post here. this one is from several weeks ago, the mommy bothering her cat as she tries to take her 56th cat nap of the day.  labels: cats, pictures



posted by veronica at 4:40 pm
 | 









	 
	 the return of zokeev!
	 
    


here i am pondering about going back to blogging or/& also to start vlogging as well. i am still debating within myself on what topics i should focus on & what projects to share with you on my blog site. more to come. stay tuned.



posted by veronica at 4:01 pm
 | 






saturday, december 9, 2006



	 
	 whats my dosha
	 
    


your dosha is kaphacalm and grounded, you are not prone to mood swings or anger.however, once you do get angry, it takes a lot to cool you down.you tend to think a little slower than most people, but your logic is astounding.overall, you very loyal and trustworthy. you're not scared of being who you really are.with friends: you enjoy their company, but often listen more than talkin love: you crave connection and affection. it's hard for you to be single.to achieve more balance: exercise vigorously (especially in the sun) and let go of attachments.what's your dosha?



posted by veronica at 11:32 pm
 | 









	 
	 of course
	 
    


you are an excellent cookyou're a top cook, but you weren't born that way. it's taken a lot of practice, a lot of experimenting, and a lot of learning.it's likely that you have what it takes to be a top chef, should you have the desire...are you a good cook?



posted by veronica at 11:18 pm
 | 









	 
	 again on the money!
	 
    


you are sunseteven though you still may be young, you already feel like you've accomplished a lot in life.and you feel free to pave your own path now, and you're not even sure where it will take you.maybe you'll pursue higher education in a subject you enjoy - or travel the world for a few years.either way, you approach life with a relaxed, open attitude. and that will take you far!what time of day are you?



posted by veronica at 11:15 pm
 | 









	 
	 oh, right on the money!
	 
    


you are surrealismdreamy and idealistic, you've created a world that is all your own.it's very likely that you've either dabbled in drugs or are naturally trippy.you are always trying to push beyond the boundaries of your culture and society.you believe that art, love, and freedom can change the world.what art movement are you?



posted by veronica at 11:10 pm
 | 









	 
	 oh, right on the money!
	 
    


you are surrealismdreamy and idealistic, you've created a world that is all your own.it's very likely that you've either dabbled in drugs or are naturally trippy.you are always trying to push beyond the boundaries of your culture and society.you believe that art, love, and freedom can change the world.what art movement are you?



posted by veronica at 11:09 pm
 | 









	 
	 then, i am a true cusp.
	 
    


you are 53% sagittariushow sagittarius are you?



posted by veronica at 11:03 pm
 | 









	 
	 my heart left me and went to san francisco
	 
    


you belong in san franciscoyou crave an eclectic, urban environment. you're half california, half nyc.you're open minded, tolerant, and secretly think you're the best.people may dismiss you as a hippie, but you're also progressive, interesting, and rich!where does your inner californian belong?



posted by veronica at 10:47 pm
 | 









	 
	 danke schoen
	 
    


your inner european is dutch!open minded and tolerant.you're up for just about anything.who's your inner european?



posted by veronica at 10:41 pm
 | 






sunday, may 28, 2006



	 
	 i'll tell anyone whose heart can comprehend
	 
    


this is to someone who i haven't met yet and already miss. i'm looking for someone to miss...-----------------------------------------------------------(this song is by janet jackson)shot like an arrow through my heartthat's the pain i feeli feel whenever we're apartnot to say that i'm in love with youbut who's to say that i'm noti just know that it feels wrong,when i'm away too longit makes my body hot, so let me tell ya babychorus:i'll tell your mama, i'll tell your friendsi'll tell anyonewhose heart can comprehendsend it in a letter babytell you on the phonei'm not the kinda girlwho likes to be alonei miss ya much (boy-oh-i miss you much)i really miss you much (m-i-s-s you much)i miss ya much (boy-oh-i miss you much)baby i really miss you much (m-i-s-s you much)i'm rushing homejust as soon as i cani'm rushing home to seeyour smiling faceand feel your warm embraceit makes f-feel so g-g-g goodso i'll tell you babyrepeat chorusi miss you muchi really really miss youyou muchi miss you muchi'm not ashamed to tell the worldi miss yourepeat chorus



posted by veronica at 11:45 am
 | 






monday, april 17, 2006



	 
	 war. what is it good for?
	 
    


yesterday, over a glass of wine outside on our 2nd floor balcony, discussing with my mother about how people have not learned a thing for about 8 to 10 thousand of years that war does not solve anything. *sigh* and we are stuck on the same planet with them. how frustrating.



posted by veronica at 9:30 pm
 | 






thursday, march 23, 2006



	 
	 cheap by the deaf dozen?
	 
    


check this deaf family out



posted by veronica at 11:39 pm
 | 









	 
	 being a part of the deaf ripple
	 
    


well, it's my first week at my new job. it has been an interesting experience so far. 3 days a week, i work with kindergartern and 2 days a week, i take over english class with jrhs and hs. finally, i get to taste what it is like to work at a school setting, especially with deaf kids. i am still getting to know to my students from both catagories, elementary and secondary. gotta learn their tendencies fast so i can prevent it from happening again. it is trying, though. you know, i'm the new faculty and they are anxious to play with me. standard intitation, i guess. right?today, i got to have the chance to say my thanks to greg hlibok for what he had done for the deaf community. my boss was showing him around at our school. tonight, they had a speech to present at phoenix college regarding dpn's truimph. i could not go because if i did, i would arrive back home at like 12am. so, forget it. some another time will do. i was glad to have greg hlibok in "my" classroom at that moment instead of having to wait for my chance in another 12 years or so to formally chat with him briefly. now, i can check that off from my list of "important things to do before i die".



posted by veronica at 10:51 pm
 | 






monday, march 13, 2006



	 
	 to be wired or not to be wired? and adding this, to share or not to share?
	 
    


we are so spoiled with wireless technology. right now, i am going thank goddess for this wireless laptop, both power and internet. it got me wondering what if one day we all will say, whatever happened to the good old fashioned wires that makes us sit still  and stay in one place and no wonder people developed adhd and went off thinking up wirelessness in order to stay moving. just like thinking about whatever happened to good old fashioned art of letter writing that is delivered by snail mail into actual "inboxes"; nah, thank goddess for e-mails. hm.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------i eat crap. you eat crap. we all eat crap. i have a button that i just, today actually, adhered to my purse that says "two words america: portion control". really, look at us all. in the high percentage, we all have some flabby tissues. i am so concerned about america's falling health. it's funny, i read that there are so many americans who are very health-conscious, but yet america has a weight and health problems. after few attempts with struggle pinning that button on my purse, a memory had a chance to be reflected in me head. i recalled the time when i was in london. during a dinner party, it was at the end of my first week or beginning of my second week there, i was continuiously meeting new people at that party at my friend's flat where i was staying at. of course, they make a face when they learn that i am an american. not a great face most of the time, i might add. there was this guy who was kinda loud as in arrograt. he and i chatted some. while we were, few people (who i made fast friends with) who walked through physically undisturbing our conversation, but i caught them eyeballing me to hint at me to watch out for him and they were whispering at me with low signs (in bsl) telling me that he can be an asshole. i heard them loud and clear. so, i let the converstaion between the guy and i just flow by. at one point, i sat down on the couch in the living room. the food were being plated on the coffee table. it was a buffet party. the guy semi-announced to the people in the living room that i am an american. i saw that as an unimportant part because of the way he said it which made me feel on the spot. you know when a deaf person sees you on the bus and come up to you and say, "hey you deaf? im deaf too!" with a dumb smile painted on and you are left wityh just nodding back not wanting to intiate any converstation with that person because you weren't up to it with a total deaf stranger. yeah, that feeling. anyway, he started to pick up the platters off the coffee table and carried maybe 2 of them to me offering me some bites. i said no with some awkwardness because this was weird. for some reason, i knew it wasn't because he was being polite helping out serving. when i said "no, thanks" with a smile to the platters, he made a startling, surprised face and put the platters down back on the coffee table to sign to me, "but you are american!" i didn't understand what he meant by that and i was so puzzled by the remark. he lost me there. he continued with "when i chat with you, i think in my head when i look at you and am surprised that you are small and thin. americans always eat and eat. right? they are so big and fat. so i thought you wanted to eat and i bring you platters for you." i was taken aback by that. in some ways, i felt insulted for my american people. but he was right. americans are real bad with food nowadays. the way he said it was with no class anyway so that made the whole thing look bad for me. it was just a whoa moment.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------later that night, more of us were getting friendlier due to poisoning ourselves with liquid toxins, the guy and i chatted again. this time, along with his few deaf buddies from leeds, i forgot how our conversation got led to the 9/11 topic. we started discussing about that. i forget the details. they asked me how i felt about it and i replied with my true feelings on the tragedic storm. somehow, the debate got esclacted into unnecessary comments such like they joked about that what if it happens in london and that how there was no way it would because they are "neutral" compared to america because "we" are so egoistical about military and war and  nuclear powers and money. they laughed as they joked about it. i was standing with a stoic face. i was hurted by it and i certainly let them see how it disrespected me. the only one who was left laughing last was that guy. because the other guys had some sense to stop once they realized that it wasn't funny when i pointed out that it can happen to anyone and that not everyone in usa are not into war and that bush is. they apologized to me except that guy. and look what happened in their tubes last year. i would not wish that on my worst enemy if i even had one. but i could not help it and not think about that ganged-up converstaion regarding any bombings in other countries. i do wonder what they thought and felt during the bombings in the tubes in london on their land. all i could do was just go, oh wow, weird, for only one second and then it all changes to compassion for everyone over there. i guess we gotta, unfortunately, share the same planet as we learned in kidergartner and that is to share.



posted by veronica at 10:57 pm
 | 






wednesday, march 8, 2006



	 
	 wtf?!!
	 
    


you should get a mba (masters of business administration)you're a self starter with a drive for success.you'd make a great entrepreneur.what advanced degree should you get?



posted by veronica at 9:42 pm
 | 









	 
	 gustav!
	 
    


who should paint you: gustav klimtsensual and gorgeous, you would inspire an enchanting portrait..with just enough classic appeal to be hung in any museum!what artist should paint your portrait?



posted by veronica at 9:33 pm
 | 









	 
	 what a hoax
	 
    


what do you know? they got me so wrong. i'm actually an only child. it just goes to show you that those online quizzes are not that accurate. but, yet i still do them. am i that pathetic?you are likely a third bornat your darkest moments, you feel vulnerable.at work and school, you do best when you're comparing things.when you love someone, you tend to like to please them.in friendship, you are loyal to one person.your ideal careers are: sales, police officer, newspaper reporter, inventor, poet, and animal trainer.you will leave your mark on the world with inventions, poetry, and inspiration.the birth order predictor



posted by veronica at 9:14 pm
 | 









	 
	 c'est la vie!
	 
    


you should learn frenchc'est super! you appreciate the finer things in life... wine, art, cheese, love affairs.you are definitely a parisian at heart. you just need your tongue to catch up...what language should you learn?



posted by veronica at 9:05 pm
 | 











about me

name:  veronica 
location:  tempe, arizona, united states 
view my complete profile


links




current books i'm reading

so you want to be an interpreter?
how good people make tough choices

current netflixs at my home

liberty heights

forums

the kitchen

under construction

my website
wishlist

deaf friends

frequent flyers

reflections: sifting realities
observe but do not interfere
rays of consciousness
defbefgoesdeaf
shannon & jason
the world according to tactilejunkie
rural versus urban
 ramblings of a heretic...

corner cobwebs

the articulate deaf

deaf arizonan amigos

teejay28's journal
deaf258
frogotopia

acquaintances & friends of friends

deaf jake's blog
mordu23
introspectives of the jenko

our muses dance in here

poetry.com
ode to the witch's poems
jason wittig photography
tatephoto

glbt hearies

wil wheaton dot net
rupaul

references of the deaf-world

  u.s.a.

i want my open-captioned movies now!
go & see rathskellar!
chiromeme news

  arizona~

arizona deaf theatre

  europe

  united kingdom~

vee-tv
deaf rave

references of the queers


lesbain and gay travels
when is gay pride in your location?
bisexuals resources for bisexuals

references of vegetarianism

encyclopedia on vegetarianism
history of vegetarianism
veganism
the myths
resources
the vegetarian society
for & on kids
bhojan
beyond veg
famous veggies
articles, recipes, tidbits, links
the best part: more recipes!!! yum!

references of the pagans

when is pagan pride in your location?
the deaf pagan network

ancient scrolls

other experiment
testing from my windows live writer program
more experiments
the return of zokeev!
whats my dosha
of course
again on the money!
oh, right on the money!
oh, right on the money!
then, i am a true cusp.

archives

april 2004
may 2004
june 2004
july 2004
september 2004
october 2004
january 2005
february 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
october 2005
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
december 2006
october 2009












 




