


home | holt marine













 














boat repair & maintenance specialist in brisbane
            
your one-stop-shop for boat service & repair 


















home
about us

services 

boat repairs & servicing
boat sales new & used
outboard motors
parts & accessories
upholstery



contact us
















×


social links







address

25 queens rd, everton hills, qld 4053 



about us

holt marine has almost 40 years of experience in the marine industry, having been established in 1977. holt marine is a family-owned and operated company with a long and successful history of boat repair. 









home
about us

services 

boat repairs & servicing
boat sales new & used
outboard motors
parts & accessories
upholstery


news & information
contact us



 







welcome to holt marine
your one-stop-boat shop in brisbane

holt marine has almost 40 years of experience in the marine industry, having been established in 1977. holt marine is a family-owned and operated company with a long and successful history of boat repair.
                     







quick enquiry




























brisbane’s best boat shop
boats from leading manufacturers































































why choose holt marine?
40 years of industry experience

we are enthusiastic about what we do at holt marine. we have the most up-to-date technological expertise, learned through years of hard work and experience, and we know how to treat our valued customers.
                        

                        holt marine is a well-known boat shop in the everton hills, brisbane. we promptly repair and service your boat in the most cost-effective manner possible. our marine mechanics are industry experts. it is our goal at holt marine to meet all of your boating needs, whether they be repairs, service, or sales.

















get in touch!
let us know your needs

 for all of your boating needs in brisbane and beyond, call holt marine at 07 3353 1928 or fill our online contact form. or simply visit us! we are located at:
25 queens rd in everton hills
.
                        


contact us









our services
all-in-one boat shop





services
trusted & reliable

explore our products and services to cover all your boats and accessories needs. at holt marine, we have a wide range of outboard motors and boat equipment from leading manufacturers. 










boat repairs & servicing
your boat is meant to be a haven from the pressures and strains of juggling work and home life. 
read more





boat sales new & used
for you and your mates, purchasing a boat should be a pleasurable experience. this boat will become an extension of your lifestyle
read more





 outboard motors
if you live in brisbane, you probably enjoy the city's relaxed, laid-back atmosphere and pleasant environment. 
read more





parts & accessories
are you looking for any additional items for your boat? you need a reliable supplier of boat parts in brisbane.
read more







upholstery
all of your marine upholstery needs can be met by holt marine. in reality, we can make high-quality boat covers, chairs, cushions, marine carpet, and bimini tops to order.
read more











our brands 














































faqs
our faqs covers all your doubts regarding our services and products






engine outboard repairs add




over many years of work in the marine service profession, our mechanics are well
                                    versed in boat repairs. holt marine is not just a boat shop, we are also an
                                    authorised detailer and repairer of mercury and mercruiser outboards.
that said, over the years we have gained experience with almost every other boat
                                    motor brand in holt marine’s workshop. as yet, there has not been a mechanical issue
                                    that holt marine’s boat mechanics have not been able to fix.
we are familiar with all sorts of outboard engine issues, and know how to fix them.
                                    whether your boat motor engine’s spark plug is not igniting, you’ve got a dead
                                    battery, got a kill switch issue, an overheating problem or a primer bulb collapse,
                                    we know how to identify the malfunction and how to repair it. we fix your equipment
                                    in a friendly, personal and prompt manner, in the most cost effective way.






mercury outboard engine
                                    specialists add




in our experience, mercury outboard motors are one of the best on the market for
                                    boating in brisbane. as such, we are authorised sellers of mercury outboards.
bear in mind that brisbane’s waterways are vast. from double island point in the
                                    north down to logan in the south, that is a big water area to cover. you need a
                                    motor to last the distance. at holt marine, not only do we find mercury motors
                                    sturdy and reliable, but we find the engine’s superior technology enables long
                                    distance travel. you might think that means mercury boat engines burn a lot of
                                    petrol, however, the electronic fuel injection on such motors are surprisingly low
                                    on fuel consumption. win-win for you.
mercury motors can also withstand harsh weather conditions. when brisbane’s weather
                                    turns wet and wild, with accompanied rough sea water, your mercury motor is
                                    protected to last longer. mercury motors are designed with easy steering
                                    functionality, which can withstand strong currents associated with heavy rain.
naturally, that doesn’t mean you should head out on the water when you see a storm
                                    coming, but you can be assured that your manoeuvrability to get back to dry land
                                    when the rains come down will be easier with a mercury outboard engine.
many marine boat shops in brisbane will be able to sell you an outboard, but when
                                    you want to speak to the mercury outboard specialists, call holt marine. consider us
                                    your brisbane boat shop specialists for mercury motors.






why should i get my boat
                                    serviced? add




think of your boat as you do your car. if you don’t keep up to date with your
                                    vehicle servicing, you will
                                    inevitably end up paying more money to fix problems down the track. many marine
                                    shops in brisbane will
                                    assist with your servicing and boat repairs. at holt marine, our highly experienced
                                    and knowledgeable
                                    team prides itself on impeccable boat servicing and maintenance. 
you will be impressed not only by the standard of our work, but also our serving and
                                    maintenance rates. if
                                    you want to get out on the water without a fuss, you can’t go wrong with a visit to
                                    holt marine. organise
                                    regular service check-ups to keep your engine running efficiently and up-to-scratch.
                                 






boat detailing and body work
                                    repairs add




salt water corrodes boat metal, hardware, fasteners and paint coating. regular
                                    washes with fresh water and
                                    marine boatwash will minimise salt water corrosion. that said, wear and tear on your
                                    boat will happen, whether you are frequent water traveller or not. keep your gelcoat
                                    touch-ups in check with holt marine, which will help minimise some of the corrosion
                                    on your boat. 
perhaps you’ve had an accident, a collision, or noticed dents in your boat? the
                                    majority of boats made today are built using layers of materials; fiberglass,
                                    aluminium and steel is common. what this means is that major bumps require the
                                    assistance of boating professionals. severe impacts on your boat may call for a
                                    phone call to your insurance company. when you need a boat shop in brisbane to fix
                                    your structural damage, holt marine will help you. 
naturally, minor scrapes won’t be as serious, and can be fixed for cosmetic reasons.
                                    however, even the smallest structural damage on your boat requires attention as soon
                                    as possible. the last thing you want is a small hole to corrode further, allowing
                                    water to get into your boat. get your boat fixed as soon as possible,
                                    and avoid major issues in the future. 
holt marine’s team is highly skilled in boat repairs and reconditioning. whether
                                    your boat requires a gelcoat touch up, a body replacement or any other structural
                                    repair, consider holt marine as your go-to brisbane boat shop. 






marine shop brisbane - parts and
                                    accessories add




your boat will come to you with the basics. it is up to you to add your small
                                    luxuries. when you spend your time out on the water, you soon start to think of the
                                    added extras that will make your boating experience
                                    even better. an example of what you can buy from holt marine boat shop in brisbane
                                    includes:

anchoring
apparel and soft goods
boat care including boatwash, chemicals and coating treatments
boat covers and protection
docking equipment
electrical supplies and batteries 
entertainment goods such as esky’s and picnic gear 
fishing rods and accessories 
hardware and fastenings 
lighting 
navigation equipment 
plumbing systems 
propellers and steering 
trailers

at holt marine, we have been in the business long enough to know what products are
                                    on the market. speak
                                    to our knowledgeable brisbane boat shop staff, who will be able to help with your
                                    boat parts and accessories
                                    related questions.






 boat modifications add




as well as boat servicing,
                                       repairs, outboards, inboards, trailers parts and accessories, holt marine can
                                    also modify your boat.
our team can weld and modify your aluminium or stainless steel boat. holt marine has
                                    the equipment
                                    required to repair and rebush your propeller. we can also help install gps and
                                    fishfinders.






 new and used boat sales add




are you in the market for a new boat? although
                                    servicing and maintenance is our specialty, at holt marine
                                    we also sell new and used boats.
finding the right boat for your family’s needs takes time. if you are looking for
                                    expert advice when it comes to boat sales, speak to our team of professionals. there
                                    are hundreds of boat types on the market. fear not, as an established boat shop in
                                    brisbane, holt marine can help find the right boat for you. 
if you are looking to save some cash, holt marine sells a number of second hand
                                    boats. alternatively, we also offer a number of new stessl edge-tracker vagabond
                                    boats, too. even if you choose to buy a boat elsewhere, that’s ok, holt marine can
                                    still organise your pre-purchase checks. know what you are buying before you buy,
                                    speak to holt marine to find out more.











what clients say







 fantastic service, friendly team always happy to help. did a fantastic job on my boat
                                 new side console, new motor and new shade. can not fault at all.



blake debruin












 outstanding service, very knowledgeable staff and very helpful. couldn’t be happier
                              



eden few












 the customer service was great. assistance and advice given was excellent. thank you
                              



brian morton












 only used this dealer 3 times but they were helpful
                                 and experienced. i would use them again but i'm running different motor now



axel ohmen




















contact us

 25 queens rd,      everton hills, qld 4053
                              
    07 3353 1928

 info@holtmarine.com.au






quick links



home


about us



news & information


contact us







services



boat repairs & servicing


boat sales new & used


outboard motors


parts & accessories


upholstery






























                            copyright
                            © 
                            holt marine. website by
                                anaxus






















