






residence and citizenship by investment | henley & partners
























































        callback

 contact
+41 44 266 22 22





english
callback
+41 44 266 22 22
worldwide offices












citizenship
residence
real estate
countries
services
about




english



 contact




















citizenship by investment
residence by investment
real estate
countries
services




about
worldwide offices
publications and reports
newsroom
events
philanthropy




henley passport index
henley passport power index
henley ultimate portfolio
henley wealth migration dashboard
henley residence program index
henley citizenship program index




 callback



 enquiry


+41 44 266 22 22




the global leader inresidence and citizenship by investment











































the global leader in residence and citizenship by investment
invest in a secure future today
review program options

















the firm of global citizens

henley & partners is the global leader in residence and citizenship by investment. each year, hundreds of wealthy individuals and their advisors rely on our expertise and experience in this area. the firm’s highly qualified professionals work together as one team in over 60 offices worldwide.the concept of residence and citizenship by investment was created by henley & partners in the 1990s. as globalization has expanded, residence and citizenship have become topics of significant interest among the increasing number of internationally mobile entrepreneurs and investors whom we proudly serve every day.


about henley & partners












why henley & partners
with over 25 years of institutional experience, henley & partners is by far the largest globally integrated residence and citizenship advisory firm in the world. through the provision of bespoke residence and citizenship by investment solutions, we have helped thousands of individuals and families, their advisors, and many sovereign states to generate value. our outstanding people and systems provide a world-class advisory service underpinned by strict confidentiality, data security, and limited transaction risk. 


60+
offices worldwide


25+
years leading the sector




40+
investment migration options


25,000+
clients advised




15+
government advisory mandates


usd 15 billion+
fdi raised









your journey with henley & partners













1.
we advise on the best program for you and your family










                                            one of our experienced client advisors will carefully assess your personal requirements and help you select the most suitable residence or citizenship by investment program to meet your individual needs and preferences. this initial consultation is free of charge.
                                        





2.
we onboard you as a henley & partners client










                                            before a client agreement is signed and you are invoiced for any services rendered, our compliance team will conduct thorough due diligence on you and any family members included in your application. once you have passed our due diligence checks, we will onboard you as a client and request a fixed fee for our ongoing services.
                                        





3.
we assist you with the entire application process










                                            a dedicated relationship manager will be appointed to assist you in securing and compiling all necessary supporting documents and completing various government application forms. we will guide and support you throughout this often time-consuming and complex part of the process, including making the final submission to the relevant government authority.
                                        





4.
you are granted your new residence or citizenship rights










                                            once the relevant government agency has reviewed all documentation, it will conduct its own due diligence checks. if your application is successful, the government will send us an approval-in-principle letter, and you will be asked to fulfill any payment obligations (namely, make the investment, and/or pay the contribution, and/or settle any remaining fees). on receipt of the payments, the government will initiate your residence or citizenship documents.
                                        





5.
we will continue to support you










                                            if you require any further services relating to your residence and citizenship portfolio, we will continue to provide you with all the assistance you need. this includes the provision of any annual declarations, the renewal of your residence permit or passport, the addition of dependents or new spouses to approved applications, and any additional residence or citizenship options you and your family members may wish to acquire.
                                        












top-tier citizenship programs
citizenship by investment programs









antigua and barbuda




antigua and barbuda offers one of the most competitive citizenship programs in the caribbean. options start from usd 230,000.



antigua and barbuda citizenship








austria




austria has one of the world’s strongest passports. prospective citizens are required to make a substantial contribution to the country’s economy.



austria citizenship








grenada




grenada has the only caribbean citizenship program that holds an e-2 investor visa treaty with the usa, allowing citizens to be eligible to apply for a non-immigrant visa.



grenada citizenship








malta




citizenship by naturalisation for exceptional services by direct investment. this process offers the world’s strictest due diligence standards and vetting.



malta citizenship








nauru




nauru offers successful applicants a secure second citizenship and an opportunity to support the island’s economic development and climate resilience.



nauru citizenship








st. kitts and nevis




st. kitts and nevis has one of the strongest passports among all the caribbean citizenship programs. a donation of usd 250,000 is required.



st. kitts and nevis citizenship








türkiye




the türkiye citizenship by investment program provides citizenship of a country with links to both asia and europe and access to the markets in both regions.



türkiye citizenship









 

top-tier residence programs
residence by investment programs









canada




canada offers two residence programs for investors and entrepreneurs seeking access to this thriving north american market.



canada residence








greece




under the greece golden visa program, a minimum specialized real estate investment of eur 250,000 grants investors a residence permit.



greece residence








portugal




the portugal golden residence permit program is a pathway to visa-free travel in europe’s schengen area and offers the right to live, work, and study in portugal.



portugal residence








spain




the spain residence by investment program is a pathway to visa-free travel in europe’s schengen area and offers the right to live, work, and study in spain.



spain residence








switzerland




the swiss residence program guarantees residence in switzerland for a minimum contribution of chf 250,000 in annual taxes.



switzerland residence








thailand




thailand offers a wide range of residence options through its thailand privilege residence and the long term residence programs.



thailand residence








united states of america




the us eb-5 visa program requires a minimum investment of usd 800,000 for investors to gain residence in one of the world’s most sought-after destinations.



united states of america residence







 




specialist services





private client solutions


refined by over 25 years of residence and citizenship by investment sector leadership, henley & partners’ unique strategic advisory process creates lifelong value for you and your family. we have the broadest and deepest private client offering available, working with the widest range of sovereign states, giving you the greatest possible optionality. the return on your investment includes the freedom to travel, live, and invest where you choose, enhanced security, and a hedge against potential volatility.


private clients




government advisory practice


through our leading government advisory practice, henley & partners assists governments with strategic consulting as well as the design, set-up, operation, and promotion of investment-related residence and citizenship programs. we have raised more than usd 15 billion in foreign direct investment and have designed and implemented several of the most successful programs worldwide.


government advisory




supporting private client advisors


we partner and work in tandem with other advisors of our clients, providing complementary advice and services relating to their residence and citizenship planning options. henley & partners has a deep understanding of the complex requirements of private banks, independent asset managers, family offices, legal advisors, and real estate agents, because many of our employees have previously advised across the same value chains. contact us if you would like to find out more about how we can support you and add further value for your clients.


partner with us









news and articles







18 february 2025

the world’s most attractive investment migration programs in 2025

malta retains 1st place in the 2025 global citizenship program index for the 10th consecutive year, while greece reaches the top of the 2025 global residence program index for the first time.

view article






08 january 2025

the world’s most powerful passports in 2025, according to henley index
in 2025, singapore has reclaimed its crown as the world’s most powerful passport with visa-free access to an extraordinary 195 of the 227 global destinations included in the list.
view article





27 august 2024

bitcoin rally helps create more than 84,000 new crypto millionaires in a year
the population of crypto millionaires in the world soared 95% over the past year as bitcoin exchange-traded funds and other crypto assets climbed, according to a new report.
view article





12 august 2024

the low-tax countries wooing the world’s wealthy
countries such as the uk are tightening tax rules for well-off foreigners, while others are competing to offer them a new home.
view article






view
                    all press releases










contact us today
henley & partners assists international clients in obtaining residence and citizenship under the respective programs. contact us to arrange an initial private consultation.
enquiry






 




the firm of global citizens®




citizenship
residence
real estate
countries
services
contact




about
worldwide offices
publications and reports
newsroom
events
philanthropy




henley passport index
henley passport power index
henley ultimate portfolio
henley wealth migration dashboard
henley residence program index
henley citizenship program index








© 2025 henley & partners holdings ltd all rights reserved

terms of use
privacy policy
cookie policy
disclaimer
ssl certificate













































request a
callback
















call back request
have one of our qualified advisors contact you today.



program of interest*
please selectgeneral enquirycitizenship of antigua and barbudacitizenship of austriacitizenship of dominicacitizenship of egyptcitizenship of grenadacitizenship of jordancitizenship of maltacitizenship of montenegrocitizenship of naurucitizenship of north macedoniacitizenship of st. kitts and neviscitizenship of st. luciacitizenship of türkiyeresidence in australiaresidence in austriaresidence in canadaresidence in costa ricaresidence in cyprusresidence in greeceresidence in hong kongresidence in hungaryresidence in irelandresidence in italyresidence in jerseyresidence in latviaresidence in luxembourgresidence in malaysiaresidence in maltaresidence in mauritiusresidence in monacoresidence in montenegroresidence in namibiaresidence in netherlandsresidence in new zealandresidence in panamaresidence in portugalresidence in singaporeresidence in spainresidence in switzerlandresidence in thailandresidence in united arab emiratesresidence in united kingdomresidence in united states of america





salutation*
please selectmr.ms.mrs.dr.prof.hon.sheikh







first name*






last name*








nationality*
please selectafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantigua & barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia & herzegovinabotswanabrazilbritish virgin islandsbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinacolombiacomoroscongo - brazzavillecongo - kinshasacook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczechiacôte d’ivoiredenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiagabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitihondurashong kong sar chinahungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikosovokuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacau sar chinamacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmar (burma)namibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territoriespanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniarussiarwandaréunionsamoasan marinosaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth koreasouth sudanspainsri lankast. barthélemyst. helenast. kitts & nevisst. luciast. martinst. pierre & miquelonst. vincent & grenadinessudansurinameswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriasão tomé & príncipetaiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad & tobagotunisiaturkmenistanturks & caicos islandstuvalutürkiyeu.s. outlying islandsu.s. virgin islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican cityvenezuelavietnamwallis & futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe





country you currently reside in*
please selectafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantigua & barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustraliaaustriaazerbaijanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia & herzegovinabotswanabrazilbritish virgin islandsbruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanadacape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinacolombiacomoroscongo - brazzavillecongo - kinshasacook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacuraçaocyprusczechiacôte d’ivoiredenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republicecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfijifinlandfrancefrench guianafrench polynesiagabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguernseyguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitihondurashong kong sar chinahungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisle of manisraelitalyjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikosovokuwaitkyrgyzstanlaoslatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacau sar chinamacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldovamonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmar (burma)namibianaurunepalnetherlandsnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorth koreanorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupalestinian territoriespanamapapua new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarromaniarussiarwandaréunionsamoasan marinosaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leonesingaporesint maartenslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth koreasouth sudanspainsri lankast. barthélemyst. helenast. kitts & nevisst. luciast. martinst. pierre & miquelonst. vincent & grenadinessudansurinameswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyriasão tomé & príncipetaiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtimor-lestetogotokelautongatrinidad & tobagotunisiaturkmenistanturks & caicos islandstuvalutürkiyeu.s. outlying islandsu.s. virgin islandsugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited statesuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvatican cityvenezuelavietnamwallis & futunawestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe









state*
please selectalabamaalaskaarizonaarkansascaliforniacoloradoconnecticutdelawarefloridageorgiahawaiiidahoillinoisindianaiowakansaskentuckylouisianamainemarylandmassachusettsmichiganminnesotamississippimissourimontananebraskanevadanew hampshirenew jerseynew mexiconew yorknorth carolinanorth dakotaohiooklahomaoregonpennsylvaniarhode islandsouth carolinasouth dakotatennesseetexasutahvermontvirginiawashingtonwest virginiawisconsinwyoming







telephone number*






e-mail address*





additional e-mail verification required












 



please keep me updated and send me information and news about henley & partners and its group companies, event invitations, press references, and publications via e-mail. detailed information on how we process your personal data can be found in henley & partners' privacy policy, available here.






close




        this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.
    















change language

englishрусский简体中文中文 (繁體)françaisespañoltürkçeالعربيةעבריתportuguêsукраïнськаtiếng việtdeutsch한국어日本語












×





















                    we use cookies to give you the best possible experience. click 'accept all' to proceed as specified, or click 'allow selection' to choose the types of cookies you will accept.
                    for more information, please visit our

                    cookie policy.
                







strictly necessary cookies





functional cookies





performance cookies





targeting cookies






allow selection
accept all











loading...



