

mark guerrero, chicano music


























home 
  page  •  
  sitemap
 • 
about 
  me  •  
  what's 
  new  • 
booking
 • 
contact 
  me







 
 






home page



bio



resume



what's new



my chicano & east l.a. music articles



miscellaneous writings



mark guerrero band



songwriting



mark guerrero recordings



mark guerrero videos



lecture / performance



lalo & mark



mark & the escorts



tango (my '70s band)



selected lyrics



radio & sound bytes



mark guerrero radio



east l.a. music stories



main photo gallery



media



local gig page



related cds



related dvds



related books



related links



60s eastside flyers



60s eastside band cards



60s eastside band photos



record / cd labels, sleeves & covers



lalo guerrero gallery



mark guerrero gallery



mark discography 1



mark discography 2



passages



booking



contact





 


home page
  markguerrero.com  /  markguerrero.net

    this website is dedicated to publicizing and promoting my music, as well as chicano music in general, which doesn't get its share of attention in the mainstream media. in addition to information on me and my music, there is a special emphasis on the music and career of my dad, the late lalo guerrero, and the musical artists who emerged from east los angeles from the 1960s to the 80s, who were part of what has become known as the "eastside sound."
brief bio
    mark guerrero began playing in rock & roll bands at age 12. he led the popular east los angeles band mark & the escorts, who recorded two singles for gnp crescendo records. the first single, "get your baby," has appeared on many compilaition albums and in the 2017 motion picture, "logan lucky." mark has also recorded as a solo artist on both ode records (produced by rock & roll hall of famer lou adler) and capitol records, with his band nineteen eighty four for kapp/mca records, and his band tango, for a&m records. his songs have been recorded by artists such as herb alpert, trini lopez, chan romero, and his late father, lalo guerrero, "known as the father of chicano music." mark has performed in concert with his own bands and with redbone, eric burdon, el chicano, tierra, lalo guerrero, los lobos, the cannibal & the headhunters band, and many others. as a chicano and east l.a. music historian, mark has written over a hundred articles, hosts a podcast ("chicano music chronicles") and a zoom show ("east l.a. music stories"), interviewed hundreds of artists, been a guest on numerous radio and television programs, consulted for museums, and lectured at universities. mark's 1972 song and record, "i'm brown" has been twice on display, in 2009 and 2022, at the grammy museum in an exhibit called "songs of conscience sounds of freedom." see mark's bio and resume for more detailed information.

mark performing with los lobos
                    garfield high school
                    east l.a.
                    november 25, 2023

  




				      photos from mark with los lobos
				      whiskey a go go
				      hollywood, ca
			        november 22, 2023

 


				      mark performing at the grammy museum
				      with little willie g, geree gonzalez, and trio los dados
				      april 13, 2022










                  mark's zoom interview show
                 
   "mark guerrero's east l.a. music stories" is a series with interviews with musical artists who are part of the history of the music that has emerged from east los angeles. there are currently 52 episodes up on youtube, including shows with little willie g, little ray jimenez, chan romero, lawrence perez of the premiers, sal murillo of the blendells, and sal rodriguez of war. featured below is episode 46- jerry salas of el chicano.





 
eps out!
                  

"southwest serenade- a journey through aztlán" (2023)
   a four song ep made up of original compositions of mark guerrero. the theme is the american southwest/aztlán. it's all acoustic instruments: nylon and steel string guitars, charango, upright and acoustic bass, accordion, glass flute, sax, and percussion (congas, bongos, timbales, cajon, indian drum, bells, and chimes). the songs are; "pre-columbian dream (a new version), "san antonio serenade," "sedona, arizona," and "the streets of east l.a." the musicians are sergio villegas (nylon string guitar, charango, and accordion), steve alaniz (sax and glass flute), rick reyes (upright and acoustic bass), dale villavicencio (all percussion).

click here to hear and order the ep
it's available as a download, cd, and vinyl




 
"legacy: mark guerrero sings lalo guerrero" ep (2021)
   mark sings his late father's songs "nunca jamas," "lola," "do you believe in reincarnation," and "los chucos suaves" with the reckless night ensemble, a eight-piece band led by bassist nick ornelas and guitarist skip heller, who transcribed the arrangements off of lalo's original recordings.

click here to hear and order the ep
it's available as a download, cd, and vinyl





 
mark guerrero podcast
                  

   mark's "chicano music chronicles" show is a free audio podcast at podbean.com. mark's interviews with artists such as pat vegas of redbone, trini lopez, lonnie jordan of war, louie perez of los lobos, chris montez, sunny ozuna, chan romero, and many more can be heard, shared, and downloaded. also on the podcast pages is mark's new show "rock doc chronicles," which features shows with legendary folk artist ramblin' jack elliot and british rocker terry reid. click on the podbean icon below to visit the page.






 
mark's featured video
"the streets of east l.a. "
                    words & music by mark guerrero





 
contents of website
                  
    the what's new pages have information about upcoming and recent shows, events, lectures, books, cds and dvds. there are also "what's new" archives. 
   included on my chicano & east l.a. music articles page are articles i've written about chicano and east l.a. musical artists, most based on interviews with the artists. east l.a. artists are bands and singers who originated in east l.a., played the east l.a. "circuit," or were part of the "eastside sound." artists i've spotlighted include yours truly mark guerrero, chan romero, don tosti, el chicano, flaco jimenez, tierra, carmencristina moreno, lalo guerrero, los lobos, cannibal & the headhunters, the premiers, the blendells, little willie g, trini lopez, chris montez, freddy fender, little ray jimenez, hirth martinez, the romancers, tango (my 70s band), los illegals, geri "geree" gonzalez, redbone, rubén funkahuátl guevara / ruben & the jets, malo, ronnie & the casuals, yaqui, dr. loco's rockin' jalapeño band, the sisters, elijah, the mixtures, the village callers, the blazers, the delgado brothers, manny lopez, question mark & the mysterians, mickey & the invaders / dyna-might, and jack d'amore. there are sound bytes of the music of the artists, photo galleries, and sometimes videos below each article.
    the miscellaneous writings page contains stories of many of my recent and past "live" shows and recording sessions. included are stories of my two trips to liverpool, england, where i performed at the legendary cavern club; my musical experiences with artists such as eric burdon, ry cooder, flaco jimenez, redbone, harry nilsson, trini lopez, and others; my performance with my dad in paris, france, and our trip to the white house. also on this page are related book, documentary, and cd reviews i've written, including for a book entitled "land of a thousand dances" in which i'm featured. you can also read about a book on the life of my dad, lalo guerrero, "lalo- my life and music" and liner notes and a bio of my teenage band, mark & the escorts, i wrote for a cd released in 2000, "eastside sound, vol. 2, featuring mark & the escorts" on dionysus records.
    the mark guerrero band page has information on my band, radio aztlán, which i started in 2002 as a vehicle for my original music. we had our first gig, july 20, 2002 at the galaxy theater in santa ana, ca, on the bill with malo and tierra. also read about our appearances at the hop in the city of industry, ca, la placita village in tucson, az, the gene autry museum of western heritage in los angeles, the 2003 latin oldies festival in san bernardino, and the john anson ford theater in hollywood. in 2008, i retired the name and have since performed my original music, with some of my dad's, using the name the mark guerrero band. i use different numbers of musicians based on the venue and show.
    the songwriting page features sound bytes, cover and label scans, and information on my songs that have been recorded by me and other artists.
    the mark guerrero recordings page is where you can hear many of mark's recordings..
    the mark guerrero videos page features selected "live" performances from 1985 to the present. these include my performances at the cavern in liverpool, england, cite de la musique in paris, france, and various highlights from other concerts, television appearances, and studio videos.
    the lecture/performance page is dedicated to information on lectures and lecture/performances i've done at universities, museums, and other venues.
    the lalo & mark page has information on concerts and recordings i did with my dad, the late legendary chicano singer/songwriter, lalo guerrero. it also has a photo and flyer gallery, along with seven pages of videos of performances i did with my father between 1998 and 2000.
    the mark & the escorts page has the history of my 1960s teenage band, which is currently doing occasional reunion shows. our 1965 recording of "get your baby" has become a garage rock classic, having been included on many 60s compilations around the world.
   the tango (my 70s band) page has the history of my 1970s band, which recorded an album and single for a&m records. 
    the selected lyrics page features the lyrics to many of my songs.
    the radio & sound bytes page includes radio shows on which i'm a guest, in addition to other related sound bytes of interest.
    the mark guerrero radio page has episodes of my two different radio podcassts, "chicano music chronicles" and "rock doc chronicles." the shows include interviews with artists about their music and careers. my favorite recordings by each artist are played and discussed. on "chicano music chronicles" my guests include trini lopez, chris montez, chan romero, louie perez of los lobos, lonnie jordan of war, pat vegas of redbone, rene rene, sunny ozuna, fred sanchez and jerry salas of el chicano, rudy salas of tierra, little ray jimenez, little willie g, geri "geree" gonzalez, hirth martinez, los illegals, don tosti, george ochoa of yaqui, steve salas of tierra, george landa of los nawdy dawgs, butch rillera of redbone, gabriel manzo, pc muñoz, jose "dr. loco" cuellar, arty perez of redbone, max uballez, ersi arvizu of the sisters, louie mendez and lorenzo "lencho martinez, pete "last walking bear" depoe, elijah, apb, arcelio garcia of malo, the reckless night ensemble, gil rocha of the silhouettes, carmencristina moreno, managers billy cardenas and art brambila, and an "eastside sound" show with various principals of the eastside sound of the 60s, including richard "scar" lopez of cannibal & the headhunters, george delgado of the premiers, sal murillo of the blendells, max uballez and andy tesso of the romancers, and rudy salas of the salas brothers. also shows with no interview on lalo guerrero and yours truly. on my new "rock doc chronicles" guests include folk legend ramblin' jack elliot, british rocker terry reid, and tim wiedenkeller aka tim weed.
    the east l.a. music stories page has interviews mark did with east l.a. related musical artists including anthony baray of the emeralds, little willie g, little ray jimenez, ruben guadarrama of the blazers, geree gonzalez, bobby navarrete of tierra, larry rendon of thee midnters, lawrence perez of the premiers, sal murillo of the blendells, max uballez of the romancers, chan romero, and jerry salas of el chicano. there are currently 51 episodes.
    the main photo gallery pages have photo images of most of the artists featured on this website, either in articles, my radio show, and artists i've met or worked with throughout the years.
    the media clippings page has newspaper and internet articles pertaining to my career from the mid-60s to the present.
    the local gig page has information on where i'm performing locally around the coachella valley of california where i reside. it also has information on past local gigs.
    i also have related cds, related dvds, and related books pages. you can order cds, dvds, and books on those pages from links to amazon.com.
    my related links pages have links to a multitude of other related websites. included are websites of other musical artists, record companies, television/film/documentaries, community, media, comedy, art, radio shows, and miscellaneous.
    the 60s eastside flyers pages feature scans of flyers of dances and shows from east l.a.'s golden age. the 60s eastside band cards page features scans of band cards and the 60s eastside photos page has photos of many of the bands of the era. the record/cd labels, sleeves & covers pages feature scans of my record and cd labels, sleeves and covers, as well as those of eastside sound and other related artists.
    the lalo guerrero gallery page has miscellaneous photos and other lalo-related images.
    the mark guerrero gallery page likewise has selected photos and images of yours truly.
    the mark guerrero discography 1 features label scans, album and cd covers, and information on recordings on which i'm featured as the recording artist. the mark guerrero discograpy 2 features label scans, album and cd covers, and information on recordings on which i am a guest singer, musician, or the songwriter.
    the passages page pays tribute to chicano and "eastside sound" related artists, as well as others who have contributed to the genre and chicano culture in general, who have passed on.
    the booking page provides contact information regarding the booking of my musical, lecture, and other related services.
    i hope you enjoy my website! if you have any questions or comments, please email me at info@markguerrero.com or by way of the contact page.




 
mark guerrero- palm springs, california





 











 


contact me at: info@markguerrero.com


home  page || bio || 	
	resume || 	what's     new

my     chicano music articles || 
	miscellaneous writings    
	 mark guerrero 
	band ||     
	songwriting ||  
	mark     guerrero recordings
mark guerrero videos || 
	lecture / performance || 	    
	lalo     & mark
mark & the escorts || 	    
	tango (my 70s band) || 
	selected lyrics
radio & misc. sound bytes     ||     
	mark guerrero radio || east l.a. music stories

main photo  gallery     ||  media clippings     ||  
	local gigs
related cds  ||     
	related dvds  || related  books     || 
	related links

60's eastside flyers || 
	60s eastside band cards     || 
	60s eastside photos
record  / cd labels, 
	sleeves & covers
lalo guerrero gallery     || 
	mark guerrero gallery
mark guerrero discography 1 || 	
	mark guerrero discography 2
passages     || 
	booking || 	contact

copyright ©1998- mark guerrero all rights reserved



designed by chris anderson







  
 
 
 
 
 








 






