







canastamusic.com
























































we’re always adding more shows. check back with us soon. 
we’re always adding more shows. check back with us soon to see if we’re playing your town. 
all shows







05.19.2016


let's do this.





04.20.2014


our condolences, chicago sports fans. we realize it’s a tough time to be one. 
the bulls and hawks are both coming off of heartbreaking, post-season losses… 
and despite a few bright spots on the mound / their line-ups, the 
cubs and sox still look to be a long ways away from competing…
and although bears season is just a few months away, they’ve got more defensive questions than they do offensive answers… 
and the chicago fire have to play in bridgeview…
but there is hope.

212 - 0 - 0

that’s canasta’s lifetime concert record against opposing, evil, anti-rock forces… which is to say, we don’t lose... ever.
so anytime you come out to a canasta show, you’re guaranteed to see a win.… more specifically, a rout.
so if these sporting times haven’t been treating you kindly, perhaps it’s time to consider throwing your 
weight behind another local team. not convinced? come on out to the 
mayne stage on 
sat. 5/3 and watch us improve our record to 213 - 0 - 0. i think you’ll see what we mean. 
we’ll be headlining - with the nasty canasty horns in tow - preceded by a pair of handpicked openers: 
elle casazza and 
the flips. come learn for yourself that which we already know: 
winning feels amaaaazing.

and hey, if you’re the kinda person who likes to hold on to his/her dough,
take note that the fine people at do312 are giving away some tickets here. 
so there’s that. but one way or another, i assume we’ll be seeing one another soon, yes?



saturday, may 3rd
@ mayne stage
(chicago, il)
canasta
(plus the nasty canasty horns!)
with
elle casazza
and
the flips
show - 8 pm / canasta - 10 pm
$12 / 18+ / 
facebook / 
tickets
presented by chirp radio








07.12.2013

just a quick reminder that canasta descends upon the 
“taste of chicago” in beautiful 
grant park tomorrow evening (sat.)! 
the show is free and the band - along with the always-lovable canasty horns in tow - plays the 
bud light stage 
(at columbus and balbo, on the south end of the fest) at 5:20pm.
immediately thereafter, local-folks-made-good company of thieves 
will close things out! this marks the “taste’s” first booking of the city’s premiere orchestral pop sextet, 
but folks who haven’t visited the fest in awhile will notice a number of other changes, 
including the following…

- with a look towards the future, all restaurants now serve freeze-dried, astronaut food exclusively.
- although fun has always been a reliable element of the “taste,” for this year’s fest, 
the city has unveiled a “fun.,” 
a strictly-stylized, trademarked version of the concept.
- select, lucky attendees will be secretly chosen to serve as “royal tasters” for the mayor, 
unknowingly testing dishes for poisonous content before they’re served to his highness.
- children under five will not be admitted without a salad or dessert to share.
- patrons are strictly prohibited from wearing aprons and big, white chef’s hats, so as not to 
confuse any food network superfans who might be there star-sighting.
- rick bayless will launch his newest, much “buzzed”-about establishment, 
la fuente del insecto (literally, “insect fountain”), a taco stand next 
to buckingham fountain featuring traditionally rural mexican fare with a modern twist that’s 
centered around dead bugs found in public fountains.
- in the event that the fest reaches its capacity, those turned away are encouraged to visit one of 
chicago’s various other eateries, where one can relax with strangers at a long, communal table made of unfinished wood 
and feast on three tiny, cupcake-shaped burgers, comprised entirely from locally-sourced, grass-fed bacon 
and then wash them down with shots of tequila barrel-aged, craft whiskey.


tomorrow
saturday, july 13th
@ “taste of chicago”
the bud light stage, grant park
(chicago, il)
canasta
with
company of thieves,
paper thick walls,
the steakhouse mints,
vintage blue and
the bergamot
free! / gates - 11 am / show - noon / canasta - 5:20 pm / all ages
presented by the department of cultural affairs and special events







02.05.2013

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part xi: brian palmieri’s top five shows
in no particular order…
wilco and andrew bird @ fifth third bank ballpark

punch brothers and the milk carton kids @ the vic theatre

“xrt holiday concert” featuring band of horses, alabama shakes and everest @ the chicago theatre

m. ward @ the vic theatre

first aid kit @ metro


02.05.2013

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part x: jeremy beckford’s top five albums
5. alabama shakes - boys & girls

4. the sea and cake - runner

3. dirty projectors - swing lo magellan

2. alt-j - an awesome wave

1. calexico - algiers


01.31.2013

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part ix: matt priest’s top ten tv shows
10. treme (hbo)
treme still values mood and music over drama, but as always, its quirky, defiant characters 
band together to create a setting i’m always more than happy to settle into.


9. mad men (amc)
it’s official: the guilty pleasure argument is over. five seasons in, 
mad men is just too damn consistent - from the script and performances to the editing and design 
- to be written off as mere soap opera. and when characters fell prey to familiar, bad habits and 
some of this season’s storylines sagged, the show managed to find new electricity 
in the changing face of the sociopolitical climate and pop culture landscape of 1966 and ’67.


8. louie (fx)
week in and week out, louie struggles fiercely and palpably 
like no other show on television to break free from the confines of the medium.
and with an unprecedented amount of creative control for its creator-producer-director-writer-editor-actor, 
louis ck, it’s hard to come up with another example of a program tapped so directly into its 
protagonist’s id. 
and it’s a messy - but often hilarious - joy to behold. 


7. boardwalk empire (hbo)
this program’s richly-drawn characters, attention to detail and unflinching portrayal of violence manage to make 
the overly-glamorized gangster era feel “lived-in,” which is an accomplishment in and of itself. 
but it’s steve buscemi’s career-defining and seemingly effortless inhabitance of political boss
nucky thompson that makes the show stick.


6. game of thrones (hbo)
the scope of this show remains staggering, as does its ability to deftly juggle an array 
of exotic settings, interwoven storylines and morally complex characters simultaneously. 
to my knowledge, nothing else on television more accurately translates that magical feeling of going to 
the movies from the cinema to our living rooms.


5. justified (fx)
justified is downright masterful when it comes to activating our pleasure centers…
between the mysteries, gunfights, hook-ups and one-liners, the show would likely be a blast even without 
its three best assets: a hero with a boatload of swagger and charisma to burn (timothy olyphant), 
an intellectually worthy and inexplicably likeable foil (walton goggins) and above all, 
a script that absolutely crackles. each and every time the deputy u.s. marshal uses his 
gift of gab to calmly dissuade an enemy from unwisely drawing on him (which happens a lot), 
he is hands-down the coolest cucumber on tv.


4. breaking bad (amc)
although there’s an ever-present sense of dread as walter white 
marches arrogantly and unabashedly towards his own undoing, 
breaking bad manages to keep us mesmerized with a hazy, sun-soaked look, 
hypnotic, off-kilter rhythms and a giddy nihilism all its own. 
like tony soprano, dexter and larry david, walter is a protagonist possessing flaws 
the likes of which we rarely see on television… a character that practically 
dares us to disassociate ourselves from his plight on a weekly basis. a descent 
into darkness has never been so much fun.


3. fringe (fox)
though it had its up and downs in terms of story, 
fringe always managed to strike an equal balance between sci-fi nerdiness and genuine, 
human emotion… and perhaps most impressively, right through to the very end of 
its highly rewarding finale, in a way that even jj abrams’ 
previous masterpiece, lost, wasn’t entirely able to maintain. add to that a powerfully varied 
performance by john noble that served as the heart and soul of the show, along with some of the best production 
values on tv, and geeks finally had another program to watch with pride.


2. homeland (showtime)
despite a few plot contrivances that bordered on ridiculous, homeland has continued to 
maintain a level of suspense from one episode to the next that most shows don’t manage to reach 
in even their best, fleeting moments. built around two intense performances that constantly 
leave us second-guessing our instincts, as well as faith in our heroes, the addictive nature 
of homeland can be a bit frightening. 


1. sherlock (bbc)
in an era when the internet can turn anyone into an instant detective and threatens 
to take the mystery out of everything, it’s all the more impressive that sherlock
manages to resurrect and modernize its main character without sacrificing any of 
the romanticism that made him beloved in the first place. this 
beautifully shot program also benefits greatly from the 90 min. running time of its episodes, 
revealing enough space to explore equally the cleverly designed puzzles as well as the wonderful 
relationship between watson and holmes, one that we sense is just beginning to reveal its complexities. 
sherlock is the best show on television, period.



01.17.2013

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part viii: brian palmieri’s top five personal music discoveries
in no particular order…
white denim

kimbra

father john misty

alt-j

givers


01.17.2013

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part vii: ryan tracy’s top five restaurants
5. blackbird (chicago, il)
how dare i give a michelin-star rated restaurant the 5-spot, right?  
well, i certainly hand it to them, they make a hell of a short rib, make it look real nice, and 
make it taste even better.  however, for anyone that’s seen me hiding out behind the keys on stage, 
i’m a bigger guy and i honestly could have eaten all five courses with 8 well placed bites in about 
45 seconds.  so to you blackbird, i give you a top 5 spot for your great food and skimpy portions.


4. smoque (chicago, il)
if you hear a person from tennessee, st. louis, kentucky, or any state 
ending in “carolina” tell you that chicago doesn’t know bbq, drag them in here. this place was 
fantastic and really is the real deal when it comes to bbq food including fall-off-the-bone meats, 
sauces you could drink by the gallon, and a delicious mesquite smell so good you’ll wish they 
could turn it into a new yankee candle scent.  having eaten “authentic bbq” in all of those aforementioned 
states, trust me, it’s good.  at the end of the meal if your friend is still whining about how it’s 
just not the same as back home, consider getting new friends that aren’t liars.


3. seabreeze cafe & bar (picton, new zealand)
okay, so the restaurant itself isn’t important 
here, what is important is the ingredient--green shell mussels, a local ingredient prized by 
the kiwis.  a simple plate of mussels with butter, garlic and a piece of bread to soak up all 
the juices had me taking pictures of my food and extracting every bit of mussel i could out of 
the shell.


2. greenhouse tavern (cleveland, oh)
in the flavor department, this was the best tasting food 
i had all year.  it’s so good, i almost recommend you make a trip to cleveland just for their 
chicken wings which smell almost as good as they taste.  i fortuitously stopped in during cleveland’s 
restaurant week which allowed me to try four different courses each more delicious than the last.  
somewhere around the 2nd course i realized i was getting full and still had an entree and dessert 
coming.  i stopped right there and had them wrap up the first two courses just so i could make 
room for the entree.  why isn’t it number 1 you ask?  well, unfortunately i had saved up just 
enough money over the last three years to afford…


1. charlie trotter’s (chicago, il)
i admit that most of what was served to me was probably over 
my head from a culinary standpoint, but i walked away from this 10-course, 4 1/2 hour meal like 
i just got done watching a bond movie.  it was action packed full of things i didn’t even know 
you could do to food, and displayed on “plates” in designs i never thought possible.  oh, and 
everything tasted amazing too.  i was sad to see this iconic chicago restaurant close up shop 
forever this year, but was glad i got the chance to visit before it did.  simply amazing.



01.15.2013

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part vi: matt priest’s top ten chicago restaurants
honorable mention:
the bedford, 
due lire vino cucina, 
fork, 
gene’s rooftop beer & wine garden, 
great lake pizza, 
gyu-kaku, 
roots handmade pizza, 
rub bbq co.
10. farmhouse

9. gt fish & oyster 

8. david burke’s primehouse

7. three aces

6. blue star bistro & wine bar

5. ing restaurant

4. pleasant house bakery

3. pizzeria da nella

2. bombay spice and wine

1. xoco


01.09.2013

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part v: jeremy beckford’s top five tv shows
5. homeland (showtime)

4. fringe (fox)

3. the walking dead (amc)

2. game of thrones (hbo)

1. breaking bad (amc)


01.07.2013

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part iv: jeremy beckford’s top five meals
5. piccolo sogno due (chicago, il)

4. mariscos el veneno (chicago, il)

3. twin dragon (niles, il)

2. chilam balam (chicago, il)

1. zed451 (chicago, il)


01.02.2013

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part iii: ryan tracy’s top ten craigslist purchases
10. yamaha mo-6 - $360 (that needed repairs costing an additional $210)
9. 5x multi-head lamps w/ 24 energy efficient bulbs - $35
8. air hockey table w/ automatic scoring - $200
7. rotor lawn mower - $20
6. 3’ x 2’ dry erase board - $1
5. yamaha mo-8 - purchased for $750, sold for 800
4. 8’ professional pool table - $100 
(the only thing keeping this so low was that i had to pay $545 to have a company disassemble, move, and reassemble it)
3. wii system w/ 2 controllers and 10 games - $150
2. 22x board games - 3 different sellers, $45
1. complete pa system w/ 2 mains, 2 monitors, 4 mics and an 8-channel mixer - $400

12.31.2012

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part ii: jeremy beckford’s top five shows
5. dirty projectors @ pitchfork music festival

4. david byrne & st. vincent @ the chicago theatre

3. calexico @ lincoln hall

2. wilco @ the hideout block party & a.v. fest

1. radiohead @ first midwest bank amphitheatre


12.29.2012

canasta counts down the best stuff of 2012
part i: elizabeth lindau’s top eleven food items
11. tosh crackers at the panama airport

10. tequila tasting at chicago gourmet

9. summertime mini burger

8. street food in seoul

7. sea buckthorn juice in mongolia

6. zingermans pie

5. michigan peaches and french toast

4. birthday lobster with my mom

3. drinks at deca

2. fifth anniversary cake, thanks to alexis leverenz

1. beer brewed by jeff leverenz and my dear husband


06.02.2012
on the eve of the our tenth anniversary, canasta graced the cover of the 
chicago sun-times’ “weekend” magazine! inside, was music critic thomas conner’s 
in-depth interview 
with matt and elizabeth, covering the band’s future, present and past, with a focus on 
our perspective-changing trip to mongolia.



05.15.2012

’nuff said. thanks to phineas x. jones for this phenomenal poster… 



04.13.2012

since its release, the fakeout has proven to be the gift that keeps on giving… 
we’re proud to present the music video for “becoming you,” the lead-off 
track and fourth single from that album! it was conceived / directed by 
eduardo cintron and 
filmed at kitchen chicago and foundation content on 12/10/11. 
to stream the song, itself, visit our audio page.


credits
band: canasta
vocals / bass: matt priest
violin / vocals / tambourine: elizabeth lindau
guitar / vocals: jeremy beckford
piano / vocals: ryan tracy
drums: brian palmieri
keyboard / vocals: sarah kneebone
crew
production: deboka films
director: eduardo cintron
producer: tony grossman
director of photography: jay patton
assistant director of photography: joseph delhommer
pa: russell beaver
pa: joel pearish
stylist melissa mazenett
color correction: filmworkers club
colorist: paul galati
studio: foundation content
contact / producer: megan guerrant
talent
man: matt priest
mysterious beings: jeremy beckford, caryn culp anagnostopoulos, jocelyn geboy, 
sarah kneebone, jenny lee, elizabeth lindau, elizabeth malone, karen malone gonzalez, 
ryan neuschafer, brian palmieri, jen priest, chrissie reddington, john saunders and 
ryan tracy


01.25.2012

for immediate release
canasta to tour mongolia as part of u.s. state department performing arts initiative




next month, chicago indie band canasta heads to the hinterlands of 
mongolia as part of the u.s. state 
department’s bureau of educational and cultural affairs’ 
arts envoy program.
 
the tour begins on 
february 3rd in mongolia’s capital city of 
ulaanbaatar and continues on to 
tsetserleg, 
harhorin and 
arvaikheer, 
finishing back in ulaanbaatar on the 12th.
while they’ll play the same set as they would at schubas, metro, or any other venue in the u.s., 
the differences are as vast as the distance between the two countries. rather than packing themselves 
and their gear into two cars, they’ll travel in a multi-truck convoy with the assistance of drivers, 
expeditors, and staff members from the u.s. embassy.
“we were warned to prepare for temperatures in the negative twenties,” said elizabeth lindau, 
canasta’s violinist and vocalist. “figuring out the logistics for a six-person band and our gear 
has been no easy task.  add in mismatched electric currents, airline baggage limitations, and a 
twelve-hour time difference, and it becomes quite a challenge.  we’re honored to receive the 
invitation and thrilled to bring our music to mongolia.”
the tour is sponsored by the u.s. department of state and the u.s. embassy in ulaanbaatar.
the arts envoy program shares the best of the u.s. arts community with the world to foster 
cross-cultural understanding and collaboration and to demonstrate shared values and aspirations. 
american arts professionals, including performing artists, visual artists, poets, playwrights, directors, 
and curators, travel overseas to perform, conduct workshops, and mentor young people. programs seek 
to connect with international audiences that might not otherwise have the opportunity to engage with 
american arts professionals. arts envoy exchanges last from 5 days to 6 weeks and take place worldwide.
in addition to live performances, canasta will conduct classes and seminars for local music students, 
lead jam sessions, and discuss the creative process they use to bring their music to life.
“one of the more interesting things about us is our ‘craftsman-like’ approach — 
combining our music schooling background with our love of pop and rock, and then adding a lot of midwestern 
hard work to craft our songs, rather than a virtuoso technique or inspiration from the muses,” said 
lindau. “i hope we can inspire people to think about their musical heritage and perhaps new ways of 
combining instruments to create a sound that is unique to their country and culture.”
canasta has toured the united states significantly, sharing the stage with wilco, grizzly bear, 
devotchka, clap your hands say yeah, menomena, sloan, kaiser chiefs, white rabbits, and the delgados. 
they even played a set for president obama during his campaign. this is their first tour outside the 
country.
canasta is matt priest (lead vocals, bass, trombone); elizabeth lindau (violin, vocals); jeremy 
beckford (guitar, vocals); brian palmieri (drums); ryan tracy (keyboard, piano, bass, vocals); and sarah kneebone 
(piano, keyboard, vocals).


12.27.2011


behold… the music video for the fakeout’s second single, “magazine (songwriter on a train),” 
created by the students of loyola university’s music video class! 
the clip was conceived / directed by gerard jamroz and filmed throughout 
chicago in november of 2011. to stream the song, itself, visit our audio page.


credits
band: canasta
vocals / bass: matt priest
violin / vocals: elizabeth lindau
guitar / vocals: jeremy beckford
piano / vocals: ryan tracy
drums: brian palmieri
keyboard / vocals: sarah kneebone

crew: loyola university’s music video class
director: gerard jamroz
director of photography: ania bilinska
producer: aaron greer
assistant director: marisa romo
camera operator: george garbis
stylist / make-up: iris gutierrez
art department: lulu chianello
gaffer: reggie dyson
grip: andrew gallivan

talent (in order of appearance)
songwriter: matt priest
businessman: mason dowling
mysterious blond: hannah baker
box office salesperson: gerard jamroz
the watcher: ryan tracy
candy counter salesperson: lulu chianello
would-be assassin #1: elizabeth lindau
waiter: brian palmieri
would-be assassin #2: jeremy beckford
package man: michael alexander sansone
mommy dearest: emily grayson
voodoo lady: sarah kneebone
hotel clerk: joseph alaimo
extras: jeff dunlap, george garbis, iris gutierrez, 
alison hinderliter, adam kneebone, lauren mehok, 
megan moldenhauer, jen priest, mike rubano, 
jay santana, nicole smith & erin updegraff



07.11.2011


this is a music video for “mexico city,” the first single from our latest full-length, 
the fakeout, the tease and the breather. it was conceived / directed by 
eduardo cintron and filmed throughout chicago 
in april and june of 2011. to download the song for free, 
visit our audio page!


credits
band: canasta
vocals / bass: matt priest
violin / vocals: elizabeth lindau
guitar / vocals: jeremy beckford
piano / vocals: ryan tracy
drums / vocals: brian palmieri
keyboard / vocals: angie ma
drums: brian palmieri

crew
director: eduardo cintron
producer: tony grossman
line producer: kipp norman / elephant filmworks
director of photography: kyle bainter
assistant director: eduardo ortiz romeu
assistant director of photography: joseph delhommer
gaffer: spencer rohan
gaffer: silas tyler
grip: mike pisani
grip: tom o’neill
production assistant: jon hamblin
production assistant: tyler kaschke
video assistant: melissa mazenett
art director: reynaldo delgado
art director: arlene isenberg
stylist: mallory sabian
make-up: ashley vest
set carpenter: floyd a davis iv

talent (in order of appearance)
boyfriend: matt priest
girlfriend: delia baseman
boyfriend 2: kipp norman



04.20.2011






poster by phineas x. jones



02.04.2011


we hope your festivities for the end of the year and the ones for this nascent year were as 
great as can be! our year ended real swell, landing our album the fakeout in several 
top 10 lists, including 
chicago tunes, 
too much rock, 
left without my hat 
(english translation), chirp dj andy weber, 
northwestern indiana times, 
the huffington post (!!), 
etc. thank you all so much; we are so proud of our album and are so appreciative of the support!


now this recently extreme weather, however, has led to a roller coaster ride of snow drifts and 
emotions! canasta has been prepping for a zealous midwest mini-tour for february starting, well, 
today! but due to the historical blizzard that has hit the midwest as of last wednesday, we 
unfortunately had to postpone our dearly-anticipated 
daytrotter 
session as well as our show tonight at river music experience 
in iowa. this marks the first show cancellation in the history of the band… 
but canasta ain’t backin’ down, and we still got a lot of shows for the rest of 
the month! check our our shows page for the full 
listing, and tell all your friends around the midwest!


we will be returning to our homeland on february 26th, headlining at the 
old town school of folk music! if you 
guys haven’t ever been, be prepared for one of the most majestic venues in the city, aesthetically 
and acoustically. we are playing with two good friends: 
rego (who are fellow label-mates at rwim and 
are releasing an ep) and sewing pattern (the 
musical project of canasta’s keyboard player, angie ma, who is also releasing an lp). you can buy 
tickets here, 
and all of us band members have a few on hand as well.


other grand news is that canasta was nominated for a run in 
the deli’s best of chicago 
emerging artists of 2010 poll, and we took home 1st place with the popular vote! 
(sadly we did not take home the overall vote, but are honored to land 5th and bow down 
to young man, who took the 
crown). it was a definitely a fun adventure, and we owe all our success to you fans who so 
devotedly took the time to vote! thank you, thank you!!


last but not least, we also do have a new batch of oh-so-stylish t-shirts coming our way, 
designed by our very own drummer, brian palmieri, 
along with his friend and roommate, paul halupka. 
it will definitely be available for our old town show, perhaps earlier…


wish us all the best for safe travels, we absolutely cannot wait to see you at the old town school 
of folk music!


11.28.2010


in all its crisp and scenic splendor, chicago autumns always seem too brief -- 
but this fall flew by exceptionally fast for canasta! our series of weekend, 
midwest tours during september and october kept us on our feet, barely with 
time to notice the leaves changing color, and now there’s hardly any left 
on the trees! but don’t think for a second that  the festivities of this 
season were lost on us! to name a few activities, we were surrounded by over 26,000 
pumpkins, playing highwood’s great pumpkin fest. we played with -- and get our 
butts kicked in table hockey by -- the acorn 
in madison, wi. we got our socks thoroughly knocked off by 
field music at the beat kitchen in chicago, 
raced black prairie to minnesota and back 
to chicago for two consecutive shows, had a blast in new york city at 
cmj, and donned feather boas and the biggest 
glasses we could find, to play as elton john for halloween at the abbey pub. you can 
see it all if you check out our recent photos!


but now that we’ve had a bit of time to catch our breath, we’ve spent time 
strategizing for some great things ahead. what sorts of things? without giving any secrets 
away, there may or may not be plans for a new t-shirt design, new music video, some 
seasonal surprises for our holiday show, a spring tour, and studio time for a small 
release of sorts, etc…


so all in all, you’ll definitely not want to miss what’s in store for the 
next few months, starting with the aforementioned holiday show at 
double door on december 17th, with other rwim 
artists: elsinore, 
rego and 
nathan xander + witchouse! there will be 
much hand holding and ugly sweatering, if we have any say in it. 


in the meantime, we’d better get back to work. we wish you all the merriest of 
holidays and a happy new year!


09.17.2010


this summer has been lovely to canasta, giving us the opportunity to play great 
outdoor festivals such as roscoe village’s burger fest, uptown’s rib fest, 
highwood’s farmer’s market, all with a refreshing 
canasta beer 
to wash it down with. but fall is right around the corner, and canasta’s ready to get this 
show on the road!! starting tonight, we’re buckling in our seat belts and fighting over 
which hall & oates cd to play as we take a tour of the beautiful midwest. we’ll be 
hitting several venues over the next few weeks, and we’d just love it if you were 
there! check out the show listings to your left or our 
shows page for more details.


also, please don’t fret if you haven’t been able to buy any hard copies of our first 
cd, we were set up, at shows. we have recently sold out of our second pressing, and are 
hitting the end of our supplies of the fakeout, our latest cd release. but new batches 
of cds and t-shirts (ooh!) are headed our way. in the mean time, why not purchase a digital 
copy from our many vendors online 
(itunes, 
amazon, 
emusic, 
insound or 
cd baby) or hit up our local vendors 
in chicago (reckless records, 
hard boiled records & video, 
laurie’s planet of sound, 
logan hardware, 
transistor, etc)? our 
retailers 
page has more info as well. so check in real soon with us, especially to 
say hi at the merch table, and to pick up a free canasta pin!


last but not least, we’d like to send our sincerest gratitude and dank ju wel to 
the netherlands, for their incredibly gracious review of the fakeout in heaven, 
their alternative music magazine. we wish more than anything to be able to extend our tour to 
you! for those who prefer to read accolades in dutch or english, check out the review and its translation 
here.


a lot more great canasta news is on the rise, but for now, jack, it’s time to hit the road. 
if you can’t follow us dotingly outside of illinois, no worries, friend -- we’ll 
be back on october 3rd with the deliriously talented 
field music at the 
beat kitchen in chicago! and we’ll be sure to bring souvenirs.


07.15.2010


if you feel like you’re in the middle of a canasta assault, you’re totally on.  
we’ve made it our top priority to bring you pop sweetness to complement your savory 
summer. the last two months have been a whirlwind of activity in the orch-pop canasta 
camp. the fakeout, the tease and the breather was released at 
schubas with two 
jam-packed shows in may.  thanks so much for making the album’s debut a smashing success.  
the fakeout has received heaps of acclaimed reviews, including the likes of 
chicago reader, 
sun-times, 
the onion, 
flavorpill and 
adeqacy.net, 
and we could not be more grateful. if you haven’t gotten your copy 
yet, feel free to order from our merch page, 
itunes, 
amazon, 
emusic, 
insound or 
cd baby. if you’re out and about 
in chicago, you can find it at all reckless records 
locations, hard boiled records & video, 
laurie’s planet of sound, 
logan hardware, 
transistor and many other fine independent 
record stores.

being the pbs dorks we are, we were pretty stoked to make our 
“chicago tonight” 
debut on wttw back in may. phil ponce had a nice little chat with matt 
before the band ran through a drummerless performance of “mexico city.”
check out the clip 
here 
and see if you can spot the canasta cd we slyly planted on the wall 
of artifacts. canasta’s public media jaunt also included an appearance on 
wbez’s 848,
where they played the full-band version of “mexico city”, along with 
“i don’t know where i was going with this.”

it gives us all kinds of warm and fuzzy feelings inside to announce the addition of 
three new most excellent musicians into the canasta fold! fellow chicagoan 
ryan tracy is 
rocking piano, synth, and bass, making his debut back in may when we played with 
clem snide 
in madison. taking us to happyland on piano and synths is the lovely 
angie ma, who made 
her debut this past weekend at the 
“great performers of illinois festival” 
at chicago’s millennium park. bringing a whole new level of thunder on drums is 
brian palmieri, who will 
make his canasta chicago debut on august 20 at lincoln hall 
as canasta plays with elisonore. 
the newbies have definitely brought their a game and are pushing the live show to a whole new 
level. we’d also like to take a moment to recognize and thank our very talented buddy jay 
santana, who has been filling in on drums for the past two months while 
the scotland yard gospel choir take it easy and heal.

in canasta foodie news, (yeah, we loves us some blog seeking food finds), 
our first sandwich is available at 
catering<>chocolate.  
the “canasta” panini is an amazing 
combination of grilled chicken, goat cheese, portobello mushrooms and celery with 
a delectable truffle spread.  we dare you to eat one and not hum “appreciation.”

if you live outside the chicago area and are feeling neglected, dry your tears.  
we’ll be at champaign, il’s canopy club 
on august 14 for the cd release of fellow rwim labelmates 
elsinore. we’re also currently putting together a tour for sometime in september 
and should have more details in the coming weeks. the fakeout awaits you, america. 
stay tuned!!


05.09.2010

download 3 free tracks from the new album and stream the rest!

yep, you read that right. we’re giving away not one, but *three* tracks from canasta’s 
long-awaited new album, the fakeout, the tease 
and the breather. visit our audio page to 
download those free mp3’s, then stream the rest of the album’s eleven tracks below! enjoy…















12.22.2009


in the lifecycle of the canasta website, we feel compelled to update you on our whereabouts 
and goings-on whenever a simon’s show approacheth. and approacheth it does: sunday, january 
3rd at 9pm we return to our second home in andersonville, simon’s, which allows our friends 
to see us for free, us to play lots of songs we don’t usually get to play, and everyone to drink 
as much glögg as we all can without forgetting the words to “no diggity.” if you’ve heard of 
this new thing called facebook, you can tell us if you are a dweeb or a cool kid by rsvping 
here.


if you are internet-stalking us -- and who isn’t, really? -- you’ve had a good couple of months.  
first we threw together this “slow down chicago” 
music video for a chicago public library contest. 
you can even see us in our pjs. (this is what we all look like for 90% of our songwriting retreats, 
fyi.)


we’re also all tweeting now at http://twitter.com/canastamusic, 
which is probably the closest you’re going to get to knowing what we’re doing every 
single day. i know: it’s disappointing that we don’t just have six webcams constantly 
filming everything we do, but we have to keep some of the mystery alive in this relationship 
between band and fan-stalker.

    
and most recently, we were a guest on a new web series, maybe hip, which interviews local bands.  
you can watch our episode here. examples of topics of conversation that 
come up when the six of us are interviewed: how the band formed, how to do the dancing man, and the 
proper appellation for a twister. the peeps over at maybe hip also host 
a blog on which we’ll be popping up soon.

   
we are very close to being able to share lots of exciting news about the new album, but we have to 
wait until some of it is official. check back here or on 
facebook in january for those updates.  
but if you’re a talented internet-stalker, you’ll just know already. how creepy is that?


08.25.2009


last weekend was our last with our dear friend, drummer, and curmudgeonly 
misanthrope josh lava.  by the time you read this, he will be in a van the 
size of an elephant driving to portland, or. we squeezed every last bit of 
rock and perfect pitch out of him by playing back–to–back two hours shows.  
on saturday night we took a band field trip to benton harbor, mi. elizabeth 
has threatened to settle down there and become a real estate magnate, based 
solely on the friendliness of the locals –– which is so much friendliness, 
in fact, that they surrendered their finest microbrewery 
(the livery) to us for the entire evening. 
between a good–sounding, mid–sized venue, a brand new 
arts center (the citadel), and 
the keyclub recording company, we 
wouldn’t be surprised to see a satellite chapter of the chicago music scene pop up 
there. it is also far enough from any hipster neighborhood in chicago that it will 
be years and years and years before it becomes overrun with akira clothing stores 
–– not to name names, wicker park.

we commandeered simon’s in andersonville on sunday for josh’s final show 
and played virtually every song he has learned during his tenure with the band. if 
that isn’t enough, we added a new song 
to our arsenal of non–traditional and heartfelt covers. to be honest, though, 
“no diggity” has been one of canasta’s go–to mic check tunes, so it 
was only a matter of time before the entire thing was unleashed on our unsuspecting audiences.

while we’re auditioning potential drummers, we’ll still have some shows for 
you, the next being on september 29th at the 
clark street concert series 
at lincoln park market. 
and of course, work on the album continues this month with horns, vocals, 
and some guest artists. if you want a more detailed breakdown of all of that, you 
can check in on us on facebook, now that we have a non–confusing/numerical address 
–– it’s www.facebook.com/canastamusic. 
looks like some italian fella got the jump on us for 
www.facebook.com/canasta, but since “canasta” 
was an italian / spanish word before we got our grubby little hands on it, we’re going 
to let that one slide.


06.01.2009

progress on the new album is gaining momentum faster than an illinoisian state 
political scandal. the band laid down the drums, bass, and keyboards during a 
long weekend at wall2wall recording 
earlier in may. there are pictures up on our 
myspace and 
facebook pages 
now to prove that we’re not just sitting in front of an old tascam recorder 
with pots and pans and a used casio keyboard. we did, however, record to a 
reel–to–reel, which is usually described as a warmer sound (like you are listening 
to us in a bubble bath). the tape then gets transferred to the fancy–pants 
computers that can apparently do everything but write out lyrics 
for us, and don’t rule that one out yet, either.


this month we’re working on overdubbing the other instruments with our friend 
ted cho, 
who engineered we were set up and plays in the local stalwart 
poi dog pondering. we’re 
also returning to wbez, where wwsu’s 
piano comes from, to do some damage to our epic piano numbers with their steinway 
grand.


we’ve had time to squeeze in a few shows, including a ywca benefit at the 
the space in evanston and an opening slot 
for merge records’ the rosebuds at a 
brand new downtown venue, lasalle power co., 
which is neither a company or a type of power. (sorry.)  keep up with us here, 
on facebook, or on myspace as we fill our dance card for the summer. our latest 
addition to the calendar is for our madison peeps: we’ll be at the 
high noon saloon on june 30th 
opening for white rabbits, 
which will rock your socks off if you aren’t wearing sandals by that point 
in the summer.


04.13.2009

in less than three weeks, we’re headed to 
wall2wall recording to start tracking 
the new album. it’s hard to believe, but not impossible, so start letting it sink in. 
feels good, right? the band paid a visit to the studio last week to be test subjects 
for a sound engineering class at columbia, so we’ve whetted our appetites for tricked 
out upright pianos, leslie speakers, old–atimey organs, and a plethora of guitar amps. 
elizabeth is bringing extra layers for an isolation booth that is apparently chilly 
and resembles a zoo habitat for urban professionals, if we could in fact keep urban 
professionals in the zoo.
by now you may have surmised that, since these songs are ready to record, they have 
pushed their way into our set rotation. if you made it out to our recent empty bottle 
or schubas shows, you got a preview of what our post–aindustrial rehearsal space has 
inspired us to create. if you haven’t, you can still lay your ears on these songs 
this month. we’ll be playing at 
"green festival" on 
u of c’s campus on april 
24th, and on april 26th we are playing an abundant two hours worth of music at 
simon’s 
in andersonville, which will also include some old favorites from the archives that 
the long–atime canasta fans will recognize.
speaking of old favorites, you can now hear them on your cell phone every time someone 
calls you and you’ve forgotten to set your phone to vibrate. canasta’s free ringtones 
are available for download, absolutely free, at 
our myxer.com page, and will make you a little 
less embarrassed when your phone rings loudly in public areas. who doesn’t want to hear 
“slow down chicago” coming out of your phone? you can also make your own custom 
ringtones at myxer if you are unsatisifed with the selection of tunes we’ve put up there 
for you and your gadgets. but hopefully we’ve satisfied you. we try so hard.

02.10.2009

now that 
president obama 
has started solving every problem in our country, 
canasta has been able to turn our attention back to writing kick–ass new orchestral 
pop to play in 2009. if you would like to hear it, we will actually be playing 
them in public, with our various instruments and voices amplified to a volume at 
which you can hear them. how crazy is that? apparently, lots of bands are doing 
these “shows” now. all you have to do is show up at the right place and time and 
you will be able to hear these new songs. this will happen, for instance, if you 
show up at darkroom on february 11th at 9pm, 
or at schubas on march 29th at 9pm.
“but canasta,” you ask, “where did all of these songs come from?” back in january 
we moved to a secret bunker in the western suburbs of chicago for four days. what 
happened there is secret, but the end results were (a) a broken shower and (b) new 
songs, so we think you can fill the rest in with your imaginations.
other than our progress on new material, the only news of note is that we’ve moved 
into a new rehearsal space, which we’re sharing with our buddies 
brighton, ma (and apparently, to some 
degree, the insanely heavy stoner rock band next door). so that’s putting an interesting – 
and shall we say, louder – spin on the new tunes. it’s also in a creepy, dimly–lit 
warehouse district on chicago’s west side, so don’t be surprised if these songs turn out 
a little darker than the last batch. all i’m saying is i’m just saying.

09.16.2008

when you last read this website, we were saying goodbye to our drummer, colin,
with nary a mention of who would fill his shoes. well, the shoes were
filled, the torch was passed, and not long after colin’s last hurrah, we
started rehearsals with the final addition to the new lineup, josh lava. 
you may recognize josh and his surname from such bands as the lava brothers. 
josh has divulged all of his secrets on his bio page
–– go familiarize yourself with his likes and dislikes so there’s no awkward
small talk at the next show.

speaking of next shows, we’ll be at the new bottom lounge on monday,
october 6th, playing with the autumn defense
(helmed by wilco members john stirratt and patrick sansone). 
despite its name, the bottom lounge has one of the best rooftop patios in the city, has
great sound, and is more the size of a north shore mansion than a lounge. 
it will be just enough space for you and all of your friends and all of
your friends’ friends.

we’ll also be playing at matt’s and elizabeth’s alma mater, kalamazoo college, on tuesday,
september 23rd –– if you’re a student, faculty, or alumni, check out the details here. 
but our day trip to michigan is
only a small sample of the major highway miles we’ll be racking up in
october. canasta will be part of an all–chicago showcase at the cmj music marathon in new
  york, and since we’ll have all of the gear packed up
anyways, we’ll be making some stops along the way. check back here soon
for more details about the tour.

in non–show–related news, we were thrilled to be asked by the obama campaign to provide
a few instrumental mixes from we were set up for their youtube
operation. you can see two of the resultant videos, making use of an instrumental mix of “firenze,” here and here. 
we were holding out for obama to make a cameo appearance in an “impostors” video, 
but we’re hoping he’ll be too busy for music videos come next january.



07.25.2008

it’s an age–old dilemma: during the summer, how do you find time to go to shows when you 
have to go to weddings every weekend? if you went to a wedding at old st. pat’s church 
last weekend, you could’ve strolled over to their world’s largest block party, where we 
played a gigantic, outdoor–sized set with pat monahan of train… yes, that  train. 
but if it’s your own wedding, why not rent out schubas 
and bring in your favorite bands? tomorrow, july 26th, canasta is playing a free show at 
said venue with our 
friends brighton, ma to celebrate two 
of our favorite fans exchanging vows. the show also marks the end of the long and 
venerable tenure of mr. colin sheaff 
as canasta’s drummer. colin has been with canasta since day 1 and will be remembered fondly 
by blowing your rock–loving ears off tomorrow.
if you’ve been looking for summer reading, there’s a lot of newly available canasta–related 
literature. music critic ned raggett just wrote 
a review of we were set up 
for all music, the legendary guide to all things pop and rock, and in today’s papers, you’ll find 
a story on canasta 
by the chicago tribune’s andy downing and an 
interview with the band by the chicago sun–times’ 
jim derogatis. and, if it’s just too hot to read anything, you might catch matt and elizabeth 
on an upcoming episode of chicago’s expose tv, 
hosted by susan russell (when she’s not busy riding this motorcycle). bring your 
laptop or tv to the beach and bone up on your canasta trivia.

07.03.2008

ever dreamt of seeing matthew broderick and alan alda walk in slow–motion 
to a canasta song? well, your dreams have become reality! ifc films is just about to 
release their new movie, 
diminished capacity, 
and about halfway though the trailer, “slow down chicago” comes crashing in! 
most of the story takes place here in chicago, so the song sounds more or less right 
at home. the picture also stars virginia madsen, dylan baker, bobby cannavale and 
louis c.k. and opens in both chicago and nyc on july 4th. check it:

 


 archives






news | about |
			shows | audio |
			video | images
store | press |
            links | contact |
            subscribe








the fakeout, the tease and the breather
              available now!






	“…canasta has been one of my favorite chicago bands for some time now, as well as 
	ranking near the top of my list for the smartest and hardest working groups in town.”
— jim derogatis
full text


	“…you need to hear this band… witty and whip-smart, that's canasta. deft arrangements and intricate polyrhythms 
	are oh, so pretty.”
— chicago tribune
full text


	“…masterful construction of hooky songs… perhaps too polished for the 
	hipster set, or enigmatic with their sporadic release schedule, canasta holds their own against 
	the big craftsmen of pop…”
— epitonic
full text / recording session


	“it has continued to write songs that fill themselves out in all the right places - 
	offering quirky and charming, gritty and mopey succinctly… they’re that good.”
— daytrotter
full text / recording session


	“…a celebrated stalwart of ‘orchestral pop’… 
	intricate, delicate, sometimes deeply emotional pop music.”
— chicago sun-times
full text / cover photo


	“…as versatile a rock band as the city has ever offered.”
— illinois entertainer
full text


	“…deftly balances between being very much 
	of its time and place and carving out something individual at the same time… 
	the whole band has a great ear for performances that complement each other’s work and 
	provides the icing on the cake…”
— ned raggett, allmusic
full text


	“best of chicago 2010… loaded with intricate yet accessible 
	orchestral pop music.”
— huffington post
full text


	“rarely is new music categorized as being both immediately 
	accessible and dizzyingly complex, but [canasta] manage this feat so adroitly at 
	times that it even makes win butler and régine chassagne look like rookies… 
	manages to astound just as much on the first listen as it does on the fifth…”
— adequacy.net
full text


	“this stuff is almost prog-rock in its scope and ambition, hurtling along on a sea of 
	dense instrumentation and atypical rock instruments… we love canasta, and don’t 
	see how anybody wouldn’t.”
— chicago tribune
full text


	“kitchen-sink indie par excellence, canasta has a way with cacophony that is often as 
	tuneful and melodic as it is bursting with ideas…”
— time out chicago
full text


	“…sounds so 
	unbelievably good that no major label could improve it… this may seem like an 
	exaggeration, but believe me, indiepop has seldom sounded so pretty as it does 
	on this second album…”
— heaven (the netherlands)
full text 

	“winner: best of chicago 2010 fans’ poll”
— the deli
full text


	“…the fakeout, the tease and the breather is one of the best chicago 
	albums of the year.”
— metromix / redeye
full text 

	“the orchestrated pop on this local sextet’s new full-length 
	is so perfect—every note falling 
    into place with deeply satisfying craftsmanship—that you’ll swear you’ve heard 
    it before. but you haven’t…”
— m. kendrick, chicago reader
full text


	“the tone is set for an album of open-air chamber pop that sounds like it wants to go 
	haywire (and become a mess) but has been expertly subdued and shaped and is thus sublime… 
	pop rarely sounds this warm and natural when it’s this intricately composed.”
— chicago sun-times
full text


	“chicago’s premier orchestral indie pop outfit…
	the lengthy break between this and their intriguing 2005 debut, we were set up, 
	allowed the band’s already dynamic sound to blossom further… 
	melody that soaks deep into your skin before you know what happened…
	strikingly gorgeous songs…”
— ign
full text


	“at the start of canasta’s new album, you can almost feel storm 
	clouds parting for the 11 sunny, rollicking songs that lay ahead. for nearly 
	a decade, the local chamber-pop group has managed to retain its ambition and 
	melodic optimism, without ever coming across as winking…”
— the onion
full text / 
	  cover photo 

	“…this is not a case of local overhype… a detailed and sophisticated 
	body of songs… you will be wondering just like me: how is it possible 
	that these guys haven’t got a major contract yet?”
— pop+rock (greece)
full text 

	“the fakeout, the tease and the breather is an example of a band 
	working at the height of their powers… the lyrics are haunting, the melodies 
	gorgeous, and the instrumental performances by everyone involved are powerful 
	and evocative…”
— music. defined.
full text


	“…they display both an ambition and a 
	sense of range that any number of early 21st century american groups described 
	in similar terms would be wise to follow… subtle… mesmerizing… stunning…”
— allmusic
full text


	“…canasta’s strength has been mixing genres, ever so slightly, to keep it 
	unpredictable… the band’s impressive orchestral pop, which really could catch on at 
	any moment in a big, big way, will not cease in its power – listening again for the first 
	time in a long while, i can’t believe i was able to put it down in the 
	first place.”
— new city
full text


	“canasta has slowly made a name for itself in recent years, 
	thanks to its inventive arrangements… (the band) has separated 
	itself by layering its sounds while retaining remarkable catchiness…
	canasta looks primed for a considerable breakthrough.”
— npr’s “world cafe”
full text


	“chicago’s canasta play a rich and usually satisfyingly lush brand of orchestral pop… impressively diverse… rapturous…”
— popmatters
full text
 all clips







