


hope despite the times




















    
	hope despite the times
	
  
life is either a daring adventure or it is nothing. -helen adams keller





monday, august 31, 2009




	 instead of pharmacology enhancing psychology, psychology is enhancing placebos
	 



the pharmacy industry is investing heavily to develop new psych drugs.  at the same time, it is investing heavily to promote and advertise old psych drugs.  placebos are becoming stronger, perhaps because big pharma is convincing us that drugs can cure anything.



posted by m at 4:41 pm






friday, august 14, 2009




	 joel on software articles worth reading
	 



i've started boning up on software engineering and programming leadership reading.  as i find articles worth reading, i'll post them here.software engineering methods everyone should usewhy a solid cs grounding mattersmaking wrong code look wrongevidence based schedulingwhat a program manager actually doesall abstractions leaklabels: software engineering



posted by m at 3:10 pm






wednesday, august 12, 2009



	 
	 apocalyptic visions and crotch kittens
	 
    


one link to scare you and make you think, with lots of  interesting explanations of the end of the world as we know it (or at least the us).one link to make you laugh, as science teaches us how to attract women's attention through the careful placement of a kitten.



posted by m at 12:05 pm






tuesday, february 24, 2009




	 roombas of doom
	 



samantha bee interviews irobot ceo colin angle. the daily show with jon stewartm - th 11p / 10cfuture shock - roombas of doomdaily show full episodeswatch to the end for a terrifying view into the future of robotics...



posted by m at 9:40 pm






friday, january 16, 2009




	 robots.net - japan's most pointless robot
	 



is there anything more pointless than the most pointless robots in japan?  also, i've got to visit japan one day, before they hit the singularity...



posted by m at 9:12 pm






sunday, december 28, 2008




	 real life super-hero wannabes
	 



people are actually dressing up in costumes and fighting crime (found here).  this makes me think of the brilliant mystery men.



posted by m at 11:24 am






saturday, december 27, 2008



	 
	 how to export gmail contact phone numbers to t-mobile contacts
	 
    


on my first try, exporting my contacts as csv or vcf to the t-mobile contacts didn't quite work.   it imported the names, home numbers, and home emails.  after mucking with the vcf file some and reading the vcf standard for telephone numbers, i was able to get it to work.this is how to do it properly:in gmail, go to the contacts link on the left, then the export link on the upper right of the box.export a group of contacts (i made a new group for my wife's contacts) as the vcard format (this is a .vcf file).open the .vcf file in an editor.replace type=cell with type=cell,pref,voice,home on all cell numbers.  this allowed t-mobile to parse the numbers as "personal mobile" numbersreplace email;type=internet with email;type=internet;type=home for all home emails, to t-mobile would parse them as "personal emails".save the .vcf filein my.t-mobile.com, choose contacts, then import contacts from another address bookon the next page ("get contacts from other address books"), choose "vcf file" and then browse to find your .vcf file you edited.click "upload and preview", glance over the data to make sure it all looks good, then click "add selected contacts to my address book".on the phone, i went to settings > synchronization > sync now, although i'm sure if i waited it would have worked.this is on my wife's samsung t-339.  on my new android phone, i didn't need to do anything except add phone numbers i hadn't copied into my gmail contacts.  it just worked and i had my gmail address book including phone numbers auto-magically within 5 minutes of powering the phone on for the first time.  more impressive, this was about 2 days before i actually signed up for phone service.



posted by m at 8:21 pm






thursday, august 28, 2008




	 i have seen the future, and it's ubiquitous
	 



ps.  oh yeah, i have a blog!



posted by m at 11:06 pm






saturday, april 05, 2008



	 
	 a few places i've been lately
	 
    


lake tahoe disneylandtable mountain, south africacape town, south africacape of good hope and penguinsstellenboschblyde river canyongomo gomomore to come...



posted by m at 6:05 am






tuesday, july 31, 2007



	 
	 you might be in sillycon valley, pt i
	 
    


you might be in sillycon valley when you're on the light rail, with your bike, on your way to your high tech job, checking your e-mail and posting to your blog, all while sitting across from a guy with a segway on the train.labels: life, sillycon-valley



posted by m at 9:04 am






monday, july 30, 2007




	 we don't need no stinking badgers
	 



sometimes the blog posts just write themselves.  i quote the nytimes: "many residents of basra have convinced themselves that the british army has loosed savage cattle-eating badgers onto its unsuspecting populace as a final gesture of ill intent."  i quote the british military spokeman: “of course we categorically deny that we have released badgers into basra."  i have nothing to add.



posted by m at 10:35 pm






saturday, july 28, 2007



	 
	 and in other news, robots are cool.
	 
    


this guy has hypnotic and fascinating wind-powered walking robots:glumbert.com - kinetic sculpturethis aaai '07 video pretty much mirrors my experience with grace.  i didn't use profanity in my very public appearance, but the nytimes did report i was arguing with the robot.labels: funny, robots



posted by m at 7:07 pm









	 
	 brave new world
	 
    


nothing much going on here.  since my last post, we've:finished residency and grad school.taken a three week vacation in tahoe and the pacific northwest.packed and moved out of a spare bedroom, an apartment, and a storage facility into an apartment and two storage facilities. [1]started new jobs at interesting places.entered into contract on a house.so pretty much business as usual, in other words.[1] s would like to note we're not sleeping in either storage facility, as that's illegal, as is storing dead bodies.labels: life



posted by m at 6:58 pm






tuesday, may 01, 2007




	 symphony of construction
	 



continuing on with the musical theme, check out maestro woody phillips leading a symphony of wood-working tools, playing a classical piece by bizet:ps.  life proceeds apace.  theoretically, i'm in the middle of a month trip to austin, but i have two flights back to san jose for jobs in that span. s just accepted a position in the south bay, so that narrows my job search.  everything's still up in the air, but i have some good leads.labels: career, life, music



posted by m at 9:33 am






tuesday, april 10, 2007




	 beauty squandered is a sin
	 



most buskers aren't world-class musicians like this guy playing a stradivarius in a dc metro station.  but i've heard some pretty good ones on bart, the metro, and other various subways and common spaces. i hope i would have stopped to listen to josh bell, who performed the music in the red violin.  usually i listen a bit to  buskers, just because i can't help but listen to background music and read odd bits of text.   other times, i'm the guy in a hurry or listening to my ipod or just plain oblivious.i'm vowing to give to the street performers whose music i enjoy.  (image from flickr of an unrelated musician.)



posted by m at 1:43 pm











about me

name:  m 
location:  san josé, ca, united states 
view my complete profile

links



previous posts

instead of pharmacology enhancing psychology, psyc...
joel on software articles worth reading
apocalyptic visions and crotch kittens
roombas of doom
robots.net - japan's most pointless robot
real life super-hero wannabes
how to export gmail contact phone numbers to t-mob...
i have seen the future, and it's ubiquitous
a few places i've been lately
you might be in sillycon valley, pt i

archives

june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
december 2005
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
april 2007
may 2007
july 2007
april 2008
august 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
august 2009







 



















