holiday vacationsrequest a catalogemail sign-upguest portalcareers1-888-867-2190m–f 8am–5pm ctbook nowdestinationsalaskaaustralia & the pacificcanadacentral & south americacontinental united stateseuropeafrica & the middle easthawaiiview all destinationsfind a tourfeaturednew toursguest pickstour stylecruiseraillandmidwest motorcoachseriesgrand adventurediscovery seriescelebration seriesagriculture seriessmall groupactivity levelrelaxingleisurelymoderateactivevery activeview all tourswhy holiday vacationsthe holiday advantageholiday travelers clubtestimonialsresourcesguest portalholiday traveler mobile appgeneral informationfrequently asked questionstravel planning hubtravel protectionspecial offerswatch a travel showgroup travelrefer a friendview last minute travel dealsbook nowsearchmenuwhere will your next adventure take you?find a hosted tourjoin your favorite host for an unforgettable adventure! enter their keyword below to discover available tours.uncover the heart of ireland and scotlanddiscover the magic of scotland and ireland, where breathtaking landscapes meet centuries of history and vibrant traditions. explore rugged highlands, ancient castles, and charming villages steeped in folklore. from serene lochs to dramatic coastal cliffs, every moment is an unforgettable adventure.explore scotland & ireland toursexplore canada’s tundradiscover the ultimate arctic adventure in canada’s breathtaking wilderness! begin in winnipeg with a guided city tour and museum visit, then head to churchill, the polar bear and beluga whale capital. enjoy thrilling wildlife excursions, heritage landmarks, and tundra exploration for an unforgettable experience.discover the canadian arctichow do you like to travel?new in 2025see all new tourssee all new toursthe holiday advantageairfare includedlow risk, refundable depositpremier attractionsprofessional tour directorsexceptional accommodationscomplimentary baggage handlingmore about the holiday advantagetestimonialsread more testimonialsthe rhine river cruise - amsterdam to switzerland was a dream vacation. the long boat, amadeus cara, was nothing like i anticipated, it was so much more! the crew was always on the top of their game, the food was superb, and as you can see the rooms were wonderful. wall to wall windows gave unobstructed views. unbelievable showers (on a boat? yes). the graceful atmosphere enhanced the outstanding itinerary of each and every day. i’d go again in a heartbeat.barbara j. read more testimonialshaving just returned from our 7th holiday vacations trip, we are already getting ready for our upcoming 8th. holiday vacations continues to exceed our expectations in every way with friendly helpful guides, accommodations, terrific fellow travelers, and the best destinations. each time we return home, we are filled with great memories and have wonderful new friends.jay & terry a.read more testimonialsthis was my first trip with holiday vacations and it was really first-rate. everything was wonderful – the food, the scenery, the guides, and the people in our group. our tour director, melissa, told us where and when we needed to be somewhere, and i just got to sit back and relax. that’s how i like to travel!anna maria f.contact usinfo@holidayvacations.comcall 1-888-867-2190monday–friday: 8am–5pm ctget inspiredonline travel showsrequest a catalogsubscribe to enewssupportfrequently asked questionstravel protectiontravel advisorsdo not sell or share my informationcompanygeneral informationterms & conditionsprivacy policiesprivacy portaldata requestcareers© 2025 holiday vacations, all rights reserved