



redbud audubon society | lake county, ca











































redbud audubon society


lake county, ca



skip to content
home
program and events

programs and speakers 2024-2025
field trips 2024 – 2025
christmas bird count 2024

christmas bird count 2023

christmas bird count 2022




heron days


conservation

bluebird trail
conservation – fishing line project
grebe conservation project 2010-2020
osprey pole and interpretive panels


birding

ethical birding guidelines
birds of lake county

photo gallery of lake county birds


where to bird in lake county
wildlife viewing in northern california
lake county tourist attractions and accomodations


newsletter
membership
contact us

redbud audubon board & leadership 2024-2025


donate today!
 






welcome to redbud audubon


grebe baby on mother’s back
grebe tangled in fishing line
learn more about “amazing dancing grebes”!

learn more about  the fishing line recycle bins!

about redbud audubon
the redbud audubon society was founded in 1974 by a group of conservation minded lake county citizens. we are a nonprofit california corporation and operate under the umbrella of the national audubon society, one of the biggest and most successful conservation organizations in the nation. when you join national audubon society, you receive the national audubon society magazine and our monthly newsletter, the western grebe, which describes local programs and field trips and provides other conservation news. your dues and donations help fund our organization’s local programs.
redbud audubon presents programs every third thursday from september through april. the programs start at 7 p.m. and are a mixture of in-person and zoom. the public is warmly invited to all redbud programs that feature interesting guest presenters. redbud audubon holds field trips on a monthly or bi-monthly basis. trips will be announced in the newsletter, on the website or through email blasts to members that have given us their emails. the society is inactive from june through august.
each december, redbud audubon participates in the annual christmas bird count. information on the previous year’s cbc can be found here.
heron days, sponsored by redbud audubon, has been a popular event held in the spring when weather and water levels permit.
since 2010, redbud audubon society has focused on the conservation of grebes at clear lake, which supports one of the largest breeding populations of grebes in california.
please join us by becoming a member!
and, please consider a donation to support our local chapter 
your donation will help us with our educational and outreach programs.

 








february 2025 
speakers
and topics
for 2024-25
 
thursday
february 20, 2025




status and conservation
of the purple martin in ca
presented by:
wildlife biologist dan airola



zoom registration link



 
february 22
reclamation area
 

 

the western grebe
newsletter 
february 2025
in this issue:

president's message
birds and nesting habits
cbc final counts
legislative help needed

 

 
 
 



 







heron days 


 



 




gallery of
lake county birds
  
 





visit us on facebook!
 




					redbud audubon society				


proudly powered by wordpress.










copyright © 2015 · all rights reserved · redbud audubon society

