














home - peshtigo times

























      wednesday, february 19, 2025    



 




			31 °
		

			mostly cloudy		

				forecast
			












                search              



                advertise              



                contact us              



                subscribe              










 




			31 °
		

			mostly cloudy		

				forecast
			























advanced search













toggle navigation




main menu






home






                      news                                          








                      sports                                          








                      perspectives                                          








                      obituaries                                          








                      classifieds                       







place an ad


view the ads



place an ad


view the ads





                      e-edition                                          








                      legals                       







our legals


statewide legals



our legals


statewide legals





                      packerland                                          








                      calendar                       







submit an event



submit an event

































 
						wisconsin primary includes three-way race for state education superintendent					
 
					northeast wis. – the feb. 18 wisconsin primary includes one statewide contest for state superintendent of education and local town board elections in the town of stephenson in marinette county  …				






 
						gov. evers’ budget bill exempts pfas from reins act					
 
					marinette – a perceived lack of action on wisconsin groundwater drinking water standards has energized gov. tony evers to try a new tactic at getting pfas regulations passed and implemented  …				







 
						mountain town board feb. 18 primary candidates prioritize tourism					
 
					mountain – in the town of mountain, located on hwy 64 in oconto county, brenda carey-mielke and tom huff are campaigning for town board chair on change and growth, while current town board  …				







 
						‘dancing with our hometown stars’ raises money for local charities					
 
					peshtigo – local couples are currently preparing to dance the night away on feb. 22 at embers 1871 of peshtigo as part of the ‘dancing with our hometown stars’ event to raise money  …				




 























						news					







sponsored by:
















							fourth wall films begins production on “peshtigo: american firestorm”						


						peshtigo – in an effort to highlight the widely-forgotten history of the 1871 peshtigo fires that killed hundreds and burned thousands of acres, fourth wall films has partnered with wisconsin  …					







								surgery center’s goal is prevention							


							green bay – despite its name, the orthopedic surgery center of green bay often helps patients avoid  …						




								menominee county isd educators concerned about absenteeism see cte as solution							


							menominee, mich. – as menominee county schools contend with an absenteeism rate approaching 20%,  …						




								marinette county plugs into ev charging at 3 convenience locations							


							marinette – three convenience-store locations in marinette county are gearing up for electric-vehicle  …						




								menominee county roads nab $3.5 million federal grant							


							menominee, mich. – the road improvement projects the menominee county road commission oversaw during  …						








								oconto united school district students perform with all-state band							


							oconto – in an effort to bring together students from different schools, the wisconsin concert  …						




								building people’s interest in history							


							green bay – although the civil war ended more than 150 years ago, its legacy continues to shape  …						




								academic slippage during covid due to changed learning environment							


							northeast wis. – the dip in academic performance many school districts in northeast wisconsin  …						




								crivitz prepares for us 141 lane reductions and railroad crossing changes							


							marinette – the main highway in crivitz will be resurfaced and reconfigured this summer with  …						






				more news				


 



































						sports					







sponsored by:










 
						blue devils outlast the maroons					
 
					in a non-conference clash in oconto on thursday, feb. 13, the blue devils outlasted the maroons for a 52-42 victory, their second win in a row following a 53-48 final against algoma on tuesday.				






 
						marines keep the win streak alive					
 
					the marines extend their win streak to 12 with a 60-49 victory over denmark on tuesday, feb. 11. view some photos from their match up!				







 
						robots and their makers compete in peshtigo on saturday					
 
					peshtigo – robots will be making their way through mazes and battling at peshtigo middle/high school on saturday, feb. 1 for the fourth annual robot rodeo. 

 the event is open to the public  …				







 
						cavaliers and wildcats collide in m&o conference play					
 
					the staa cavaliers took down the lena wildcats 51-40 on friday, jan. 24.				







 
						panthers fall to the foxes in north eastern conference play					
 
					view the photo gallery from the panthers 79-47 defeat against north eastern conference opponent fox valley lutheran.				





			more sports			



 




packerland






packers of the past: ahman green
green bay – from the time he joined the packers in 2000 through the end of the 2004 season, no one in the nfl gained more yards from scrimmage or rushed for more yards than green bay’s  …








green bay organizations gear up for 2025 draft
green bay – plans are starting to emanate from local organizations preparing for the nfl draft to be held in green bay in april. 

 on broadway, inc., downtown green bay, inc. and the city of  …








former packers pr director dead at 82
green bay -- green bay packers former director of public relations chuck lane died jan. 19 at 82. 

 lane worked under packers former head coach vince lombardi. 

 “lane also was heavily  …








if you are renting for the nfl draft, do it the right way
green bay – are you renting out your house or plan on parking cars for the nfl draft? 

 “do things the correct way” is the message michael friedman from simple life hospitality  …





			more packerland			



 















						videos					












to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video


blue devils and maroons game highlight
watch two of the plays from the blue devils victory over the maroons as menominee's ella barker drains a three-pointer and oconto takes advantage of a wild possession.

 








to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video


post-game interview: oconto head coach justin daul
listen as oconto head coach justin daul talks about his team’s win against menominee on thursday, feb. 13.

 








to view this video please enable javascript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports html5 video


post-game interview: lena head coach tim goldschmidt
hear from lena head coach tim goldschmidt after their 69-8 win over wausaukee on thursday, feb. 13 in wausaukee.



			more video			


 







						special sections					


















































						obits					








obituaries






						anthony miller					


					anthony “tony” mark miller, age 41, formerly of coleman, died in ascheberg, germany on january 18, 2025 as a result of an accident. he was born on september 22, 1983 to delue t. and  …				








						linda tanguay					


					linda marie tanguay, 77, of peshtigo, passed away february 5, 2025. she was born january 9, 1948 daughter of the late clarence and fae (lehman) seefeldt. 

 linda retired from working at the oconto  …				





						ellen filpula					


					ellen e filpula, of iron river, mi passed away at aspirus langlade hospital, in antigo on february 6, 2025. thielen funeral home is assisting the family.				





			more obituaries			








find us on facebook

facebook










						social media					








find us on instagram






find us on tiktok












your local news: online daily, weekly in print!








                  101 french st. po box 187 peshtigo, wi 54157
phone: 1-715-582-4541
fax: 1-715-582-4662
editorial: peshtigoedit@mmclocal.comadvertising: peshtigoads@mmclocal.comobituaries: peshtigoobits@mmclocal.comevent calendar: peshtigotimescalendar@mmclocal.com 
 




        310 west walnut st. 
        fourth floor 
        green bay, wi 54303 
715-258-3207




sections


            news          


            sports          


            perspectives          


            obituaries          


            classifieds          


            e-edition          


            legals          


            packerland          


            calendar          




helpful links


              about us            


              advertise            


              contact us            


              change of address            


              delivery issues            


              vacation stop            


              privacy policy            


              terms of service            




our other local newspapers

kewaunee county star-news
press times










        © copyright 2025 peshtigo times      

powered by creative circle media solutions








 



