



the tole

































new english version


new chinese version (新中文版)


new bahasa malaysia version














the tole neuro acupuncture and herbal medicine centre
            -------------------------------
"fourth-generation chinese medicine ancestral formula" 








- wiki tole -



abdominal pain (lower) in women 



aspergers syndrome



autism and brain related



brain



brain memory and forgetfulness



brain-special kids 



the tole's chinese herbal medicine 



herbal medicine 



hydrocephalus 



hyperactive behaviour special kids 



knee injuries 



menopause (man) - androgen deficiency and padam 



menopause (women) 



menstruation (heavy    periods/painful) 



neck pain 



 stress 



women beauty 



women period pain 












home
|
alternative medicine
|
contact us
 





dato master tole dstm
 (the fourth generation acupuncturist and chinese physician)


founder of the tole acupuncture- herbal medical center sdn bhd.(1992) 
master neuro acupuncturist and chinese physician. 
founder of the tole institute of neuro acupuncture treatment and herbal medicine (1992) that now has 145 years of practice and research inherited in the tole's way of medication. 



awarded the world's first class acupuncturist and chinese physician by china suzhou neuro acupuncture association affiliated to china beijing association of neuro acupuncture and chinese physicians. 






dato mastertole dstm
 (the fourth generation acupuncturist and chinese physician) comes from a long line of family chinese medical practitioners. four generations, more than 140 years of practicing in kuala lumpur china town, his family passes on to the master all the family's discipline of studies. groomed by his father and uncle from an early age, he is considered by many to be gifted in this field. some say, it's in his blood others says "dalam tulang dia". as his reputation grew people from all over the world sought his gifted treatment. 
in 1992, two representatives from suzhou neuro neuro acupuncture institute and association, a subsidiary of beijing international neuro acupuncture association, visited malaysia to observe and identify the standard of practitioners. during their visit, they were astonished at the neuro acupuncture skill and in-depth knowledge of the medical discipline.
 impressive in-depth explanations of the formation of some special diseases and its theory of eliminating those unusual sickness were demonstrated. mr. chou yang, the secretary of suzhou neuro acupuncture institute and association says: some of the astrological and timing applications of neuro acupuncture and medication have been forgotten by most of china's neuro acupuncture practitioners . 
the team's objective was to compare and collect information on the practice of neuro acupuncture and herbal medicine which originated from china, (which is still in practice) and realized that dato mastertole dstm
 is one of the few that acquired such skills at the highest level attainable. 
mr. chou yang exclaimed that like all the ancient superb swordsman, precious swords were bestowed upon the warriors of excellent merit. so dato mastertole dstm
, like the ancient swordsman but in the modern world of medicine, has gained such recognition. the two representatives then proceeded to present the set of green bronze antique needles reputed to be artifacts dating back to the han dynasty (2,500 years ago) as the honorable merit award for recognizing his skills as a "first class world physician" . 
 this is the first time china given such award to a physician in south-east asia.  




 




sending of herbal medicine is available to all countries. 




 




please feel free to contact or email us for further details at : 


the tole acupuncture & herbal medical centre sdn bhd. 
 lot 2.01, 2nd floor, 
        medical specialist floor, 
       menara kh (menara promet), 
        jalan sultan ismail, 50250 kuala lumpur. 
        malaysia 

tel no : 603-21418370 / 603-21451671 
          whatsapp (only): 6012-7688284 



 


orderherbs@thetole.org 


 


orderherbs2@thetole.org


 


ask master's assistant 


 


enquiry form 


 


 







sending of herbs and herbal medicine are available to all countries. procedure:-


intensive herbal  and sending of herbal medicine are available to all countries. procedure:- 
1. e-mail to us with all your medical reports , 
                        2. then we will advise you on the herbal preparation and or come for the intensive neuro acupuncture, 
                        3. after we have your total conditions picture then you can bank in the money and then we will courier the medicine herbs to you. 
                        it will takes about 3 to 5 working days. 
then we can guide you from here with e-mail, you have to update us on your progress. 
please use online transfer 
bank name : ambank (m) berhad .
                        bank account name : the tole acupuncture-herbal medical centre sdn bhd
* please email to us request for more details.
 




 







herbal medicine order by email 







orderherbs@thetole.org


or 


orderherbs2@thetole.org






 
















 
 


 






 
 


 

  





 
 


 

   





 
share us with your friends.


 
they may need our assistance!




 


the tole officially opened by our health minister.
- alternative centre








the above picture is taken during the new medical centre opening ceremony by our health minister yab dato. lee kim sai in 1993 january 31st. 








 






contact us 


the tole 
acupuncture-herbal medical 
                        centre sdn bhd 
lot 2.01, 2nd floor,  medical specialist floor, menara kh (menara promet), jalan sultan ismail, 50250 kuala lumpur 
tel: 603-21418370 
                          603-21451671 
whatsapp (only): 6012-7688284
* e-mail consultation with master and assistant. 
                          ask  by e-mail 


tole88@gmail.com


or 


orderherbs@thetole.org 


or 


orderherbs2@thetole.org








 




accommodation



condominium


view more 


 






 


ask master's assistant




 









 copyright by the tole neuro acupuncture and herbal herbs medical centre sdn bhd of alternative neuro acupuncture and herbal herbs alternative medicine 





