





tscg - full service commercial real estate investment & advisory







































































skip to content








tscg logo













contact us










menu




properties





properties




overview
view all info about properties






property search
search through our listing of 800+ retail properties






featured projects
see what projects are up and coming with tscg










exclusive assets
opportunities along the east coast
strategic locations to drive business growth
learn more










what we do





services




overview
view all tscg services






tenant
strategic location, brokerage, construction






landlord
leasing & sales, property management, construction, investment sales






intelligence
advanced analytics, digital mapping, data-driven insights






investment management
strategic portfolio advisory management, transaction, reporting






learn more 








celebrating
40+ years in business
strategic portfolio advisory, transaction, and management services
read









offices



team




about





about us




about us
view all about tscg






our history
learn about our 40+ years of history






careers
view all career opportunities










our culture
driven by passion and purpose
innovative solutions built on integrity and collaboration
read









news



contact us













retail real estate advisory services at tscg

















 

 

 

retail space reimagined



tscg helps clients navigate today’s evolving retail landscape.











 

 

 











01
what we do

tenant, landlord, and intelligence services; plus investment management. 







02
locations

from new york to miami.







03
40th anniversary

40 years of breaking retail boundaries.





















    we are  


 

 

 





with a passion for great shopping experiences, tscg helps companies big and small make the right decisions for long-term success. our experts in leasing, sales, property management, investments, and advanced analytics help clients address their real estate needs from new york to miami.








        learn more
        
      



 






























we work with tenants, landlords, developers, investors, lenders, and institutional investors to deliver strategic real estate solutions that drive success. our commitment to excellence and innovation ensures we exceed expectations in an ever-evolving marketplace. 



                  learn more                






 










explore tscg










 

 

 
















 





tenant services







from site selection to lease negotiations and construction management, tscg’s tenant services provides clients with solutions to all of their real estate challenges.





        learn more
                  








 

 

 
















 





landlord services







from leasing to property management and disposition, tscg’s landlord services offers landlords and developers a comprehensive suite of services to maximize their real estate portfolio returns.





        learn more
                  








 

 

 
















 





intelligence services







using state-of-the-art gis technology and proprietary algorithms, tscg intelligence delivers advanced analytics and precise mapping to support decision-making.





        learn more
                  








 

 

 
















 





investment management







from acquisitions to portfolio management and reporting as a vertically-integrated company, tscg investors has the tools to maximize the return on retail real estate investments. as an investment management platform, we have deployed over $2.2 billion in various market cycles.





        learn more
                  








 

 

 










tscg by the numbers






 20

offices





 560
              +            
exclusive tenant relationships





 61
              m+            
sq ft leasing portfolio

















40
celebrating 40 years of excellence, tscg has been a trusted partner, delivering innovative real estate solutions and fostering long-term client success since 1984.






dedicated to delivering results
from day-to-day management to oversight and reporting, our property management division has got you covered.


          learn more        











depth of expertise & commitment
our team spans across 20 offices, all dedicated to helping our clients achieve long-term success.


            view team            












turn-key retail solutions
with nearly a century of experience in retail construction management across our senior team, tscg provides its clients with the expertise needed to deliver projects on time and on budget. 



 













our vision for your future. learn about tscg's innovative approach. 



                company profile              

















featured projects








        view portfolio
        
      






















westside bottling


this site, currently home to the durham coca-cola bottling company warehouse, will be transformed into a class-a mixed-use development. the project aims to bring best-in-class retail, restaurants, and residential dwellings to enhance the durham community.




                  view
                  















the interlock


explore premier retail leasing at the interlock, located in the heart of west midtown atlanta. with over 90,000 sf of retail and dining space, surrounded by tech offices, luxury residences, and the busiest marta station, the interlock offers unmatched visibility and foot traffic for your business.




                  view
                  















industry city


located in brooklyn's thriving waterfront district, industry city offers innovative retail spaces surrounded by a dynamic mix of creative offices, artisanal dining, and cultural experiences. with unmatched foot traffic, a diverse tenant mix, and flexible leasing options, industry city is the ideal destination for forward-thinking retailers ready to connect with new york city’s trendsetting consumers.




                  view
                  









 













latest news







february 14, 2025

floridalandlordlocal market knowledge 


a transformative period for retail development 








february 12, 2025

tennessee 


belly acres expanding into collierville








january 31, 2025

our company 


2025 atlanta 500: real estate & design











        view all
        
      















help us shape the future of retail real estate



from analytics to investment sales and brokerage, grow your career with tscg.





        view careers
        
      














tscg logo






 




headquarters
770.955.2434
300 galleria parkway, 12th floor
atlanta, ga 30339




instagram







 


facebook









 


linkedin







 







home


properties


what we do


offices


tenant portal






about us


careers


news


contact


inclusion statement




















































 






              copyright ® tscg 2025. all rights reserved.
            



privacy


sitemap






























