




esthetics program & advanced training courses | become a licensed esthetician | atelier esthetique













































































skip to main content






 212-725-6130
 facebook 
 instagram
 email


schedule a visit
blog
open house
book a clinic appointment
 






search
















about campus location
meet our team
admissions
financial aid
accreditation
faq
blog
book a clinic appointment


programs offered esthetician licensing
nyc waxing license


advanced courses overview
aromatherapy and essential oils
bikini waxing (brazilian & manzilian)
chemical exfoliation
laser/ipl hair removal
microcurrent technology
microdermabrasion
salon and spa management


hosted workshops overview
ayurveda facial techniques
cold copper spoon facial & scraping techniques
dermaplaning
electrolysis training
eyebrows shape and tint
facial manual sculpting & toning techniques
facial cupping therapy
gua sha facial
holistic facial techniques
jb eyelash extensions
lash lift & henna
manual lymphatic drainage (face & neck)
micro shading: lip & brow
organic ingredients & masque techniques


 


request info












your esthetician training starts here




transform your passion into an esthetics career!
first name *last name *email address *phone number *zip code *program of interest *program of interestesthetician licensingwaxing licensingadvanced traininghosted workshopsplease select the advanced training course you are interested in *please select the advanced training course you are interested inaromatherapy & essential oilsbikini waxing (brazilian & manzilian)chemical peellaser / ipl hair removalmicrocurrent technologymicrodermabrasionsalon/spa managementplease select a workshop hosted by atelier esthetique institute *please select a workshop hosted by atelier esthetique instituteayurveda facial techniquescopper spoon facial & scraping techniquesdermaplaningeyebrows shape and tintelectrolysisfacial sculpting & toning techniquesfacial cupping therapygua sha facialholistic facial techniquesjb eyelash extensionslash lift and hennamanual lymphatic drainage (face and neck)micro shading: lip and broworganic ingredients & masque techniquesaeinstitute.net needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please check the box below:aeinstitute.net needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please check the box below:i agree to receive communications from aeinstitute.net.*you can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. for more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our privacy policy.get startedplease do not fill in this field. please do not fill in this field. please do not fill in this field. please do not fill in this field. 

at atelier esthetique institute of esthetics, we empower aspiring estheticians to pursue rewarding careers. our comprehensive esthetics training prepares you for new york state licensure. get the skills you need for a thriving career in the skin care industry.
what we offer

comprehensive training and continued education: our dedication continues even after you obtain your license! we encourage continuing education for estheticians. we offer a variety of advanced courses, hosted workshops, and seminars. students will grow their skill sets, expand their opportunities in the skin care industry, and increase earning potential.
in-demand graduates: atelier graduates are highly sought after by various salons, spas, clinics, and paramedical facilities. many graduates have gone on to open businesses and create skincare product lines.
flexible programs and courses: are you thinking of starting a skincare career? are you looking to improve your skills for your clients? atelier will be with you every step of the way. learn more about our programs and courses below to find the right one for you.




esthetician licensing
receive individualized, hands-on training from new york state licensed instructors. with our flexible course schedules, you can complete the program in as little as 16 weeks!




waxing/hair removal licensing course
get trained in waxing/hair removal in as little as 2 weeks! classes are hands-on and students are prepared to sit for the ny state licensure exam.




advanced training courses
are you a licensed esthetician or cosmetologist? advanced esthetician training helps you offer a new array of services and treatments to your clients and to further your esthetics career & earning potential.




hosted workshops
the faster you acquire the right skills, the faster you can build your client base.  atelier hosts many industry-recognized professionals who offer one, two, and five-day workshops in areas like eyelash extensions, dermaplaning, skin care technology, and more.




why choose atelier esthetique institute?
prestigious and innovative education: for 40 years, atelier esthetique institute has been a leading and innovative institution in the skincare education sector. we offer training for in-demand licensing, skills, and professional services. a faculty of industry-experienced professionals leads our hands-on training.







world class training and instructors
hands-on training focused on your education and career, and helping you achieve your dreams and goals.


world class training and instructors
we have a fully-trained staff of new york state education department licensed and experienced estheticians and teaching professionals. we regularly bring in industry experts from across the country to provide specialized instruction and to teach advanced skin care topics.










career placement
with a team of educational professionals and our renowned reputation, we help set up our graduates for success.


career placement
we are dedicated to the success of our students. we will help you map out your career in the skincare industry and offer a “graduates only” online bulletin board for job opportunities. many graduates have also gone on to open their own businesses as well as create their own skin care product lines.










location
centrally located in midtown manhattan near all major nyc transit lines.


location
our campus is located in the chelsea neighborhood of manhattan’s art district with easy access to public transit. our school is home to a community that is rich in culture and diversity.












atelier esthetique institute earned a global spotlight on bloomberg tv’s world’s greatest! watch the video here and find out what makes atelier esthetique the leader in aesthetics training in nyc.


about atelier esthetique institute
atelier esthetique institute of esthetics is a new york state-licensed esthetics school and postgraduate facility. the school is licensed by the state education department of new york. it is nationally accredited by the national accrediting commission of career arts & sciences (naccas).
atelier esthetique institute has been training skin care professionals since 1985. our offerings include:

ny state licensing courses:

esthetics
specialty licensing in waxing and superfluous hair removal


advanced education:

master esthetics course
various specialty and advanced courses


specialized training:

laser and ipl hair removal using the new candela gentlemax pro laser



we are committed to helping you excel in your skin care career.

blog
newsletter
open house

 














i chose atelier esthetique because of their rating online. a past employee of mine also attended atelier esthetique and graduated and is currently working at a spa. the education at this school is great.


                                jahmesh holmes
                                class of 2016                            





studying esthetics almost 10 years ago was the best decision of my life! i had been practicing law for 12 years, but i was very unhappy. so, i kept my job and started the part-time evening program to pursue my passion for skin care. i am currently in my 8th year of business as the owner of a top laser center in midtown manhattan.


                                kim schanzer
                                class of 2009                            





i chose atelier esthetique because of their close relationship with european wax centers. i also liked that there was a two-week intensive new york state waxing license program. someone i know who took this class at atelier esthetique and recommended it to me.


                                lauren harmon
                                class of 2019                            





i chose atelier esthetique after doing a lot of research and based on the classes available. the advanced classes, once i get my license, are important to me. the teachers here are great and have a style that adds to my overall experience.


                                roxanne smart
                                class of 2016                            





i chose to attend atelier esthetique institute of esthetics after i saw all the great reviews and online ratings.


                                tracia walters
                                class of 2016                            























 


 

 226 west 26th street, 7th floor, new york, ny 10001
 admissions@aeinstitute.net
 (212) 725-6130


 facebook
 instagram
 email

 






 
school catalog
school disclosures
terms of use/privacy policy
 copyright © 2025 atelier esthetique institute of esthetics, all rights reserved.
 
 



licensed by the state of new york,new york state education department.

 







return to top






close this module
learn the beauty of education.ready to start training for your esthetician license? the next esthetics licensing course
starts february 25, 2025 and there is still time to enroll! 
already a licensed esthetician?
check out our list of advanced training courses and hosted workshops to take your career to the next level.
don't show me this again.

close this module
open housefirst name *last name *email address *phone number *zip code *program of interest *program of interestesthetician licensingwaxing licensingadvanced traininghosted workshopsplease select the advanced training course you are interested in *please select the advanced training course you are interested inaromatherapy & essential oilsbikini waxing (brazilian & manzilian)chemical peellaser / ipl hair removalmicrocurrent technologymicrodermabrasionsalon/spa managementplease select a workshop hosted by atelier esthetique institute *please select a workshop hosted by atelier esthetique instituteayurveda facial techniquescopper spoon facial & scraping techniquesdermaplaningeyebrows shape and tintelectrolysisfacial sculpting & toning techniquesfacial cupping therapygua sha facialholistic facial techniquesjb eyelash extensionslash lift and hennamanual lymphatic drainage (face and neck)micro shading: lip and broworganic ingredients & masque techniquesaeinstitute.net needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please check the box below:aeinstitute.net needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please check the box below:i agree to receive communications from aeinstitute.net.*you can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. for more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our privacy policy.get startedplease do not fill in this field. 


close this module
schedule a visitfirst name *last name *email address *phone number *zip code *program of interest *program of interestesthetician licensingwaxing licensingadvanced traininghosted workshopsplease select the advanced training course you are interested in *please select the advanced training course you are interested inaromatherapy & essential oilsbikini waxing (brazilian & manzilian)chemical peellaser / ipl hair removalmicrocurrent technologymicrodermabrasionsalon/spa managementplease select a workshop hosted by atelier esthetique institute *please select a workshop hosted by atelier esthetique instituteayurveda facial techniquescopper spoon facial & scraping techniquesdermaplaningeyebrows shape and tintelectrolysisfacial sculpting & toning techniquesfacial cupping therapygua sha facialholistic facial techniquesjb eyelash extensionslash lift and hennamanual lymphatic drainage (face and neck)micro shading: lip and broworganic ingredients & masque techniquesaeinstitute.net needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please check the box below:aeinstitute.net needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please check the box below:i agree to receive communications from aeinstitute.net.*you can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. for more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our privacy policy.get startedplease do not fill in this field. please do not fill in this field. 


close this module
request informationfirst name *last name *email address *phone number *zip code *program of interest *program of interestesthetician licensingwaxing licensingadvanced traininghosted workshopsplease select the advanced training course you are interested in *please select the advanced training course you are interested inaromatherapy & essential oilsbikini waxing (brazilian & manzilian)chemical peellaser / ipl hair removalmicrocurrent technologymicrodermabrasionsalon/spa managementplease select a workshop hosted by atelier esthetique institute *please select a workshop hosted by atelier esthetique instituteayurveda facial techniquescopper spoon facial & scraping techniquesdermaplaningeyebrows shape and tintelectrolysisfacial sculpting & toning techniquesfacial cupping therapygua sha facialholistic facial techniquesjb eyelash extensionslash lift and hennamanual lymphatic drainage (face and neck)micro shading: lip and broworganic ingredients & masque techniquesaeinstitute.net needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please check the box below:aeinstitute.net needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. if you consent to us contacting you for this purpose, please check the box below:i agree to receive communications from aeinstitute.net.*you can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. for more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our privacy policy.get startedplease do not fill in this field. please do not fill in this field. please do not fill in this field. 



































 





