home - englewooddental.com        
      skip to main content skip to footerfree consultation (201) 871-3555homepatient informationwelcomefree consultation offerfaqspatient registrationfirst visitschedule an appointmentfinancial policyinfection controlinsuranceread patient reviewsadvanced technologyhome instructionspatient resourcesabout tooth decaychildrens dentistrydental sealantsfluoride supplementsgum diseaseoral canceroral health & heartpiercing warningsugary beverageswomen’s healthsmile gallerybotox & derma fillersdental implantsdentureslaminatespatient servicessleep apnea therapyaesthetic cosmetic dentistryporcelain veneerscomplete smile makeoversdental bondingcosmetic gum liftssnap on smiledental implantsgeneral dentistrycheckupsprofessional dental hygienetmj therapyorthodontic bracesinvisalign clear bracesincognito hidden bracesfillings / restorationsdental crownsnon-surgical root canaldental bridgesathletic mouthguardsgum disease laser therapyoral cancer screeningoral surgeryinlays & onlaysdental sealantsamalgam fillingstooth extractionssedation dentistryoral sedationnitrous oxidechildrens dentistrybotox & restylanerevitalizelaser technology3d imagingdental healthoral hygienechild dentistryprophylaxis teeth cleaningdental dictionaryperiodontal maintenancearestindental specialtiesblogpressmeet usdr. john minichettidr. anna hongdr. joseph d’amoredr. cara minichettidr. hyo leedr berry stahldr. nadine keegandr. nicole czajkameet the staffpatient testimonialscontact us     homepatient informationwelcomefree consultation offerfaqspatient registrationfirst visitschedule an appointmentfinancial policyinfection controlinsuranceread patient reviewsadvanced technologyhome instructionspatient resourcesabout tooth decaychildrens dentistrydental sealantsfluoride supplementsgum diseaseoral canceroral health & heartpiercing warningsugary beverageswomen’s healthsmile gallerybotox & derma fillersdental implantsdentureslaminatespatient servicessleep apnea therapyaesthetic cosmetic dentistryporcelain veneerscomplete smile makeoversdental bondingcosmetic gum liftssnap on smiledental implantsgeneral dentistrycheckupsprofessional dental hygienetmj therapyorthodontic bracesinvisalign clear bracesincognito hidden bracesfillings / restorationsdental crownsnon-surgical root canaldental bridgesathletic mouthguardsgum disease laser therapyoral cancer screeningoral surgeryinlays & onlaysdental sealantsamalgam fillingstooth extractionssedation dentistryoral sedationnitrous oxidechildrens dentistrybotox & restylanerevitalizelaser technology3d imagingdental healthoral hygienechild dentistryprophylaxis teeth cleaningdental dictionaryperiodontal maintenancearestindental specialtiesblogpressmeet usdr. john minichettidr. anna hongdr. joseph d’amoredr. cara minichettidr. hyo leedr berry stahldr. nadine keegandr. nicole czajkameet the staffpatient testimonialscontact usfree consultation (201) 871-3555general & cosmetic dentistrythe center for implants and aesthetics at englewooddr. minichetti and his associates can correct a wide variety of dental problems, restore proper oral function, and literally redesign your smile.call us (201) 871-3555free consultation offerfree consultation offerpatient registrationpatient testimonialsyour browser does not support the video tag.the center for implants and aesthetics at englewood dental general & cosmetic dentistrywe understand the impact a less-than-desirable smile can have on your confidence and quality of life, and we’re here to help.our team of dentists practice a full scope of general and cosmetic dentistry, with expertise ranging from porcelain veneers, bridges, and crowns to dental implants. dr. minichetti and his associates can correct a wide variety of dental problems, restore proper oral function, and literally redesign your smile.you no longer have to live with the pain and awkwardness missing teeth or ill-fitting dentures can cause. schedule your free consultation, a $165 value, today! call us at center for implants and aesthetics at englewood dental phone number201-871-3555 or click here to request your appointment online. schedule free consultationthe most comprehensive dental service provider in englewood njlocated at 370 grand avenue in beautiful englewood, nj, we offer a wide range of comprehensive implant, general, and cosmetic dentistry, as well as sleep health treatments and facial cosmetic procedures that will showcase your new state of beauty and wellness. at the center for implants and aesthetics, dr. minichetti’s team is in the business of restoring not just smiles, but whole lives by restoring your confidence through aesthetic and cosmetic dentistry. we create works of art in your mouth when we use our gentle, proven techniques to whiten, straighten, and reshape your smile. with a board certified anesthesiologist on staff, even our most apprehensive patients are able to achieve the smile of their dreams with sedation dentistry.contact our office todaycall us with any questions, or make an appointment. email: info@englewooddental.comenglewood (201) 871-3555map & directionsschedule an appointmentwhat our patients are saying"i can't recommend englewood dental enough!! their offices are modern, clean and comfortable! they have tvs in every room playing music videos to help you relax. i've seen each dentist - dr. hong, dr. d'amore and dr. minichetti and they are all fabulous. each and every one has such a positive friendly attitude and gentle touch. the hygienists are all great too!! my 4-year old daughter actually looks forward to going to the dentist - to get sparkles on her nails and teeth!""dr. d'amore was simply amazing!! very caring about his patient as well as very professional. i had 4 teeth extracted and 3 implants put in, he constantly checked with me to see if i was having any pain which to me goes a long way. my experience here was great, the staff was also great in how they prep the patient for surgery. i would recommend anyone who is looking to get dental implants put in to come pay these doctors a visit!! they really live up to their reputation!!! 10 out of 10 in my book!!""my whole family have been going to englewood dental for the last 14 years. i have seen all the doctors through the years and they are very professional, the staff are friendly and always willing to make us feel comfortable. my daughter has been a patient since she was 1 yr old. she is now 11 years old and is always happy to go to her dental appointments and getting her nails done lol, she is also getting orthodontic treatment at this moment. she's always excited to go to her appointments. i highly recommend englewood dental!!""i can't stress enough how much i love this dental office. dr d' amore and the entire staff are amazing. they truly transformed my smile and i could not be happier!!! totally recommend it""i love this place!... friendly staff and doctors. my whole family is been going there for years and we are very happy with the service they provide. i highly recommend this place!""my daughters had a dentist appt here for their annual/ first time there today. i was left speechless- my kids want to go back again!  the dentist was phenomenal!"englewood dental is the best dental office in nj. scheduling my appointment was a breeze. i first went in for a consult (free) and the staff was so welcoming/friendly. the office is also beautiful and clean. i highly recommend englewood dental!dr john minichetti of englewood dental is the finest there is. dr minichetti is an extraordinary health care professional.  his staff are highly competent and personable. i know i will never go anywhere else, as englewood dental is "top shelf" all the way.... you just can't get better.dr. minichetti is the man for dental implants. i've had several implants done there. he has a great way of keeping you relaxed and his work is top notch. great clean office with excellent hygienists.aesthetics at englewood dentalwith a variety of options in cosmetic dentistry, from glo teeth whitening systems to natural looking crowns and lumineers, we can improve the look of your smile in as little as one visit. let englewood dental treat you to the best in cosmetic dental care and service. we offer a complimentary dental consultation for new patients, a $165 value. whether you want to address a single issue, multiple imperfections, or treat yourself to our complete smile makeover, a comprehensive plan of care specifically tailored to your needs, our cosmetic dentistry specialists #1 priority is giving you a smile you’ll love to show!we also understand that looking and feeling your best can go beyond your smile. that’s why we offer facial aesthetic procedures such as botox and juvederm. dr. minichetti (often mispelled as dr. manichetti/ manechetti) and dr. hong have received intensive training in facial cosmetics, and these simple procedures can be done in our office in as little as 15 minutes! in addition, we host a semi-annual facial aesthetic event every fall and spring, where our guests can relax, mingle, and enjoy delicious wine and hors-d’oeuvres.complimentary consultationget free consultationimprove your sleep healthare you tired, stressed out, and moody because of interrupted sleep? does your bed partner complain about your snoring? these may be symptoms of osa, a sleep disorder that affects 40 million people each night. disrupted deep sleep can affect mood, health, and cause daytime sleepiness.  at englewood dental, we provide non-surgical obstructive sleep apnea (osa) therapy to help you get the quality of rest you need.learn more about sleep apnea hereimplants at englewood dentaldental implants are changing the way people live. with them, people are rediscovering the comfort and confidence to eat, speak, laugh, and enjoy life. you no longer need to struggle with the pain and embarrassment of ill-fitting dentures or missing teeth.with dental implants, you can:enjoy a significantly better quality of lifeeat what you want, when you want, with confidenceretain the natural shape of your face and smileprotect healthy teeth and bonepositively impact your overall oral healthlearn more about dental implants herewhat our patients are sayingyour browser does not support the video tag.your browser does not support the video tag.insurance informationat center for implants and aesthetics at englewood dental we make every effort to provide you with the finest care and the most convenient financial options. to accomplish this we work hand-in-hand with you to maximize your insurance reimbursement for covered procedures.contact us (201) 871-3555we offer comprehensive services includingsleep apnea therapysedation dentistrylaser technologyaesthetic dentistrychildren's dentistry3d imagingdental implantsbotox & restylanegenetal dentistryrevitalizetestimonialsamazing place incredible dentistry completely professional.  i previously had started an implant and needed also a root canal simultaneously they were so gentle and i trust englewood dental with all the procedures needed.  thank you for everything!i've been a patient for more years than i am willing to admit. the dentists are the best clinically that i have encountered - i'm an rn and not easily impressed. the office is friendly and the support staff is excellent. highly recommended.the entire staff at englewood dental is professional, accommodating and personable.  dr. hong is my dentist and her expertise in her field is obvious.  her work is meticulous, painless and she communicates the treatment plan in a very understandable manner.dr minichetti and the entire staff at englewood dental are truly a class act. from the moment one walks into their beautifully zen office, one feels at ease. dr minechetti is charismatic, gentle and funny - all qualities i now expect in exec excellent doctors. my smile is healthier and happier after treatment with dr m.dr. d'amore is very kind and sweet and most importantly he makes you feel you are in the presence of one in control of his craft.  i always feel safe in his judgment and i feel less fear of pain while in the presence of one with tools inside my precious mouth. the other staff are so friendly and caring that one feels confident, reassured and respected.dr. minichetti is an expert in his field of providing excellent implant and cosmetic surgery to his patients. my wife is very happy with the results and appreciates dr. minichetti for all of his expertise and excellent work in helping her to achieve her goal. dr. minichetti and his entire staff are the ultimate professionals in their chosen field.the entire office has a personality! now where do you ever find that? they are gentle which is important to me especially with my sensitive teeth. dr d’amore has great hands and has a sense of humor. highly recommend.my kids both see the dentists at englewood for their checkups. they absolutely adore them! great with kids and makes them feel at ease.  my son loves the movie collection they have. the office is well-designed, spacious, and clean.simply the best. my mom has been receiving care here for the past couple of years and they have always been excellent. today, mom needed more work and dr minichetti and the entire team made us feel so cared for throughout the entire procedure. left my mom in the care of dr. minichetti and team and i have no regrets.video testimonialsrequest free consultation englewood nj dentists, dr. john minichetti, dr. anna hong, dr. joseph d'amore, dr. berry stahl, and dr. nadine keegan, practice a full scope of general and cosmetic dentistry that can give you a smile you're happy to show off.center for implants and aesthetics at englewood dental offers comprehensive dental services including:
porcelain veneers, teeth whitening, bonding, dental implants, invisalign clear braces, tooth fillings, dental crowns, root canals, dental bridges, gum disease laser therapy, inlays & onlays, dental sealants, tooth extractions, sedation dentistry, children's dentistry, botox & restylane, revitalize, and laser technology.get in touch with  usinfo@englewooddental.com201-871-3555201-871-9096370 grand avenue, suite 200 englewood, nj 07631office hoursmonday: 9am - 8pmtuesday: 9am – 5pmwednesday: 9am - 8pmthursday: 9am – 5pmfriday: 9am – 5pmsaturday: 9am – 1pmsunday: closedproudly serving bergen county, rockland county, essex county, and hudson county including: englewood nj • fort lee nj • englewood cliffs nj • tenafly nj • leonia nj
teaneck nj • alpine nj • cresskill nj • closter nj • harrington park nj
saddle river nj • ridgewood nj • harrington park nj   
