heli skiing canada | tyax heliskiing

 tyax | heliskiing and summer lodge 1 group per helisnow & terrainsummer at tyax
inquire & book   
the tyax difference the tyax difference - overview- single group heliskiing- unlimited vertical- snow & terrain
packages packages - overview- the platinum package- private helicopter package- single group package- standby program
lodging options lodging options - overview- spirit bear chalet- lodge rooms
weather & conditions weather & guides update
about getting herethe spa at tyaxour teamour guidessafetyblogsluxury yachts
summer summer at tyax#mytyaxsocial media links
 facebook opens in a new window/tab. 
 instagram opens in a new window/tab. 
 trip advisor opens in a new window/tab. 1 groupper heli packages    welcome to paradisehere at tyax, we’ve crafted the ultimate canadian heli skiing experience for you: every package has just 1 group using the helicopter meaning your group has exclusive use of the heli. enjoy single group heliskiing, with unlimited vertical, in the chilcotin mountains of british columbia, where deep, dry snow and breathtaking terrain awaits.our professionally guided trips can be tailored to your needs, so if it’s a week of relaxed skiing or 5 days chasing down every line in our 830,000 acre ski area, we are ready to bring your dream heliskiing trip to life.    ski kanadatyax voted heliski-operation of the yeartyax lodge & heliskiing is excited to say that the experts at ski kanada have selected tyax as the heliski-operation of the year 2024! ski kanada is an online travel and winter sport website and magazine that promotes skiing in canada and the us to the german speaking market.in addition, tyax was nominated in a wide range of categories at the world ski awards, the world travel awards, and the world spa awards. world ski awards - the most nominations out of any heliskiing operation in the world!- world's best heli-ski operator 2024- canada's best ski boutique hotel 2024- canada's best ski chalet 2024 - spirit bear chaletworld travel awards 2025 - canada’s leading wilderness resort 2025- north america’s leading exclusive retreat 2025world spa awards- canada’s best resort spa 2024 - the spa at tyax lodge    the tyax differencewhy choose tyax?    heliski packagesfind yours    unique, and epic, ski formatthe single group per heli format is the bestwe've bucked the trend. instead of 2-4 groups using 1 helicopter, we know it is much better to dedicate 1 helicopter per group. this means your group gets a private ship. no waiting around. more exploring and more skiing.and with unlimited vertical in every package, you won't pay more to ski more. this is the tyax difference.the best format? show me why    terrainbowls, pillows, trees and a whole lot of snowthis is the chilcotin range, where the pacific ocean sends moisture-heavy storms into the cold mountain air of the chilcotin plateau, creating the driest snow in the most accessible terrain. we do steep and deep. we do easygoing and cruisy. our mountains sit north of normal and south of gnarly, and that’s why tyax offers something fresh for heliskiers and snowboarders who want to do it differently.  explore the terrain    wilderness lodginglodge or private chalet - the choice is yoursfor heliskiers traveling solo or in a small group, you may prefer the vibrancy of tyax lodge and its high-end spa facilities.for larger groups, or for those who desire privacy and exclusivity, reserving the stunning spirit bear chalet is akin to having your own heliskiing operation.step inside    packagescanadian heliskiing packagesthe province of british columbia is the best place to heliski in canada, and canada is the most iconic heliskiing nation on the planet. we have a package for anyone who has ever dreamed of visiting an iconic location known for hero snow.  prefer to have your own private chalet and helicopter? you can have that. just you and a few friends? we make it work. from one to everyone, tyax offers packages to fit your purpose.show me the options    summer at tyaxdiscover summerstay connectedsign up for last minute availabilities, deals, and updates from tyax.  email sign uptoll-free (canada & us)1.877.918.8929international+1.250.238.2221general inquiriesenable javascript to view protected content.packagesweather & conditionsgetting herelodging optionsblog: lodge dispatcheslodge dispatches blogour teampartnersour teampartnerscareersmediawaiver & forms#mytyaxsocial media links
 facebook opens in a new window/tab. 
 instagram opens in a new window/tab. 
 trip advisor opens in a new window/tab. safety & risk awarenesscopyright ©2025 tyax lodge & heliskiing. all rights reserved
    privacy
 |  terms of use
 |  cookiesupdatesconditions - new update on our conditions page.huge savings - if you earn us dollars or euros, save 30-34%! for example, 5-night trips are $15,400 cad which equates to just $10,751 usd and €10.309.looking for a quick trip? we have a 3-night package: feb 21-24. drop us a line, or to get a quicker reply, chat with us in the live chat (m-f, 9-5 pst).stay connectedsign up for last minute availabilities, deals, and updates from tyax.  email first name last name   all tyax lodge & heliskiing newsletters   summer at tyax   winter at tyax sign upyou can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. to learn more, view our privacy policy.choose your seasonstart planning your dream holiday at tyax.heliskiing    summer    cookies are used to make this website work and to enhance your experience. to learn more about the types of cookies this website uses, see our cookie policy. you can provide consent by clicking the "i consent" button or by canceling this cookie notice.i consentmanage cookiesclosecookies are used to make this website work and to enhance your experience. to learn more about the types of cookies this website uses, see our cookie policy. we need your consent to use marketing cookies. marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. the intention is to display ads (via third party services) that are relevant and engaging for individual users. please select the checkbox below to indicate your consent. i consent i do not consentsave preferencesyour cookie preferences have been saved