








the college of westchester | certificate, associate, bachelors | white plains, ny

































































skip to content




 
hs educators
career services
cwcf
alumni
my cw


 call now! 1-833-768-2842 | 914-348-4308

 

 

 is career training right for you? 
            take the free quiz 


 













                                        the college of westchester                                    

menu




programs

school of business

accounting (bba)
accounting (aas)
business administration (bba)
business administration – management/marketing (aas)
interactive digital media & marketing (bs)
intensive accounting
digital media specialist


school of health professions

human services (bs)
healthcare service administration (bba)
human services (as)
medical assistant management (aas)
health information management (aos)
medical assistant specialist
health information specialist
student voices magazine


school of information technology

information technology (bs)
computer network administration (aas)
computer networking specialist
cybersecurity center @ cw
student voices magazine


cw online

business administration – management (bba)
business management/marketing (aas)
health services administration (bba)
human and social services (as)
accounting for business (aas)
human and social services (bs)
health information administration (aos)
health information specialist
computer information systems (bs)
computer networking & security (aas)


certificate programs

intensive accounting
digital media specialist
medical assistant specialist
health information specialist
health information specialist – online
computer networking specialist


academic calendar
commencement celebrations
faculty profiles


about cw

testimonials
meet the president
cw excellence factor
college advisory council
mission & vision statement
cw blog
cw news
sex discrimination policy
accreditation
campus climate survey
board of trustees
catalogs, documents & forms
consumer information
career opportunities


location

directions to cw
white plains, ny campus


admissions

undergraduate
evening/transfer
online
veterans
meet our counselors


contact us
apply now
 




















get the skills for a rewarding career in business, it or health professionsonline and on-campus career training in white plains, ny


view programs      request info





accelerated year-round learning. flexible schedules. online and on-campus.
discover the cw difference…
are you ready to kickstart a new career, transition into a different field, or enhance your existing skills? for over 100 years, the college of westchester (cw) has helped people like you gain the skills, confidence, and experience it takes to pursue a professional career.
with a wide range of career-focused programs, cw is ready to help you prepare for a new career. choose from a variety of business, it and health professions programs that will provide you with the knowledge and hands-on skills needed to set yourself up for success with a rewarding career.
the cw campus in white plains, ny serves students from westchester, putnam, rockland, the bronx, lower fairfield and dutchess counties.  our on-campus programs provide a dynamic learning environment for high school graduates, adults learners, and individuals with some college experience.  
cw online programs are designed to help you keep up with your studies while you manage your busy life! you can use the learning system app and take your studies with you or learn from the comfort of your own home! 






school of business








school of information technology








school of health professions








cw online


















the cw advantage:
career-focused programs – the college of westchester programs are designed to provide the relevant, up-to-date skills employers are looking for in viable career fields. programs range from 13-month* certificate programs to 4-year* bachelor’s degrees. as a cw student, all of your time will be spent on relevant skills you’ll use on the job.
flexible study options – cw offers accessible scheduling options including day, evening, and online class options. get the skills you need to get ahead in a flexible format that fits your lifestyle.
over 100 years of experience – since 1915, cw has focused on the career success of its students. with a rich history that spans more than 100 years, the cw has evolved and adapted, always staying at the forefront of educational advancements.
frequent start dates –  no need to wait! we offer year-round program start dates, so you can begin your career training without delay. get going on your new future on your timeline.
personalized attention – at the college of westchester, you’ll never feel like a number. we believe in the power of community and we surround ourselves with committed professors who go above and beyond to provide the level of attention you need, when you need it.










about us
at the college of westchester, you can get the skills you need to better your life through job-focused career training led by expert instructors.


learn more








latest news
stay connected and informed about the latest campus news happening at the college of westchester. happy reading!


read more








personalized info session
meet with one of our admissions counselors, either in-person or online. you can ask questions and meet our friendly staff and instructors.


learn more



earn your degree sooner
if you need a degree to advance your career or begin a new one, our flexible learning options provide you with the opportunity to blend learning and life’s commitments.
we cater to ambitious individuals and understand that life can be hectic. studies are designed to help expedite completing your degree on time which can be faster than a traditional college.
choose from career-focused programs in business, information technology and health professions in the day, evening or online.




       are you college and career ready? find out!        

            take the cw "college and career readiness quiz"        



        this fun, online quiz takes 3-minutes to complete and you’ll get a personalized report. identify your strengths and social style plus the training and positions you’re best suited for. 
            get your career training readiness score now.        



take the quiz!




career services
whether you are a current student or a recent graduate of the college of westchester, you will receive ongoing support from our dedicated career services professionals.
the cw career services team will help you with creating a resume, job search, career advice and practicing interviews, so you can enter the professional world with confidence.
learn more





is a rewarding career in business, it or health professions right for you? get more info…
if you’re interested in learning more about careers in business, it or health professions and exploring if the college of westchester is right for you, fill out the form on this page to receive more information.
for immediate questions, call 1-833-768-2842.
get info!



 





 
 









get your career started today. call 1-833-768-2842





programsschool of business
school of health professions
school of information technology
cw online
certificate programs
admissionsundergraduate
online
veterans
 

aboutabout us
accreditation
blog
consumer information
privacy policy
 

contactcontact us
apply now
transcript request
 

  






google map

the college of westchester - white plains, ny campus

325 central avenue 
white plains
new york
united states
10606 





                        white plains, ny campus                      



                    325 central avenue 
white plains, ny 10606                   

phone: 
                            914-348-4308                          







  
 

 

 

 

 

 



 
 





                © 2025 the college of westchester. all rights reserved. website by enrollment resources.            





×

























document.addeventlistener("domcontentloaded", function() {
    // get all accordion toggle elements
    var accordions = document.queryselectorall('.accordion-toggle');

    // add click event listeners to each accordion toggle
    accordions.foreach(function(accordion) {
        accordion.addeventlistener('click', function() {
            // get the panel-collapse element directly following this accordion-toggle
            var panelcollapse = this.nextelementsibling;

            // check if this panel-collapse is currently open
            var isopen = panelcollapse.classlist.contains('open');

            // remove 'open' class from all panel-collapses
            accordions.foreach(function(acc) {
                var collapse = acc.nextelementsibling;
                collapse.classlist.remove('open');
            });

            // toggle 'open' class only on the clicked panel-collapse
            if (!isopen) {
                panelcollapse.classlist.add('open');
            }
        });
    });
});


