





piano for life | online piano lessons
































































 



















home
streaming
dvds
reviews
articles

the demystification of music
the pathway to music
confessions of a piano quitter
turning points in the history of piano instruction
practice tips from mark almond #1
practice tips from mark almond #2
practice tips from mark almond #3
innovative strategies for homeschool families


faqs
workshops
contact
my account
 





select page


  
 
 









learn to play the piano with freedom and passion
​

the best foundation for students of all ages is revealed step-by-step in the “piano for life” approach. this web site clearly explains and demonstrates how all music flows from simple core elements which can be used immediately to create powerful music. many practical and life changing insights from the greatest minds in music history have been ignored.







all online piano lessons available for immediate streaming and/or on dvd



featured articles by mark almond

the demystification of music



the pathway to music



confessions of a piano quitter



turning points in the history of piano instruction



practice tips from mark almond #1



practice tips from mark almond #2



practice tips from mark almond #3







piano for quitters
10 lesson foundation

view clear demonstrations that dramatically improve your playing skills
explore the most efficient and productive ways of practicing the piano
utilize practical insights originally designed for all pianists at all levels – not just for “quitters”
transform impressive chord progressions into powerful music

download piano for quitters booklet (pdf)

watch first 3 piano lessons free

piano for life
21 lesson foundation

expand your understanding of the heart of music theory leading to unlimited applications
use creative exercises recommended and developed by the greatest pianists in history
improve your ability to read music notation by first viewing the actual layout of the notation system
develop all of the concepts in piano for quitters to a more advanced level with all new material

download piano for life booklet (pdf)

watch first 3 piano lessons free





mark almond



as a performer and piano teacher for the past 35 years, mark’s specialty is clear explanations. his demonstrations start with the whole picture, completely transforming the learning process.
after frustrating experiences with four different teachers between the ages of five and seven, mark returned to the piano ten years later at the age of seventeen. learning to play piano as an adult has given mark a unique perspective and a great appreciation for what is most helpful and effective for those who have a deep desire to play the piano.
while mark respects traditional teaching methods, he is quick to point out that many of the top pianists throughout history violently disagreed with the “note-reading only” approach.






reviews






“a remarkable program that will have you producing beautiful sounds in no time. gimmick-free — just a proven holistic approach based on chords and harmony!”
time life book-of-the-month club



“in the piano for life video series, mark almond has taken his incredible skill as a pianist and combined it with a truly revolutionary method of teaching even the most reluctant learners to play. you will be amazed at the beautiful music that comes from your fingers from the very beginning. if you thought practicing and playing the piano just wasn’t your style, think again!”
cynthia ulrich tobias, m.ed.



“mark, you have brought the miracle of a simple path to experiencing the wonder and beauty of the piano to anyone on this earth who yearns to experience the joy of playing. there are no other piano teachings like yours. before your piano for quitters and piano for life series, no one else ever distilled the essence of making beautiful evocative piano music that anyone can experience and enjoy in their soul. you cannot put a price on such an extraordinary contribution. it came through you into this world — you have delivered it. you did your job, and this is a much better world for it.”
robert bostick






“this course presents some interesting techniques and, best of all, no stern teacher with ticking metronome in hand. the idea is to bring the joy of piano-playing back with a “holistic” approach based on chords and harmony and devoid of tedious time spent trying to decipher sheet music. music lovers may discover they’ve “got it” after all!”
billboard



“the piano for life series is structured in a fashion that is logical, complete and condensed. my piano instructor thinks i have had a revelation…but instead i have found a new teacher. thanks for sharing your knowledge in such a sincere and humble exchange.”
danna wakefield
phoenix, az



“you can count on me to sing your praises to my friends about the foundational music program presented in piano for life. i am truly grateful to you for sharing your knowledge about music theory. it has opened up a whole new way of looking at music for me. every music teacher should shout this secret from the housetops and then maybe there would be fewer quitters.”
lucie murray
npp


read more reviews




“if you ever took piano, quit, and wish you hadn’t, your second chance has arrived. perhaps you were too young. perhaps it was that rigid teacher and those boring exercises. forget it. learn to play again.
“mark almond teaches you to play beautiful sounds in just minutes — all through a holistic approach based on chords and harmony that helped the great players of the past learn much faster than students do today. it’s an ideal foundation for all styles, from classical to jazz to pop. it works for all keyboards. and it’s fun.”
discovery channel



“i’m sitting at the piano again after many many years of neglect — and i’m having fun. you have demystified the genius of the masters and made them human to me. thanks for the joy.”
nancy gunnell
burns harbor, indiana



“i really want to thank you for being there to speed me and others along in their piano studies. has anyone ever told you that a genius is someone who can make the complicated simple? that’s mark almond, piano for quitters, and piano for life. thank you, mark!”
cliff west
st. rolla, mo




 











rss


© mmxxiv, piano for life - all rights reserved.   |   designed & hosted by r1 web design 








 skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



increase textincrease text 



decrease textdecrease text 



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset










