







home - cycling safaris















































































 



























































home
cycling tours

ireland

ireland – connemara, galway and mayo
ireland – connemara, best of the west
ireland – clare & the burren
ireland – west cork & kerry safari
ireland – west cork coastline safari
ireland – ring of kerry and dingle peninsula
ireland – highlands of donegal
ireland – castles & kings
ireland – wicklow safari
ireland – copper coast
ireland – antrim coast


italy

italy – tuscany
italy – umbria
italy – venice lands
italy – bolzano – verona – venice
italy – venice to mantova & mantova to venice
italy – sardinia – mine of memories
italy – sardinia & corsica
italy – tasty piedmont
italy – apulia
italy – lakes of lombardy


spain

spain – mallorca coast
spain: lanzarote – the land of volcanoes
spain – andalucia – white villages
spain – andalucia – coastal explorer
spain – andalucia – seville to granada
spain – camino de santiago
spain – cantabrian coast
spain – la rioja tour
spain – emporda wine tour
spain – girona & costa brava
spain – greenways of girona family


portugal

portugal – the algarve coastal cycle
portugal – best of algarve
portugal/lisbon
portugal – castle & wine tour


france

france – dordogne
france – loire valley
france – provence
france – basque country land & coast
france – bordeaux to biarritz


croatia and montenegro

croatia – southern dalmatian islands
croatia – southern dalmatian islands ( luxury )
croatia – national parks & dalmatian islands
croatia – national parks & dalmatian islands ( luxury )
croatia – highlights of dalmatia : dubrovnik ~ split
croatia – istria
croatia – kvarner bay


slovenia

slovenia – emerald route
slovenia – pearls of slovenia
slovenia – wine and vistas tour
slovenia – lake bled to venice


holland & belgium

holland – bruges to amsterdam
holland – amsterdam tulip tour
holland – top of amsterdam
belgium – bruges for kids
belgium – brussels to bruges
belgium – bruges and flanders fields


austria and czech republic

passau – vienna – passau ( by boat )
passau – vienna – budapest ( by boat )
austria ten lakes
austria – passau to vienna
prague to dresden
prague to vienna
vienna via bratislava to budapest


greece

greece – cyclade islands
greece – ionian islands


germany and switzerland

germany – munich lakes
constance to lake lucern – swiss lakes
germany – bavarian beer tour


sweden

sweden – stockholm roundtrip


lithuania, latvia and estonia

lithuania – lithuanian seaside
lithuania – latvia – estonia
lithuania – poland


uk

scotland – lochs and glens
england – the cotswolds
england – classic cornwall
scotland – castle trail




sportive cycles

ireland

cols of kerry
connemara odyssey


italy

italy – northern sardinia sportive


spain

spain – cols of catalonia & costa brava
spain – mallorca sportive


france

france – tour de france
raid alpine – geneva to nice / nice to geneva


slovenia

slovenia – alpine mountain passes




walking tours

ireland

ireland – clare & connemara (walking)
ireland – dingle way (walking)
ireland – sheep’s head way (walking)
ireland – wicklow way (walking)


italy

italy – tuscany (walking)
italy – umbria (walking)


spain

spain – mallorca (hiking)


france

france – bordeaux wine and walking


slovenia

slovenia – julian alps peaks walk
slovenia – lakes and valleys (walking)
slovenia via alpina


austria & czech republic

austria – salzkammergut (walking)
austria – danube wachau (walking)




tours and schedules
meet the team
contact us
 





























 


cycling tours to suit everybody
from gentle family rides to exhiliarating mountain climbs, we have it all.


learn more 





quick tour finder
 




					trip type									
allbike and boat toursfamily toursgroup toursluxury toursself guided toursshort breakssportive tourswalking tours 


					location									
allaustria and czech republiccroatia and montenegrofrancegermany and switzerlandgreeceholland and belgiumirelanditalylithuania latvia and estoniaportugalsloveniaspainsweden 













introducing irish cycling safaris...


irish cycling safaris have been organising bike tours the length and breadth of ireland and europe since 1989.
we know a cycling holiday can mean many different things to many different people. from taking on some of the most challenging climbs in europe to the most gentle family friendly cycles and everything in between, we offer something for everyone.   
we are a team of cycling enthusiasts with a genuine passion for what we do and with a wealth of experience behind us, we are perfectly placed to create the ideal tour for you. 
if you know what you are looking for, then you can use our quick tour finder to filter the tours. 
however, if you’d like to learn more about the different tours we offer and the locations we visit, then please read further down this page. or contact the team at info@cyclingsafaris.com and we’ll be delighted to help.


our latest news and blogs



why not try one of our walking tours in ireland or europe

treat yourself to great accommodation, food & wine on one of our tours in portugal!

venice to mantua bike & boat tour dates available for 2025

now available to book: tulip tours in holland for 2025 


you can choose your tour based on the tour type










 group tours		 
 

 

generally the tours are a week long and cover approximately 45 - 60km per day. the tours are all escorted by a guide who has local knowledge and the language!
of course all tours include accommodation and the possibility of bike rental, however the format is slightly different in each country. in ireland, spain and portugal, the guide follows in a back up van and gently shepherds everyone along each day, on hand in case of any problems.
everyone has their own route details and can cycle at their own pace each day. in france, the guide cycles with you while your luggage is transferred locally. in italy, the czech republic and lithuania, the groups have a guide in a van as well as one of the bike with you. on our bike & boat trips, your luggage stays put in your cabin each day while you cycle with a guide and the rest of the group.
 view our group tours 

































 
 
 
 






 self guided tours		 
 

 

one of the main advantages is that you can decide your own start date.
in ireland you can start any day of the week, however there are some limitations on the days you can start on some of our other european destinations.
generally the tours are week long and cover approximately 45 - 60km per day, but there is great flexibility on these tours to adapt them to specific requirements. we organise your accommodation, bike hire and your luggage transfers each day. you are given route details and a map to assist you following the tour and all tours include an emergency phone number you can call if you need help.

































 
 view our self guided tours 
 
 
 






 sportive tours		 
 

 

sportive tours
sportive tours can be organised in a group or self-guided format. these tours are not races but they do require training and preparation to complete.
the challenge can come from the terrain in the form of hills or from the distance (80km+) or from the combination of both of these. you can push yourself as hard as you want or take your time.
the thrill comes from the combination of a fantastic sense of achievement and the journey through wonderful scenery.
 view our sportive tours 

































 
 
 
 






 bike and boat tours		 
 

 

generally the tours are week-long and cover approximately 45 - 60km per day. t
he main advantage is without doubt, that your room travels with you!
every day you visit a new location but you never need to pack up your bag.
in croatia travelling by boat gives you a unique opportunity to visit various islands otherwise difficult to get to. the types of boats vary and are reflective of the area you are in.
in holland you are of course, in a comfortable barge.
in austria, a cruise ship takes you along the danube including a pool on the sun deck!
for the islands of croatia and greece you are in sailing boats designed for open waters.
 view our bike and boat tours 

































 
 
 
 






 bespoke tours		 
 

 

fancy chartering one of our boats for your own tour? would you like to take on one of our sportive challenges for a group of friends, charity or cycling club?
we have extensive experience setting up and running numerous customised tours. this is a great option if you would like us to tailor make something to your needs. the world is your oyster!
we can increase distance, upgrade your accommodation, add or take away days, the possibilities are endless. we know that a cycling tour can be different things to different people and we enjoy the challenge of creating the perfect tour for all our customers. please contact our office with your request and we will be happy to talk to you
 
 
 






 family tours		 
 

 

it’s never too early to get younger legs in the great outdoors.
on these tours the mileage is lower, there are more possibilities for rest days and there are also plenty of suggestions for other things to do en route to keep everyone happy and engaged!
 view our family tours 

































 
 
 
 






 walking tours		 
 

 

we have been running private group and self-guided walking tours for many years.
they are run in a very similar way to our cycling tours, without the bike and with lower mileage! we offer a number of self-guided tours in ireland and in a number of other european locations.
 view our walking tours 

































 
 
 
 






 luxury tours		 
 

 

we organise many luxury tours for private individuals and groups.
some are ready to go and listed in our luxury section but we are able to upgrade many hotels on most tours so if you are interested just send us an email and we can advise you of the possibilities.
 view our luxury tours 

































 
 
 
 




or perhaps you may want to choose by location







ireland










france










spain










croatia, montenegro & slovenia










italy










austria & czech republic










greece










lithuania, latvia & estonia










portugal










germany & switzerland




 













 irish cycling safaris have been organising bike tours the length and breadth of ireland and europe since 1989..
  


quick linkshome
meet the team
faq
contact us

mailing list sign up
	submit your details below to receive the latest information from irish cycling safaris about our tours. 
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *submit 

 












©2022 cycling safaris. all rights reserved












wordpress lightbox 










































































































