





ncshpo













































































2025 national historic preservation advocacy week



ncshpo
the national conference of state historic preservation officers







aboutdirectoryresourcespreserveeventsnewscontactmembers










we help save the places that matter

learn more



whether it is guiding citizens through the process of listing important historic resources or neighborhoods on the national register of historic places, or considering the impact of large renewable energy projects on historic landscapes or archeological sites, your state historic preservation officer (shpo) is your partner in preservation.




southgate st. school | oregonia, oh (2022)



know your shpo
your state historic preservation officer (shpo) is the appointed official in each of the 50 u.s. states, 5 u.s. territories, 3 freely associated states, and the district of columbia.  
whether it is guiding citizens through the process of listing important historic resources in the national register of historic places, or considering the impact of large renewable energy projects on historic landscapes or archeological sites, your shpo is your partner in preservation.


find my shpo








federal preservation project review – section 106
after the widespread destruction of historic neighborhoods and places in the 1950’s and 1960’s, the national historic preservation act of 1966 guaranteed that the federal government would consider the impact of federally funded or permitted projects on our nation’s historic resources. section 106 of the act established a consultation process to assure adequate public involvement.


learn more



md shpo & nps staff visit the rehabilitation of the conococheague aqueduct on the c&o canal national historical park during project construction. photo credit: maryland historical trust (2018)






oklahoma historical society (shpo) at main street day inside the oklahoma state capitol



the historic preservation fund
in order provide the resources to shpos to implement the federal requirements of the national historic preservation act, congress established the historic preservation fund (hpf). since its creation, it has come to also fund tribal historic preservation officers (thpos), as well as competitive grant programs for preservation.


learn more





upcoming events
the ncshpo calendar seeks to track events, consultations, webinars, trainings, and comment deadlines of interest to state historic preservation office staff. to notify us of an upcoming event, contact us.

view events




resources
view all






federal historic preservation program
after world war ii, with a rapidly growing population, a lack of modern infrastructure, and a need for housing, the united states began to make major investments in highways, urban renewal, and public works. with such great need and a desire for something “new,” the public largely supported major investments and the establishment of federal programs to deliver affordable housing, interstate highways, dams, and more.








national register of historic places
many people have heard the phrase “listed on the national register of historic places.” but what does it mean? how does this happen? the national historic preservation act of 1966 authorized the secretary of the interior to maintain a list of resources important to our nation’s history. historic places can be individual sites, or they can be made up of a number of resources – such as a historic district. places of particular importance can further be designated as national historic landmarks. 








reports and studies
historic preservation fund; economics of historic preservation; historic tax credits; federal historic preservation program.








tools for preservation
the best place to find more information about historic preservation in your state including funding, research, laws, project review, listing on the national register or your state register (if applicable), is through your state historic preservation officer. 











ncshpo
the national conference of state historic preservation officers

follow us on facebook


what is a shpo?about usdirectoryresourcescontact us
search





©2024
privacy policy
website by brad hogan





 








