




















how to grow pumpkins, giant pumpkin growing, recipes








































home
channels

how to grow
giant pumpkins
fun and games
facts & education
recipes
halloween
thanksgiving


recipes

pumpkin recipes
halloween recipes
apple recipes
garden recipes
holiday cookbook


other

garden hobbies
gardener's network
holiday insights
garden holidays


about us
contact





 













a great place for you & your pumpkins in 2025!
pumpkins are puttin' on the pounds!
get growing





 











growing pumpkins in 2025 











 











growing pumpkins - the seed search is on! 











pumpkin seed search peak time. it’s february and the pumpkin patch is deeply covered with snow. it’s been so long since we’ve last tended to our plants, lovingly coaxing them to produce our beloved fruit. and there are many months yet to pass before we plant that first pumpkin seed or seedling. what is a grower to do in february, besides fondly recalling our past year’s pumpkin growing exploits? why do we energetically and optimistically look for seeds for this year? simply because that’s what we do! also, we look for something old, something new, nothing borrowed, and occasionally something blue… yes, there are blue pumpkins! if you do not have your seeds yet, what are you waiting for!? garden seed & suppliesas soon as the new year begins, seeds of all kinds are flying off the shelves. make certain you get the varieties you want, by getting them now …… before someone beats you to them. 











gardening tip 











in addition to surfing all the online seed-selling sites, contact fellow growers. this is especially true when seeking competitive giant pumpkin seeds. these growers only use seeds with the best genetics they can get. and, that’s exactly the kind of seeds you want to get your hands on. fortunately, most competitive growers are friendly folk. also, don’t hesitate to ask them for tips you can use.  you can contact garden organizations in your area, too. most importantly, check out the giant pumpkin-growing organizations online, the ones that hold giant weigh-offs. they can be a great source of seeds with quality genetics, as well as different and unique seeds. check out giant pumpkin organizations today.   











all kinds of pumpkins 











there’s no shortage of varieties that you can grow. as a matter of fact, you’ll find hundreds of varieties to choose from.giant pumpkins- every grower feels the urge to grow a giant at least once in their life. those who try, often are hooked for life. the challenge is huge. while there are many varieties out there, we highly recommend you look for dill’s atlantic giant pumpkin seeds, the granddaddy of them all.looking for unique and wacky seed varieties? there are over 100 varieties of pumpkin seeds. the trouble is most seed manufacturers carry only a limited number of the most common varieties. while most seed companies carry about 3-6 varieties, livingston seed company markets the largest variety we’ve ever seen. they offer about twenty varieties, including jaradale (a blue pumpkin) red warty, peanut, howden, cinderella, and many more.more on livingston seed company 











the focus right now is upon seed selection. 











the focus right now is upon seed selection. all too soon, we will turn our attention to the germination of the seeds we are now acquiring. then, we will be preparing your patch for this year’s crop of big and beautiful pumpkins. will you directly sow seeds into the garden? or, will you start them indoors?  early starts are better begun indoors, where temperature and soil moisture can be best controlled. for bigger varieties, like the atlantic giant, we encourage you to start your plants indoors. it’s all but essential if you hope to grow record-breaking fruit. providing bottom heat with a germination mat is also recommended. it results in faster and more successful seed germination.  seed starting datesmore on seed germinationpreparing the patch 











 











a garden begins with a plan 











the very best gardens begin with a plan. if you have not done so already, february is a good time to make plans for your pumpkin patch. it is very important to get your plants started in ideal conditions. and, knowing when to plant your seeds is essential, too. here are the steps to take to start this year’s gardening season off right. those steps include:perform a soil test, to make certain the ph level is ideal for growing pumpkins. see pumpkin patch soil ph.determine what will you add to the soil, to improve it. will it be compost, manure, fertilizers, or some of each? how to improve garden soil.right now, it’s a great time to review the basic “how to’s” of pumpkin growing, along with searching out new tips on how to grow healthier plants and bigger and better fruit. make sure to surf through our many how to grow pages.identify when to start or transplant tender, cold, and frost-sensitive plants. see planting dates. 















 

















                ask any kid, and he or she will tell you they want a big, big pumpkin.
so, you must deliver. your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to fuel the growth of your fruit to produce the biggest pumpkins you've ever seen.
                sure, it's only february. and, all you can do right now is search for the seeds you will need this spring. but, before you know it, spring planting time will arrive. i can't wait! can you!?
              
here are some tips for adding lots of weight to your pumpkins:







keep your patch well watered.
turn over a spadeful of soil. is it moist down several inches? great! more on watering pumpkins.



add a layer of compost.
this feeds the plant, helps to retain soil moisture, and helps to keep weeds down.



big pumpkins have big appetites.
use regular applications of fertilizer. alternate liquid and granualr fertilizer. apply slightly diluted liquid fertilizer to the leaves. more on fertilizers.



tender loving care.
maintain the health of your plants. keep a vigilant eye for insect problems and plant disease. apply insecticides and fungicides before problems arise.



cover the vines with garden soil.
this promotes secondary root growth. it anchors the plant and feeds the fruit. and best of all, it results in much bigger fruit.



how to grow pumpkins.
learn the indepth a to zs on how to grow them. find much more information on how to grow pumpkins.






 











 











what colors are pumpkin colors? 











todays’ quiz question: they come in many colors. which colors are pumpkin colors?a. orangeb. whitec. blue d. greene. redf. yellowfind the answers 














join us on social media





on facebook
in addition to our website, our sister site gardener's net news is also on facebook - read about gardening happenings and your favorite plants. leave garden related comments. share a picture of your prize winning pumpkin or roses. like us on facebook.





garden blog
let's talk gardening and pumpkin growing! do you want to talk about gardening, read seasonal appropriate articles about gardening, or share some pictures of your garden.? join in on the fun, visit the garden blog!




 














frequently asked questions



can i start seeds directly in the garden, or should i start them indoors? 


                aside from giant, most varieties can be sowed directly into your garden, if you have enough frost free days. find out more




i get small pumpkins on the vine, but they wither and die. what am i doing wrong? 


                you are experiencing poor pollination. it's pretty common. here's how to assure pollination. find out more




what is the weight of the largest pumpkin ever grown? 


                the largest pumpkin ever grown weighed well over a ton. there's a lot of other amazing records too. see them




where can i go to enter my giant pumpkin into a contest? where are the festivals? 


                there are many festivals and weigh-off sites all over the u.s., and canada. and, many others around the world. find one near you





 











pumpkins and your health 











growing pumpkins is fun. like other gardening activities, researchers tell us it’s therapeutic. eating them is healthy for you, too. add a little pumpkin to your diet all year long.more on pumpkins and your healthsee a plethora of recipes in pumpkin nook’s cookbook 











please support our site. shop for:
 











compostersseed traysclothing – fashionskitchenware 







garden seeds & suppliessoil testers      electronic best sellers 







live plantscell phonesgroceries 





















              premier star company
              94 northwood drive
              rochester, ny 14612
email: ezpumpkin@pumpkinnook.com



channels

 how to grow
 giant pumpkins
 fun & games
 facts & education
 recipes
 halloween
 thanksgiving



recipes

 pumpkin recipes
 halloween recipes

useful links

 about us
 contact us
 home



join our newsletter
join our free newsletter for updates, news, promotions and more!










          © 1998-2023 pumpkinnook.com by premier star company, all rights reserved
        
































