
home | dufresne funeral home inc. serving cohoes, new york since 1909















home




about us





our staff




map & directions




our facilities




mailing list







funeral planning





when death occurs




burial services




eulogies and obituaries




funeral etiquette




cremation services




legal advice




our services




cremation information







pre-planning





pre-arrange online







grief resources





10 facts about grief and grieving




understanding bereavement




the loss of a spouse




the loss of a pet




loss from a child’s perspective




helping children cope with grief




how to help someone who is grieving




dealing with special days and holidays




grief after suicide




grief in the workplace







contact us




resources





military & veteran services




local hospice




churches




hotels




restaurants




faq







livestreaming
















































welcome to dufresne funeral home
the dufresne funeral home, inc. is a fourth generation family owned, family focused funeral home. established in 1909, the dufresne family stands by its commitment to the residents of cohoes and surrounding communities to provide the utmost care for your loved ones in a time of need. please feel free to browse our pages to learn more about pre-planning a funeral and grief support, as well as the traditional funeral and cremation services that we have to offer.  if you have any questions or concerns please feel free to contact us at anytime, we are available by phone or e-mail, or drop by the office in person.  we are always here to help.


 




grief counseling

learn more
the death of a family member is a very difficult time in anyone's life.  these articles will help you understand the grief you are feeling when someone in your family has died, and how you can honor the life of your departed family member. 

pre-planning

learn more
many people plan for life events such as weddings and vacations well in advance, but many people do not plan for something that is certain to happen, their funeral.  while most people do not want to think about their own morality, the time to pre-plan your funeral is now.



our services



current services
past services







        loading...
    







                        michael j brooks
                    

wednesday, february 12, 2025








                        christina m amyot
                    

thursday, february 6, 2025








                        james s. akley
                    

friday, january 31, 2025








                        james j lamarche
                    

saturday, january 11, 2025








                        lillian fernet
                    

wednesday, january 1, 2025








                        shirley c tschumi
                    

wednesday, december 25, 2024







                        rosemary c bennett
                    

saturday, december 7, 2024








                        todd j klein
                    

tuesday, november 26, 2024








                        richard herrington barnhart
                    

friday, november 15, 2024








                        henry l schindler
                    

monday, november 11, 2024



view all
receive notifications













ask about our virtual grief counselor

click here to learn more.....





resources for you and your family























proud members of the following associations:















who we are:
the dufresne funeral home, inc. is a fourth generation family owned, family focused funeral home. established in 1909, the dufresne family stands by its commitment to the residents of cohoes and surrounding communities to provide the utmost care for your loved ones in a time of need.  


weather



location
216 columbia streetcohoes, ny 12047(518) 237-3231


map







quick links
> obituaries> send flowers> pre-planning> grief support











admin login | website powered by funeraltech & ta | privacy policy | terms of use







