

 







luxury apartments | homes for sale | central pa | desouza brown








luxury apartments | homes for sale | central pa | desouza brown





















































































homeowner portal
 resident portal






 menu


apartments for rent
properties for sale

meadow lane farms


about

desouza brown
richmar builders


careers
contact
  (717) 657-0840
 
























































discover luxury living in central pa
the best luxury apartment communities and new homes for sale throughout the harrisburg region have one tradition of quality in common: desouza brown.

browse luxury apartments
view properties for sale



a better property management company from the ground up
experience. commitment to quality. pride. that’s desouza brown. all of our award-winning luxury apartment communities in the harrisburg, hershey, and mechanicsburg areas are 100% owner-managed by our dedicated team of professionals with one ideal in mind. you deserve the best.
come home to a desouza brown community and experience truly feeling at home. we build and own every property we manage, and that pride of creation guides our management approach. always.

about desouza brown



building dream homes for our neighbors
you shouldn’t be surprised to learn that our dedicated desouza brown employees often choose to purchase homes by our exclusive contractor, richmar builders, when they’re looking to upgrade. our team members want to live in the premium family homes richmar designs and builds because they appreciate our commitment to the highest level of quality and superb craftsmanship. and you will too.

about richmar builders




meadow lane farms: lebanon county’s best new neighborhood
meadow lane farms is situated on 185 acres of scenic farmland in the heart of lebanon county & cornwall lebanon school district. it will feature 270 single-family homes in five phases with minimum lot sizes of 1/3 acre and up. homes will range from one-story ranch style to two-story and will have many custom built options available. meadow lane farms is conveniently located just minutes from shopping along the routes 422 and 72 corridors, and is an easy commute to harrisburg, hershey, and lancaster areas.

discover meadow lane farms









what our community members are saying:
we have been here for 7 years. extremely courteous office staff, top notch maintenance of grounds; safe neighborhood; repair requests are always complete in as little as an hour !!! i never waited for a reply to any question or call. yes it is a little pricey but the peace of mind is worth it. the neighborhood is safe & quiet, neighbors are polite & friendly and we never see a need for police patrolling here.anonymous resident at terraces at springford  treeview is a friendly neighborhood. i have been living here for few years now and i have enjoyed my time here. loni and pat are friendly and always helpful. i feel they are not appreciated enough for the work they do. maintenance team is helpful and ready to answer any questions i have. they attend to issues within a day or two. it feels home for mek. ram resident of treeview apartments  this is an exceptional place to stay… there’s great value and some fantastic amenities! jennifer, the assistant property manager, is a joy to work with! she’s attentive and accommodating wherever possible and thanks to her i was able to get into an apartment on very short notice. she’s caring, understanding, and a great “face” for the reserve and gardens! best wishes on your search… give them a try!j. civello resident at reserve and gardens at hershey meadows  the townhouse we have is spacious and well worth the rent. the staff are extremely friendly, helpful, very prompt, and genuinely care about your experience. they also offer repairs 24/7 which we took advantage of for our garage, and it was done in less than 48 hours!a. cameron resident at meadows at bumble bee hollow  the staff here is amazing! the grounds are always well kept. if you have a problem with a neighbor violating the rules, they solve it. however, they don’t do crazy random inspections of your house. maintenance fixes everything usually within 24hrs. if you have an emergency, you can page them after hours. i had a problem they couldn’t fix quickly with my stove and they got me a brand new one. they have good office hours. and you can pay your rent online. excellent customer service!anonymous resident at reserve and gardens at hershey meadows  the meadows at bumble bee hollow is a great place to live and raise a family. wonderful office personnel as well as maintenance. love all the amenities it has to offer!anonymous (verified resident)  the community is very nice and well kept. they even let me move in early because i was starting a new job. the apartment was super clean when i moved in and the staff are very friendly and helpful. maintenance comes very quickly if there is an issue which i really like because when my ac broke they fixed it right away.anonymous resident at the terraces at springford  the community is beautiful, i love everything about my apartment.  the office staff is very friendly and the maintenance staff is fast and efficient.  anytime i place a work order it is completed the same day or within 24 hours and the office staff always makes a follow up call to make sure things were taken care of.tili f. resident at springford apartments  the area was great. i felt nestled away from the hustle and noise of the city, while only being 20 minutes from downtown harrisburg and hershey. i lived in both a 2 bed 2 bath and 1 bed 1 bath. i felt that the price was great for the the 2+2, but a little high for the 1+1. lots of parking spots, so i was never searching for one, and the staff were willing to work with me to get problems corrected. all-in-all, i had a great experience living at treeview.anonymous resident at treeview apartments  sheri, megan & kim are terrific to work with. the maintenance guys rock as well. i love how quiet this development is. i appreciate the staff being ‘hands on’ for our community!! i had an issue being handicap with the parking and they were able to work with me to provide an acceptable resolution in a timely manner. you will not be disappointed choosing hampden greene!!nancy resident at hampden greene  my wife and i moved into this place and immediately felt at home here. the appliances are brand new and the place is very quiet and peaceful. we are on the third floor so we can rarely hear our neighbors, but the below tenants have stated that they can sometimes hear us. basically, if you’re looking to throw large parties this isn’t the right apartment for you. the management is wonderful and very on top of providing the best care for their tenants. we feel blessed that we can call such a lovely place home.b. samuelson resident of spring valley apartments  moved here many years ago and i have nothing but wonderful things to say about springford apartments! the landscaping and property is beautiful, peaceful and clean. the maintenance staff and office staff are always polite and prompt with any request i have. my apartment is comfortable and spacious. i feel safe and at home here. the location is perfect! close to stores and restaurants. i couldn’t imagine living anywhere else.j. johnson resident of springford apartments   




ready to schedule a community tour or find the right home for you?
            talk with one of our housing experts today!
			
    	
contact us for details





























contact us
harrisburg location:
			6160g springford drive, harrisburg, pa 17111    (717) 657-0840

bala cynwyd location:
			225 north presidential avenue, bala cynwyd, pa 19004    (610) 668-9300

quick links
apartments for rent | meadow lane farms | about desouza







		©2025, desouza brown. all rights reserved.    

					web design & hosting provided by ezmarketing















				richmar builders service request			




name*


first



last

phoneemail*

property*the new windy heightsservice description*10 day service60 day service150 day serviceyear end serviceemergency serviceservice request*please describe the service requiredpet informationif you have pets, please let us know more about themmay we enter your home to complete this service request?


yes



no
i have read and fully understand the emergency service policy*


yes



this is not an emergency service request.
captchaphonethis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  











δ





			close			






























