





firework museum old fireworks collecting fireworks




fireworkmuseum.co.uk 
1998-2019
a virtual archive; plymouth, england, uk
phone fireworkmuseum in the uk: 07780 44 96
22   
  
 
     
pains posters from 1908 - (click to download
900k hi-res scans at 1:1 size) - standard posters from 1972 and late 1930's (click to
download hi-res scans at 300k)
astra bangers from 1965 (95k):
scan by graham pugh of choctaw, oklahoma, an american contributor - a memory of his last
"guy fawkes" in england
 "light the
blue touch paper" - maurice evan's firework heritage museum is seeking a
new permanent home after a season at the royal gunpowder mills, waltham
abbey, london: if you can help - e-mail please!
remember, remember, the
5th of november
...........but not it
seems in my home town of plymouth, england where the local authorities have seen
fit to disobey a centuries old royal order from king james - send them to the
tower i say, it's here at my main cyberheritage
page, check out stop press: november 2005, "the last bonfire."


1945 era pains fireworks from australia
please send me your scans
to put here, but not more than 10mb in total please





1930s era fireworks from the usa - sorry, i have mislaid the person's
details who sent these in




firework
      heritage museum 



firework
      heritage museum  volume 2



fireworks
      - american fireworks and firecrackers labels



fireworks
      - british firework industry



fireworks
      - captain a brock's famous firework book



fireworks
      - indian and asian firework art posters and labels



fireworks
      - virtual firework museum



fireworks
      - label art design (downloadable)of british fireworks of 1980`s lots
      of superb artworks



fireworks
      - british fireworks of the 1980`s actual items, technical drawings



fireworks:
      plymouth firework 1998 competition



fireworks:
      plymouth firework 1999 competition



fireworks:
      plymouth firework 2000 competition or
      here



fireworks:
      plymouth firework 2001 competition 



fireworks:plymouth
      firework 2002 competition 



fireworks:plymouth
      competition 2006: video & 55,000 rocket launch  



firework
      labels from the 1960s & 70s  



plymouth
      music of night  



a
      selection of cherry bombs and dutch fireworks
       



fireworks
      - bonfires, bangers and rockets.  british consumer fireworks in 1998



fireworks:
      some nice brock's bangers, thanks to martin weselby  




fireworks:
      an autographed frontspiece by a. brock of his famous book, thanks to j
      humby 



fireworks:
      some standard fireworks mines, among some of the last items that were
      made in the uk, sorry, lost name of sender  



fireworks:
      a really lovely standard fireworks poster , thanks to phil donoghue in
      australia  



fireworks:
      two superb old brock's posters and lots of old rockets etc.
       



fireworks:
      fireworks effects and functioning imagery from a catalogue, unusual
      images indeed, all in colour.  



fireworks
      - fireworks at kitley house, yealmpton, near plymouth in 1908



more
      old firework posters!!...and a  modern indian
      one: excellent!! some print out really well to a4 



macau
      firecrackers (among other things!)..old
      brocks etc....all sent in by visitors 



schermuly
      rocket launcher/projectors 



rockets!
    rockets! rockets!



rockets red glare-
    rocket heritage, amateur rocket heritage, old adverts for rocketry, rocket mail, rocket
    motors plus more



rockets - schermuly and his
    rockets



an illustrated treatise on
    ammunition & ordnance 1880-1960



world
      war i & ii ammunition  



totter
      rockets from world war ii  



british
      firework rockets vol 1 and some odds and ends from 1980s plus some nice
      older labels and posters - real rockets 



british
      firework rockets vol 2 from 1980s and some odds and ends  incl.
      victorian era friction tubes and quills - real rockets 



old
      ship distress rockets, from schermuly, brock, pains,
incl. victorian era friction tubes and quills 



old
      ship distress rockets, from schermuly, brock, pains & wessex incl
      a line throwing rocket  



a
      very rare dummy of a mid-late victorian
      stage (c1870s) theatrical maroon by dyer and robson, string bound 




the
      entire dummy contents of a box of astra
      fireworks and a box of brock`s fireworks c early 1970s 



some
      fine uk rockets from the 1988 era 



a
      look at novelty fireworks from the usa thanks to jim melching
      in the usa 



a
      look at novelty fireworks v2 from the usa 



standard,
      pains & wells fireworks posters, thanks to p donoghue in australia
       
      



lots
      here, an amazing hi-res scan
      of a 1928 standard fireworks poster, a rare circular brock`s crystal
      palace fireworks box and loads more, thanks to tom, john and martin 




this
      is amazing! if you like proper skyrockets, a la standard and brock`s
      fireworks 1980s and earlier types, you
      will love this, all large files. many thanks, mine and yours to barry
      shephard   



more
      amazing items from barry shephard again. similar to his material above, but
      featuring everything else other than rockets!! ok, ok, there are some
      rocket pics here too!!! if you love fireworks past, you will love
      this!! 



looking
      here at some indoor fireworks, thanks to m. weselby.



john
      whiteway of telford, uk, sent in this scan of an old
      circular brock`s box, any ideas of its original use, i plonk for caps.
      a £1 coin is in for scale. 



standard
      and brock dummies, mint, from 1961  



the
      danish konsberg rocket  



the
      brocks times - an ad newspaper spoof.  



irish
      coastguard rockets, boxer and schermuly.   



bingo
      bangas - from lion fireworks and 1950s & 60s firework boxes  from
      astra & standard fireworks ...& what's in them are all here. thanks
      to pete gooderham, mick manning and alan irwin for these shots of fine old
      shop display dummies.  



three
      photos of an old ships fireworks box, thanks to mandy 1...2...3
      



an
      old waterproof tin (thanks to leon keyzer) that once contained
      schermuly distress rockets.  



an
      early 20th century november 5th, some size 5 standard skyrockets found in
      an attic in the usa. very unusually two images of standard
      "mega" rockets from the mid 1980s, a technical drawing to show
      construction & a breakdown of the costings of each unit to manufacture.
      thanks to marty vwm, joss taylor, matt h, doug p,
      nick clark, patrick hickey.
       



a
      casual collection of firework
      images, dummies and adverts sent in by many people. 




a
      fine collection of standard skyrocket dummies, thanks to alan foster



a
      pair of flash powder strung maroons  and
      here too.



old
      and new standard and brocks bird scarers 



wilders
      firework box   



scans
      of paperwork for the us firework display in 1913 gettysburg battle
      anniversary...1....2.....3





all pages content rich, photos and scans of hundreds
and hundreds of items, labels and posters.
links to:
"fireworks" magazine, by john
bennett-totally essential if you are into
fireworks heritage & fireworks today - and fireworks future
the late larry crump`s splendid american fireworks site, includes a lot of uk material as larry, a texan, is an
anglophile, sadly larry has now passed away but his page lives on.
graham lundegaard`s nov5th site, graham and his wife christine are
behind sandling fireworks in the uk - page includes fireworks for sale and news and views
australian
fireworks enthusiasts association
brought  to you by steve johnson's  "cyberheritage" of
www.cyber-heritage.co.uk
try my pals sites: www.navyphotos.co.uk 
and www.submerged.co.uk 
phone fireworkmuseum in the uk: 07780 44 96 22 
we want your modern inert, dead &
fired consumer fireworks and novelties, modern foreign ie non-uk catalogues & posters
to put on these pages; will send similar modern uk items in return if requested



  
 




 
 


