










home - southaven chamber of commerce
























































 
 

















skip to content














 
member loginjoin the chambercontact us























































































menu 
directoryyour chamber board of directors chamber team ambassadors merchandise shra – southaven hr association syp – southaven young professionals why join? testimonialsour community city of southaven desoto county deals & discounts senior program – forever young desoto county schools media gallery southaven resource guide community & government relationsthings to do where to eat where to shop where to stay area attractions mid-south holiday happeningsevents events calendar event info visit desoto countyjob searcheconomic development southaven foundation / bridge academy demographics commercial real estate desoto economic council y’all business silo square








 






















 
 


 
 


 
 












































mark your calendar










view all events
































welcome to southaven chamber of commerce!






the activities and programs of the southaven chamber of commerce are envisioned, designed and executed around a single, simple and direct vision:
building a vibrant and prosperous community through business leadership in southaven mississippi and the surrounding region.

















					testimonials				








					ambassadors				








					news				








					why join?				








					deals & discounts				



























learn more






















 
shra 
the southaven human resources association is a transformative resource for small businesses. offering expert support, tailored resources, and a collaborative community, it empowers members to excel in hr management, ensuring compliance, fostering positive work cultures, and driving business growth. join to gain a competitive edge and make hr a difference-maker in your business.
human resources 




















 
southaven business beat podcast 
tune into the "southaven business beat" podcast, presented by the southaven chamber foundation, for cutting-edge insights into the economy, industry-specific challenges, and opportunities for growth southaven, mississippi. featuring expert interviews and success stories, it's a treasure trove for entrepreneurs and professionals keen on navigating the dynamic economic landscape of the mid-south.
podcast 







  













 
government relations 
discover southaven's vibrant community and proactive government through the chamber's community & government relations page. it's a hub for information to enhance engagement in civic life. visit now to see how southaven is thriving through unity and innovative partnerships, and to learn more about your local elections and upcoming ballots.
learn more 










southaven magazine






our story
















view online












new members




























community investors
















                                a & b distributing                            














                                chick-fil-a                            














                                coffee central                            














                                landers auto group                            














                                silo square                            














                                desoto athletic club                            






next
previous









 












© 2025 southaven chamber of commerce
 | 
site by growthzone












relationships create commerce


























500 main street, southaven, ms 38671  |  662.342.6114  |  info@southavenchamber.com











 © 

 southaven chamber of commerce.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone | privacy policy 








 

















