



	vienna, ga - official city website






















skip to main content



homecity governmentadministrationcity hallcity ordinanceselected officialsfinance departmentpublic noticespublic safetypublic workscommunity development development projectseconomic developmenthistoric preservationkeep vienna beautifulplanning & zoningvienna main streetlocal informationdemographicseducationhealthcarenewcomers guidetourismattractionsfestivals & eventsgreat outdoorshistoric driving tourlocal historycommunity partnersbig pig jigdooly co. board of commissionersdooly co. board of educationdooly co. chamber of commercedooly co. economic development authoritydooly co. emergency management agencyexplore georgiafullington academyga dept. of community affairsga grown trail 41 association, inc.georgia municipal associationlegislative contactsriver valley regional commissioncontact us










                        city of vienna
                        107 w. cotton street #436
                        vienna, georgia 31092












quick links






advertisement for bids 
animal control 
    
animal control complaint form
animal adoption agreement


building inspections
city budget 2025
city ordinances 
city scoop news 
city utilities  
    
gas service
trash service
application for city services
leak adjustment policy
pay my utility bill online
water & sewage service


comprehensive plan 
consumer confidence report fy 2023
contact us
economic development
events
faxes / copies 
feedback
forms 
    
application for business license
application for city services
application for distilled spirits beer & wine permit package
assets/files/alcoholic beverage license renewal application package 
application for one day or special event alcohol beverage permit
application for permit to hold special activity
building inspections notice
business registration application
complaint form - general
complaint form - animal control
electronic draft authorization form
insurance tax certificate application
open records request form
regulatory fee permit form
request to speak before mayor & council
sign permit application 
stanley gambrell fund application
 street name change application
zoning application


frequently asked questions
historic preservation 
    
certificate of appropriateness application
historic district guidelines 


human resources 
    
application for employment part 1
application for employment part 2 
application for employment part 3 


legislative contacts
meetings 
    
request to speak to mayor & council


newcomers guide 
online services 
    
pay my utility bill online
pay my citation online


planning and zoning 
    
zoning application
sign permit application 
city of vienna zoning map 
downtown business development guide


public notices 
    
notice


public works
site map
tree city usa
vienna main street 
vienna police department 
    
pay my citation online


vienna volunteer fire department
 

























welcome to vienna,
georgia!
"the ultimate southern experience!"

vienna has a rich history and a bright future - our renovated downtown district and commitment to our downtown development has helped to win vienna recognition as a "city of excellence" from georgiatrend magazine and the georgia municipal association.



we are glad you are here and look forward to serving you!
 
 like our facebook page to view more images of our great little town! 
 

thank you for your interest in vienna!
a place where our citizens are proud to call home!

 
our mission statement
to deliver to the
citizens and others high quality municipal services.


our purpose
to be dedicated to the citizens' quality of life, planning and preparation
that will ensure development and growth for our community.
to provide public services that exceed the expectation of citizens.
to be creative and innovative in our approach to the needs of citizens,
recognizing the trust and confidence that our citizens place in us as
caretakers of governmental services.
 
 e-verify number 259635
                                                                                                                                                                  
 
 “the city of vienna is an equal opportunity
provider/employer and a drug free workplace.”


can you recognize and react to a natural gas leak?
english            español



















                         welcome to vienna"the ultimate southern experience"  vienna has a rich history and a bright future - our renovated downtown district and commitment to our downtown development has helped to win vienna recognition as a "city of excellence" from georgia trend magazine and the georgia municipal association.  we are glad you are here and look forward to serving you!                                                                                         j  
mission statement
to deliver to the citizens and others high quality municipal servicespurposeto be dedicated to the citizens' quality of life, planning and preparation that will ensure development and growth for our community.to provide public services that exceed the expectation of citizens.to be creative and innovative in our approach to the needs of citizens, recognizing the trust and confidence that our citizens place in us as caretakers of governmental services.
we welcome your comments and suggestions to help make your city government services rewarding to you. 
thank you for your interest in vienna; a place where citizens are proud to call home! 
 
































                    city calendar
                



<february>
sunmontuewedthufrisat2627282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272812345678








                        february 24

                    city council meeting    




                        march 10

                    city council meeting  (1)




                        march 24

                    city council meeting    




                        april 14

                    city council meeting  (1)




                        april 28

                    city council meeting    




                        may 12

                    city council meeting  (1)




                        may 26

                    city council meeting    




                        june 09

                    city council meeting  (1)




                        june 23

                    city council meeting    




                        july 14

                    city council meeting  (1)













                © 2025
                city of vienna






















