



river run golf club | ocean city golf course

















 











homegolf    golfcoursepro shoplessonsrequest lesson infobook a tee timestay and playrequest stay and play infooutings    outingsrequest outing infoevents    eventsrequest event infoweddingsrequest wedding inforeal estate    real estatewaterfront propertiesabout the communityrequest real estate infobuilding a homemodel homesvirtual touramenitiesdiningmembership    membership informationrequest membership infocontact us    contact uslocation

 










			(800) 733-7786
		





homegolfgolfcoursepro shoplessonsrequest lesson infobook a tee timestay and playrequest stay and play infooutingsoutingsrequest outing infoeventseventsrequest event infoweddingsrequest wedding inforeal estatereal estatewaterfront propertiesabout the communityrequest real estate infobuilding a homemodel homesvirtual touramenitiesdiningmembershipmembership informationrequest membership infocontact uscontact uslocation
 




 




 







 

river run golf club & community
invites you
nearby beautiful white sand beaches... the white marlin capital of the world...a gary player designed golf course in your backyard...the river run life is the life you've always wanted!
live like a millionaire in the stunning and yet affordable river run golf club & community.
just minutes from ocean city maryland’s beaches, the river run golf club & community offers tranquil scenery, unmatched amenities and a warm community with a world class gary player designed golf course that received a four star golf digest rating. the river run community provides the premier experience in ocean city living.
whether you're moving into or building a permanent home, looking for a weekend or seasonal getaway, river run is a fun and friendly community. you'll enjoy the camaraderie with the other residents here and love the convenience of having the first tee just minutes from your front door.
to see river run for yourself and discover your new satisfying lifestyle with days on the beach, golf at the club and long-lasting friendships, call 1-800-733-rrun (7786) to make an appointment to visit the river run golf club & community. 





ocean city real estate
a home in river run, whether for vacation, retirement or a permanent residence is not only affordable but you will become a member of a group of friends and neighbors to be truly treasured! river run homes are built to be as maintenance free as possible, and they even mow your lawn so all you really have to do is spend your days enjoying your favorite pastime. river run is not some cookie-cutter development where...
 

ocean city golf
intelligent design taking advantage of gary player’s favored “bump and run” philosophy and five sets of tees make river run truly playable for all handicap levels. shorter hitters can easily avoid forced carries while more accomplished players can challenge the frequent bunkers and lakes guarding landing areas and greens. everyone will enjoy the excellent playing conditions and friendly staff that make river run a “must play” when visiting ocean city, maryland. rated four stars by golf digest this gary player signature course is reminiscent of scotland’s troon...
 







dine
whether a quick breakfast sandwich, a casual lunch, or a delectable dinner, the starr restaurant at river run is a terrific stop for vacationers and locals alike. located in the river run clubhouse, overlooking the st. martin river, the starr restaurant welcomes members and the public to escape from the crowds and experience a truly first-class dining experience. lunch and a few cold beverages after your round with friends is the perfect 19th hole, but be sure to make plans to return for dinner because that is when the starr restaurant truly shines its brightest…
 

stay and play packages
want to play a few rounds in ocean city and enjoy special savings while playing great courses designed by some of the legends of the game, gary player, jack nicklaus and rick jacobsen? need a place to stay? why not stay where you play in a beautifully appointed golf villa only a chipshot away? the beautiful four bedroom, three bath villas sleep 8 and everyone gets their own bed. enjoy unlimited use of the practice facilities as well as...
 






			© 2017 river run golf club and community 11605 masters lane berlin, md 21811 phone: (800) 733-7786
		


designed & maintained by legendary marketing





