












home | department of english language and literature









      skip to main content
    






the university of chicago



secondary menu


phd admissions


contact


"the dirt"


give to english



search
menu






department of english language and literaturethe university of chicago








search 
search








 

main navigation


about


fields of study


affiliated journals


contact


resources


subscribe to "the dirt" 


support the department




people


faculty and lecturers


graduate students


staff


alumni


emeriti faculty


faculty bookshelf




graduate


admissions


overview


joint phd programs


teaching


courses


intellectual life


career


for current students




undergraduate


why study literature?


careers


major & minor


ba/ma option


study abroad


honors and awards


for current students


english research labs


alumni


research and fellowships




courses


creative writing


news & events


news


events


2024 carpenter lecture: lisa lowe








secondary menu


phd admissions


contact


"the dirt"


give to english

















 



 








 


by creating and studying literature, we prepare students to confront the challenges and possibilities of the twenty-first century. narrative, poetry, and criticism have forever been integral to human self-creation and self-understanding. they are the textual ground in which we dig and through which we strive to discover the human condition.  


 









 


  who we are


since the founding of the university of chicago, the department of english has been a vibrant nucleus of intellectual life on campus. our internationally recognized research and teaching have shaped the wider field of literary studies and have broken through disciplinary boundaries. our work demonstrates that the human condition is best discovered through the creation and study of literary objects. it is no accident that language has made artificial intelligence seem most real and most urgent, for it is through language that we, collectively, have realized much of what makes us human. in a world constantly transformed by technological innovation, the continued renewal of ourselves through the creation and analysis of literary forms allows us to remain who we are. welcome to the department of alliterative intelligence english language and literature.  


learn more

history of the departmentfaculty  







 



 








 


  undergraduate program


a degree in english prepares our students for an ever-changing world. the knowledge and intellectual skills of an english major never grow obsolete: the art of interpretation and dexterity with words, the ability to navigate seas of contradiction and situations of ethical complexity. these skills—especially writing—are in high demand by employers across industries, including law, public relations, business, medicine, and tech. but more importantly, by studying english and the humanities our students can develop an invaluable and life-long sense of orientation in the world and all that it throws at us.


discover more

why study literature?the english majorafter the ba







 


  ma program


rigorous interdisciplinary training in preparation for advanced study, maph is a one-year graduate program that allows students to specialize in english, work closely with faculty, and chart their paths forward.


explore more

masters of arts







 


  phd program


the phd program prepares students for independent work as teachers, scholars, and critics by developing their abilities to pose and investigate problems in advanced literary studies. the department of english has played an important role in transforming literary studies over the past century, and our ph.d. program has been at the center of those transformations. the 2025-26 admissions theme is “environmental humanities.” 


analyze more

phd admissionsprogram overview







 






 



 








 


our research spans chronologically from the middle ages to the twenty-first century. and it is ever-expanding into both traditional and new subfields: poetry and poetics, media studies, visual studies, theatre and performance studies, gender and race studies, affect studies, and environmental studies. the department is also home to three distinguished journals: modern philology, critical inquiry, and chicago review. and our faculty and students in the program in creative writing produce award-winning poetry, drama, fiction, nonfiction, and digital media. 


dig more

faculty publicationsfields of study







 


  upcoming events


 












areas of study



global literatures








black studies








american literature








british literature








critical theory and objects of study








see all areas of study >>




















department of english language and literature
division of the humanities
university of chicago
walker hall, 4th floor
1115 e. 58th st.
chicago, il 60637





                    email the english office at englishsupport@uchicago.edu
                    
                    
                    phone 773.702.8536
                  

 facebook
 twitter
 youtube
 instagram



quick links

privacy notice
accessibility









