







home - syracuse university libraries digital collections







































































































































































































































































































            you are logged in as a cms user.
            

return to site manager

x










keyboard shortcuts







                back
                skip to main content

keyboard shortcuts


skip to main content










keyboard shortcuts can be used to navigate aspects of this site without a mouse or cursor. 

when viewing a object, select or tab into the image viewer and use the following controls to manipulate the image.




move up: w or [up arrow] 

move down: s or [down arrow]
                                

move left: a or [left arrow]
                                

move right: d or [right arrow]
                                

return to centre: 0
                                

zoom in: = or [shift] + w or [shift] + [up arrow]
                                

zoom out: - or [shift] + s or [shift] + [down arrow]
                                

rotate clockwise: r
                                

rotate counterclockwise: r
                                

flip horizontally: f
                                








back

ok








back

ok





skip to main content




skip to main content








        hello,   | my account: logout


        my account: logout | restricted content: logout


        my account: logout | restricted content: approved ip address
    

        hello,   | my account: logout | restricted content: logout


        hello,   | my account: logout | restricted content: approved ip address
    

        you are able to view restricted content due to your approved ip address
    

        you are logged in to view restricted content: logout









                close
                skip to main content

my account login


skip to main content








my account allows searches and documents to be saved across any am or am quartex powered site. my account is a free and optional service provided by am.

don't have an account? register for free


email



password









forgotten password?




please enter the email address you use for your personal quartex account. a link to reset your password will be emailed to this address.


email address



            if you haven't received an email within 24 hours, please contact support@quartexcollections.com








back to login





close










close







skip to main content












search




search...


search




advanced search











share



facebook



twitter



email








my account





switch to high contrast







menu









                                home
	            



                                about
                                    




about


our digital library


potentially harmful content


usage policies and practices


search tips


other repositories







                                explore our collections
                                    




explore our collections


special collections


university archives


general collections


all collections alphabetically







                                explore all objects
	            



                                explore digital exhibitions
	            




                    more
                    




















discover the libraries' 
distinctive digital content.


search


search the application





advanced search









check out our featured collections








 marcel breuer digital archive


the marcel breuer digital archive (mbda) represents a collaborative effort headed by syracuse university libraries to digitize drawings, blueprints, photographs, correspondence, and other materials related to the life and work of marcel breuer (1902 -1981), one of the most influential architects and furniture designers of the twentieth century. 












the plastics collection


the digitized plastics collection at syracuse university libraries is comprised of images from our extensive plastics artifacts collection, photographs and drawings from plastics engineer, edwin f. bushman, a full run of the antique comb collector's club newsletters, and images from the syracuse ornamental company (syroco) catalogs.












syracuse university glass plate negative collection


the images in this collection cover a wide range of syracuse university history between the 1890s and the 1950s, including the campus grounds and surrounding area, athletic events, student traditions, and the students' army training corps of the first world war.












syracuse insurance atlases collection


this collection contains the 1908, 1924, and 1938 insurance atlases of syracuse ny published by g.m. hopkins and co. of philadelphia, pa and the 1892 insurance atlas of syracuse ny by j.w. vose & company.


















not sure where to start?
note: collections are still undergoing description so not all materials in the digital library may be reflected in search results.
 
select one or more terms from the categories below to explore our collections. as you select your terms, the number of results are displayed next to the search button.
 
multiple terms selected within a single search category are run as an or search, which means search results may include any of the selected terms.
terms selected from multiple categories are run as an and search, which means that all selected terms are required for a search result.
 
 








clear tag


















close the browser







previous letters




 





next letters

















view previous items





view more items





skip to main content








search




clear














give us your feedback!


we make every effort to ensure our digital collections are fully accessible to our users. even so, some users may encounter accessibility challenges. for example, screenreader and power keyboard users may encounter issues with navigation and faceting. please contact the libraries' accessibility specialist if you require remediation of particular content. thank you for your patience while we work diligently with our vendor to further enhance accessibility of our content as well as your user experience.
please submit any additional comments or questions about our site through our feedback form.




give us your feedback!


we make every effort to ensure our digital collections are fully accessible to our users. even so, some users may encounter accessibility challenges. for example, screenreader and power keyboard users may encounter issues with navigation and faceting. please contact the libraries' accessibility specialist if you require remediation of particular content. thank you for your patience while we work diligently with our vendor to further enhance accessibility of our content as well as your user experience.
please submit any additional comments or questions about our site through our feedback form.












header background image: a view of the syracuse university "old row" (undated) from the syracuse university glass plate negative collection.







header background image: a view of the syracuse university "old row" (undated) from the syracuse university glass plate negative collection.



















                                                        syracuse university libraries
                                                    


222 waverly ave., syracuse, new york 13244


315.443.2093


get help

email digital library


ask scrc a question


email libraries' reference desk


additional links

special collections research center


surface institutional repository





more information

policies


privacy


accessibility


inclusion


accreditation


for donors



staff only (login required)


























further website navigation


contact


copyright


terms of use





powered by

























this is from the quartex-front-end repo. 


