


florida keys news.. key west register 













   keywestregister.com   the first official news of key west/florida keys/caribbean & the gulf streamä




 
  floridakeys.us  keywestregister.com  islamorada.us  keylargo.us  the news watchdogs for the keys
         
keywestregister.com  -  florida keys morning news floridakeys.us  feb/14/2025





keys  fishing

keys  property

keys  events

keys  governance 

stocks / business 

keys  society





   hulacane   |   florida keys news.. key west register   |   stocks   |   key largo.us news   |   islamorada.us news    |   marathon news   |   key west news   |   food & dining   |   entertainment   |   keys fish journal   |   dive info   |   community   |   sharkfest    |   store   |   opinion   |   classifieds   |   contacts   |   kw inst.
florida lottery    keys weather radar   financial marketsnyse cbot nasdaq stockpie.com  kwr translator
(www.eyw.us) 24-33-13n 081-87-13w 5m / keys 82 degrees ______    
"words gathered together for truth"ä -key west registerä...


      'equity chomping  termites'?ä         

"it would be so nice if something would make sense for a change" -alice ('alice in wonderland')
"the first panacea for a mismanaged nation is inflation of the currency; the second is war.  both bring a temporary prosperity; both bring a 
permanent ruin.  but both are the refuge of political & economic opportunists." -ernest hemingway
 conchfest™.com... "liv'n at the end of the old water pipe"™    eyw.us  world daily earthquakes & 'real time'
floridakeys.us'bikini kimmi™' adventures: "favorite conchville™ nation conchcoction™? spikedwater™ 'naked'! maybe-maybe not! 
   news from floridakeys.us & the rest of the civilized worldä

please consider our environment before you print this enewspaper        'always a party!'ä  floridakeys.us!
 "first in florida keys news"©  ...first texted'™ & pdf paper for 'the limited kwtd select' 
 special note: kwr's 50 annual $15,500usd advisory investflag'™/stockpie.com memberships are closed - wait-list is available for 1 september 2025.
first est. key west 1829... 'first in florida keys news'   

...key west register... truth: a revolutionary idea! ä
         drive safe in    the florida keys!
 
'canes/storms indicate major floridakeys' infrastructure needs & dollars$!?
'governments try to control nature'... 'and end up imploding markets & budgets'....
'costello: look, you gotta pitcher on team? abbott: now wouldn't this be a fine team without a pitcher. costello: the pitcher's name. 
abbott: tomorrow. costello: you don't wanna tell me today?" - who's on first? by abbott & costello *'wish upon a star!... but you will not pass go' ™
-coral future?: silent killer is spreading in caribbean... 'stony coral tissue loss disease'... in twenty-two species
-oyster fisherman claim: almost all they dredge up is dead... near 'biloxi' in louisiana! algae bloom? & future?
-sharks 'road to extinction'? seventeen of fifty-eight species evaluated/classed 'facing extinction' sharkfest
-mako sharks: the secret of how the mako shark swims so fast...their scales adjust/flexible removing drag
-sharks have personality!..."individual sharks had distinct & consistent responses... phys.org"-sharkfest
-never-before-seen viruses... unusual dna... discovered in ocean waters... ten million in single millilitre
-lick free? u.s. postal service $more billions in losses/fiscal year? - 'forever' stamp prices... 'lik-m-aid'?
-florida! rapid evolution of natve lizard species!... result caused from invading species... phys.org
-underwater discovery reveals 14,550 year-old florida mastodon hunters...
-researchers orbit a muon around an atom... confirm physics is broken...?
-divevandy.com recommends this article! for 'cold water divers'
florida keys toll bridges in  the future? & a new slogan?..!
 'floridakeys.us golden $$$ rainbow highway ä'
"key west register... protecting the floridakeys.us from invasionä" -kwtdä
"fu bu guo san dai" (wealth never survives three generations) -chinese proverb

  read key west the dog's 'daily bone'! "today's  bone™":   
     "& looking for that trophy might take a recalibrating of your compass?... 'south by south-west'?!  click... -kwtd™
-news commentary at twitter.com/keywestthedog

    "words gathered together for truth"ä -key west registerä                        
     
key west register does not track any of our readers!... other websites do!   
  keep your web privacy! passwords, payments, & privacy: blurabine.com the 
   all-in-one solution for managing your online life & protecting your private info!
   kwtd™of kwr™uses!
                                   sharkfest™!... research & 'the original shark friends™'  &... 

      
    atlantic shark identification workshops 2025? info on dates... noaa.org
college football best bets! - 2025 *kenogirl™ game selectscores! 'smtyo™' score more than your opponent!
college football champions!...  ohio state 
send game & bowl picks to pick@kenogirl.com & 'football trifecta talk™' -kenogirl
- follow 'select scores' updates on twitter.com/keywestthedog -
no 'canes threaten eyw.us... 'hold on to your coconuts™"'blowing bubbles™'-hurricane whisperer™ 
updates on all 'disturbances' click arrow(& updates at twitter.com/keywestthedog
*florida keys area dopler radar* 
'it is always time to prepare the sand castles at the end of the old waterpipe™" -hurricanewhisperer™'.com
key west register corp., hurricane whisperer (.com) & strategic planning.us corp. assumes no responsibility for any losses, 
    damages or liability whatsoever suffered or incurred by any person, resulting from or attributable to the use of the information published on this site.  
            user is using this information at his/her sole risk.


       morning run to u.s.?...'cuban 2024 boatingseason & 'high (hi!) season' is now! for $!
              'the cruise to u.s.' from cuba! so if you hear; "esta es la guarda costa!" from the sky... you will not 'pass go & collect $200'!
                                   "from a sliver of blue sky amongst the thundering storms the flight path of leadership & a leader will emerge."

-skycowboy.com
when harry truman left office... he was offered many positions... his response: "you don't want me.  you want the office
of the president, and that doesn't belong to me.  it belongs to the american people and it's not for sale."
-harry s. truman / 33rd president / united states of america.
"words gathered together for truth"ä -key west registerä... 

 "it's almost worth the great depression to learn how little our big men know." -will rogers

 "a free people ought not only to be armed and disciplined, but they should have sufficient arms and   
ammunition to maintain a status of independence from any who might attempt to abuse them, which would include 
their own government" -george washington

                        "kwtd's best! stone crab season: oct. 15-may 15! & lobster season: aug. 6 to march 31!   
                                  kwtd's 'tickle the bugs out™!' & 'bugbutter™!' initiatives... special note: both claws can be harvested lawfully... 
                                  (one moment of bliss-) if they are of legal size. but... although it is currently lawful to harvest both of a stone crab's 
                                  claws this practice leaves the stone crab with few alternatives to defend itself from predators! support! key west 
                                  register's & oceansafe.org initiative: 'defend a stone & leave a claw!™' at participating floridakeys.us & caribe 
                                  merchants!...program by: key west register & kwi group - thank you for participation! see you in 'conchville'! 

also! fishwatch.gov! ...provides 'science-based' facts... sustainable choices.
                              wpt season "fun!"... 'expedition las vegas™' reports!... & worldsbestpokerrooms.com casino views! 

wpt rolling thunder championship, march 16-19, thunder valley casino resort. 1200 athens avenue, lincoln, ca 95648. usa
wpt season schedule at wpt.com - "player favorite reviews & reader's poll": pick wpt (.com) top tour!
 us1poker.com
                             "kwtd's e'-newsletter™"                                          dive! 522 ft long!
                            note:  'this is not tax deductable' 'exclusive subscriptions'                                  'vandy'! uss gen. hoyt s. vandenberg rests
                                                   at a depth of 140 feet & 7 miles off eyw.us (24.27 n. latitude - 81.44 w. longitude) divevandy.com
                                                                                      "florida keys beach/water quality report"...state of fl
                                 defending freedom will have 'noise cost'!     
                                navy updates review: 'environs impacts' from f/a-18 & new f-35c fighter aircraft?... various operations will continue
                                to intensify in the keys & around the boca chica area... "as the world seems to be 'gyrating' into more conflicts it is
                                understandable that u.s. military will heighten training"-kwr note.  support & defend our freedom & someday?:

      "every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies, in the final sense, a theft from 
        those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed."  
        -president dwight d. eisenhower

                                            
                                                      assortments inc. 514 fleming st. - fine men's clothing (shop our friends!) 294.4066
                                                      oragami sushi bar & japanese res. 1075 duval/c3 - best sushi! (shop our friend!) 294.0092
                                                      nail bar & lounge 1075 duval/c4 - greatest place to pamper yourself! (shop our friend) 433.1290
                                                      island dogs bar 505 front st. - mojitos! & 'dog paw embossed' floor! 295.0501
                                                      hoist up & drink & be happy! with the new official fourth edition kwtd 'keyscup'ä 3/2025!
                                                      shop all year long at floridakeys.us 'quality merchants' for great products & values !
                                                      key west register supports a 'voluntary wealth redistribution plan'!... how? ...by shopping at 

floridakeys.us merchants all year long!  - watch this list grow!
                                                           “many a small thing has been made large by the right kind of advertising" -mark twain
                                   key west the dogä approved merchants!       
                                                                                                   "liv'n at the end of the old water pipe™"
                                                                                           
                          casitas in florida keys sanctuary endanger lobsters/habitat... casitas spanish for “little house” 
                           creates problems in keys... when placed in the seagrass beds of the florida keys national marine sanctuary, would 
                           be the perfect home for the spiny lobster (absent the picket fence). but this artificial habitat makes easy pickings for
                           poachers to harvest thousands of lobsters a day, & it’s destroying the seagrass beds & hardbottom communities that
                           lobsters, fish, and other marine life need to survive. enforcement of casitas has been a top management priority for
                           florida keys national marine sanctuary for a number of years. noaa law enforcers have removed more than 2,000
                           of these illegal structures. while the actual number of illegal casitas is unknown, there are reliable estimates that as
                           many as 20,000 have been placed throughout the sanctuary and adjacent waters. this info provided by noaa.
                                             first est. key west 1829... 'first in florida keys news' 
                           invasion!... lions!  now tigers  and  in future?  bears?... will 'key west pinks' be attacked?
                           as per noaa: "watching invasion!" - "asian tiger shrimp sightings prompts scientific look at invasion concerns. the 
                           recent sightings of non-native asian tiger shrimp off the u.s. atlantic & gulf of mexico coasts has government scientists
                           working to determine the cause of the increase and the possible consequences for native fish and seafood in those 
                           waters. researchers from the u.s. geological survey and national oceanic & atmospheric administration are working 
                           with state agencies from north carolina to texas to look into how this transplanted species from indo-pacific, asian &
                           australian waters reached u.s. waters, and what the increase in sightings means for native species. noaa scientists are
                           launching a research effort to understand more about the biology of these shrimp & how they may affect the ecology 
                           of native fisheries and coastal ecosystems. as with all non-native species, there are concerns over the potential for novel
                           avenues of disease transmission and competition with native shrimp stocks, especially given the high growth rates &
                           spawning rates compared with other species."  see noaa.org for more info... & lionfish continue to menace  the keys!
                                                                                                                          -oceansafe.org
                         noaa fisheries workshops: protected species & sharks!
                           noaa fisheries announces workshops on atlantic shark identification & protected species release, disentanglement,
                           & identification in april, may, & june (contact noaa) free atlantic shark identification workshops & protected species 
                           safe handling, release, and identification workshops will be held in spring/summer during the year. certain fishermen
                           and shark dealers are required to attend a workshop to meet regulatory requirements and maintain valid permits.
                           specifically, the atlantic shark identification workshop is mandatory for all federally permitted atlantic shark dealers.
                           the protected species safe handling, release, & identification workshop is mandatory for vessel owners & operators 
                           who use bottom longline, pelagic longline, or gillnet gear, and who have also been issued shark or swordfish limited 
                           access permits. additional free workshops will be conducted during 2025?... and will be announced in a future notice 
                           more info at noaa.gov & sharkfest.com 'researcch white papers' being developed by org bahamasinstitute.com
                           ..."saving sharks!" - conchfestä & sharkfest.com are: research & celebrations for 'saving our fragile marine 
                           ...noaa advises anyone seeing a stranded dolphin in  gulf of mexico - call... & keep pets away! 
                           updates nov '24: "study shows some gulf dolphins severely ill"... bottlenose dolphins in barataria bay, louisiana, 
                           are showing signs of severe ill health, according to noaa marine mammal biologists and their local, state, federal &
                           other research partners. barataria bay, located in the northern gulf of mexico, received heavy & prolonged exposure 
                           to oil during the deepwater horizon oil spill.  based on comprehensive physicals of 32 live dolphins from barataria bay 
                           in the past summers, preliminary results show that many of the dolphins in the study are underweight, anemic, have 
                           low blood sugar and/or some symptoms of liver and lung disease. nearly half also have abnormally low levels of the
                           hormones that help with stress response, metabolism and immune function. researchers fear that some of the study
                           dolphins are in such poor health that they will not survive. ...noaa and its local, state and federal partners started 
                           the barataria bay dolphin study in past as part of the natural resource damage assessment (nrda), the process for
                           studying the effects of the deepwater horizon oil spill. noaa is sharing the preliminary results from the study so that
                           stranding responders and veterinarians can better care for live stranded dolphins... dolphin phone  877.942.5343   -

                                                                                                                                                                             sharkfest.com
                               oil barrel price! +/-$70wti ?! & future?!  "i need to shift & drink a hulacane™ !"                                                                                                                                           
                                        "i don't remember the first cigar i ever smoked.  it couldn't have been a very good one though, otherwise the first 
                                                                   fellow who had it wouldn't have thrown it away so soon" -mark twain
                          click   jason carder's 'coming home' - review:  onboard 'fighting joan marie', 
                           a mako 284 offshore fishing machine, our day had ended chasing marlin in the gulf stream under the stars.  as the sky
                           sparkled near cay sal bank, bahamas we drifted and began to enjoy a 'fuente fuente forbidden x' as well as the 
                           contents of a just opened bottle of grand marnier cent cinquantenaire.  captain cuba (.com) brought a great cd by
                           artist jason carder - 'coming home'... as the magical tones of jason carder's cornet danced the gulf stream sky we were
                           mesmerized by the selections of "the very thought of you", "misty" and "amazing grace"!... & others!  this "debut album
                           'coming home' was inspired by his return to the place where he was raised and to the classic songs that made him fall in 
                           love with jazz."   this cd blends the talents of jason carder (trumpet, cornet & flugelhorn) with jeff haskell on the piano,
                           bruce winston  playing saxophone and chuck bergeron on the bass.  we suggest that you add this to your 'collection of
                           stars'... 'coming home' has achieved key west register's highest rating of 'five stars'! (note: support our great artists! )

                         nasa's 'curiosity' rover on mars! and discovers life?nasa.gov
                           ? over the next few months & years, we will learn a lot more about the consequences of the 'flooding dollars'!  
                           "the money powers prey upon the nation in times of peace, and conspire against it in times of adversity.  it is more
                           despotic than monarchy, more insolent than autocracy, more selfish than bureaucracy. i see in the near future a crisis
                           approaching that unnerves me and causes me to tremble for the safety of my country. corporations have been 
                           enthroned, an era of corruption will follow & the money power of the country will endeavor and prolong its reign by 
                           working upon the prejudices of the people, until the wealth is aggregated into a few hands and the republic is 

destroyed." -abraham lincoln 1864...   ' world is flat! ...broke!ä '
    floridakeys.us...'where rainbows & dolphins meet to watch sunsets"ä
"make sustainable seafood choices!" -oceansafe.org
                             "key west to cuba flights   to be filed!" -u.s. customs    
                           ...provided u.s. regulations are followed & properly licensed as per requirements for travel between the two 
                           countries... at this time due to limitations of key west international airport... flights will be restricted to a maximum 

of ten passengers.  service eyw to hav to commence soon!
                         monroe county commission continues party: "gone wild"! tax $$$?  
                           visitors on fish caught & pay a toll to enter keys?.. revenues go to toilet flushes for all? & key west garbage rates up? 
                           & so are the key west city commission salaries/benefits... voted to increase their own 'pay levels'... of course city
                           manager did a study on the commission issue for his bosses?... comparing compensations with other municipalities...
                           question was raised!... did they not know what they would be paid when they 'ran' for commission seats? & maybe
                           they could actually 'govern' different from other 'cash starved' municipalities and take 'no' cash for their positions?
                           *editors note: city of key west should follow recycling plan by a las vegas casino group!  support 'soap recycling'!
                           leftover bars of soap are sterilized & remanufactured... sent to needy areas throughout the world! cleanup world!
                           key west the dog... has been inducted into the key west sporting club.... first founded 1939 - kwsc.us

"...remember: 'you've got a lot of friends when you got candy!'™"-kwtd


                         the secret treasure of southwest cay'    
                                   ...a caribbean atoll (14n16, 80w24) & past u.s. territory?  ...a mystery  ...a treasure  ...a exposé 
                                   ...a key west institute™ released  'white paper: southwestcay™' at kwr site.
                         & in past! a county commissioner wanted to turn mth (marathon airport) into a casino!... 
                           for a revenue source? ...& 'trailer trash'? marathon city had first offices in trailers!  maybe high stakes
                           no-limit hold'em poker games at mth (airport) did not fund the permanent 'hurricane proof buildings'? was mth
                           originally native american ground?...then?  guess what? county & city could continue to inflate budgets & spend.

a 'mth' icon   returns!?

                                               islamorda 'incorporated' to keep... out?  but clowns need a place too?
                         islamorda was 'incorporated' to keep mcdonald's out?!... & 
                           sewers debated for years... now village citizens getting 'plunged' & sewer flows will go 'over the fence' to key  largo!
                           & after raising taxes and hiring a 'large' village staff... 'shtf' as council will have to face escalating costs! &..."i 
                           sound my barbaric yawp over the roofs of the world" -walt whitman"... &... "it is time to cut our area's costs & be
                           managed again by the county" -30 year islamorada resident & "council lost in space!" -past village councilperson

key west register's exclusive info soon!

                                                                                                    
                             first est. key west 1829... 'first in florida keys news'      read! 'kwtd' 
                             gossippurple hazeville daze™: "the sportfshing captal of world! tax per lb. on fish catches" -a commish

                          u.s. beaches... major pollution concerns?  florida keys water quality report for our beaches   
                           ...and also... so you like conch fritters? "noaa seeks public comment on proposed measures to address overfishing 
                           of queen conch in the u.s. caribbean noaa fisheries seeks public comment on a proposed rule that would 
                           implement measures to address overfishing of caribbean queen conch in the u.s. caribbean. this rule would extend 
                           the queen conch seasonal closure from 3 months to 5 months, and prohibit fishing for & possession of queen conch in 
                           or from the caribbean exclusive economic zone (eez) east of 64°34' w. longitude, which includes lang bank east of 
                           st. croix, u.s. virgin islands, when harvest and possession of queen conch is prohibited in st. croix territorial waters 
                           as a result of a territorial quota closure. the intended effects of this proposed rule are to prevent additional fishing
                           pressure on queen conch in the u.s. caribbean, and to improve enforcement of regulations affecting the queen 
                           conch resource by improving compatibility among federal and territorial regulations. "... go to noaa website for 
                           more information or to submit a comment... also another source is http://caribbeanfmc.com  ...& remember kwr's
                                                                                                   bugbutter™ when cooking the queens!
                                               united states environmental protection agency... 'kwtd' says: "always be prepared!" - epa's radnet
                                                                     air monitors u.s. fluctuations in background radiation levels -u.s. epa... 
                                                                                                               epa site interprets data       
                          protecting wild dolphins! from sonar effects testing, ship hits & oil spills?  "helpour friends!"
                           update jan 2021... in past: as per noaa finds bacterial infection as cause of death for 5 northern gulf dolphins;
                           investigation continues ...pathology experts contracted by noaa have identified the bacteria brucella in five
                           bottlenose dolphins that died in the northern gulf of mexico. these five are among the 580 dolphins in higher than
                           expected strandings that began in february 2010 and are continuing. noaa has declared it an “unusual mortality
                           event,” triggering a focused, expert investigation into the cause. noaa is working with a team of marine mammal
                           health experts, including veterinarians, epidemiologists, biologists & toxicologists, to investigate the cause of death 
                           for as many of the 580 dolphins as possible.  ...brucella are commonly found in populations of marine & terrestrial
                           animals throughout the world, but infection in humans is rare in the u.s., and there are no documented u.s. cases 
                           of brucella in humans originating from marine sources. noaa advises anyone who sees a stranded dolphin in the 
                           gulf of mexico region to call 1-877-whale help (877.942.5343). the stranded dolphin should not be touched, and 
                           pets should be kept away from the dolphin as well.  in addition, cooking seafood kills the brucella bacterium, and 
                           as there have been only 3cases globally linking brucella infection to consumption of raw seafood, there is minimal 
                           risk of exposure to humans through seafood consumption.  ...& past dolphin news: "noaa scientists participate in 
                           the behavioral response study of cetaceans to navy sonar, southern california scientists from noaa's southwest
                           fisheries science center are participating in a navy sponsored study known as socal-10, biological and behavioral
                           response studies of marine mammals in southern california. socal-10 is designed to measure the response of
                           cetaceans to navy mid-frequency sonar and, potentially, other sounds sources.  this project is a collaboration with
                           researchers at noaa, cascadia research, duke university, woods hole oceanographic institute, scripps institution 
                           of oceanography... & navy researchers."  editor's note on gulf oil spill as well as the continued 'take/sonar testing' 
                           off of fl in bahamas area (in addition to southern california tests) & oceansafe.org response: we applaud all 
                           efforts to protect marine mammals! however noaa states; "although severely limited in our continued ability to 
                           move dolphins out of their natural habitats in response to the oil spill"...oceansafe.org as well as other orgs believe 
                           that most of the dolphins can be relocated to 'safe wild areas'  that are in 'non-sonar testing take areas' in the 
                           bahamas & other caribbean locations - funds are an excuse?  -also note: the term'take' refers to harming & death 
                           to these creatures. oil sllicks? ...as capt. 'cb' king said to kwr reporter: "it is not the right type of conch cook'n oil
                           for 'keys pinks' (shrimp)!"   all donations to key west institute will be distributed to such orgs equally that facilitate 
                           the efforts to relocate 'dolphins'... donations? checks to: key west institute corp. p.o. box 1119, key west, fl, 33041 
                                                                  (not a federal tax exempt deduction & are kept confidential           
                                                                       
                                       'sailfish club'                                      
                                                  (sign years past... at the bight in eyw.us)                   prepared for hurricane season?... remember your boat!
                                         united states environmental protection agency lists u.s. drinking water contaminant limits ...full list here! !

    "if you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you.  this is the principal difference between 
a dog and a man." -mark twain
biosecurity nanotect™  "detect dog™ service dogs" for facility verification/detection & notification  certified by uswdä 

 updates at www.twitter.com/keywestthedog  *news watchdog for the keys*





 "fried key west on a stick™"...& readers' opinions! 
floridakeys.us has 42 bridges! "stairway to heaven"! ("escalera al cieloa")    "liv'n at the end of the old water pipe™" "get your piece of the pie!" -market caution! stock 'picks'?: xom/rgr/jnj & gold coins?

('picks' info is provided by stockpie.com - a professional advisor should be consulted before investing!)


listen ...   home talk !!!   with host michael king... the cajun contractor
 www.hometalk.info  click on the "home talk logo" above to listen... 'archives & updates' 24/7/365!
"it is the mission of 'home talk' to help men & women around the country with their home questions..."








      the register's dueling writers column... on the rest of the civilized world

                                  corner talk:"sewers duval st. are labeled 'flows to sea' so i don't pee & pollute        truman  the dog
                                  there" -bar patron.  sidewalkscribbles™ -written on the street at the corner of olivia st & emma "lost cat two
                                  toned/brown and white, his name is 'cat', please call  294.xxxx" ...soon! more key west the dog 'street quotes' 
                                                                                                           ...sidewalkscribbles™
                           the yachtsman's guide for bahamas & u.s.v.i.     
                        get the "yachtsman's guide to the bahamas! & yachtsman's guide to the virgin islands... finest authoritative 
                        resources for all cruising these caribbean regions!"-- kwr ...updated and published annually since 1950 with the
                        endorsement and sponsorship of the bahamas ministry of tourism. nearly 500 pages chocked full of useful island
                        boating information including detailed tips on how to cross the gulf stream, where to stay, and what to do. includes
                        sketch charts, aerial and ground photographs, and detailed information... key west register's 'research affiliate' the 
                        bahamas institute group always has this book down below in the chart room for the 'joan marie' during all kwr bahamas
                        research expeditions as well as the 'cruising guide to the virgin islands' which is a "must have" for expert mariners!
                        key west register has not found better guides for those cruising or those just wanting wonderful reading! click icons!
                          'past & future?... " you've got a lot of friends when you got candy!™ "   
                            " it is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the ones most responsive to change." 
                                                                                                                    - charles darwin
                  





  in the keys: "free beer tomorrow"...now just a memory! 
column: keys politics, keys institutions & those who should be in one! ...updated mar. 2019
"some where over the rainbow"?... key west register supports all citizens getting involved in the keys governance process...  it is time to be 'economically correct' and to grab the rainbow with the pot of gold for the future of floridakeys.us... here are suggestions in a 'coconut shell'... in key west duval area: close duval st. to traffic and make it pedestrian friendly in evenings (or 24/7 ?)... add some tropical greenery on duval street?... stagger visitor traffic from cruise ships to different 'dropoffs'... create 'conchvilleä steel drum ambassador performers' to meet the cruise ships... (yes-they could distribute coupons too!)... & truman waterfront development? -make whole design an 'upscale small street village' with residential, shops, dining & entertainment... the future dictates that the time has passed for non-revenue producing albatrosses ... all truman waterfront decisions should be made on 'commercial basis methods'... & smile conut palms and place large five foot terra cotta pots along u.s.1... cleanup the 'lady' (african queen) and make her a shrine & festival... slow traffic to 30 mph & smile more!  islamorada: enrich off synergies... acquire properties across from worldwide sportsman all the way down to green turtle inn & make a mini park area honoring sportfishing (large bronze sailfish)... make that region a pedestrian area & incentives for adjacent merchant property investments... attempt more locals to 'think pink' & paint more buildings pink (of course 'morada' tambien) & smile more!  marathon: place new quality 'welcome' signage of 'large stone material' at city limits... marathon airport? -solicit a restaurateur of 'keys cuisine' & promote even for car travelers going farther south... vegetation needed as well as 7 mile bridge notations throughout the city (bridge to keys heaven!) & smile more!  lower keys-big pine: simply, a small bronze of a key deer & 'family park stop' adjacent to u.s.1... & smile more! "times are chang'n"... make sure the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow is 'banked' in the floridakeys.us!... & smile more!... “well, i reckon i got to light out for the territory ahead of the rest because aunt sally she's going to adopt me and civilize me and i can't stand it. i  been there before.”

-huckleberry finn/mark twain...  & "smile more!ä"
  the jose marti gold freedom medal: awarded annually  - the key west institute  
      
 floridakeys.us ...'where rainbows & dolphins meet to watch sunsetsä'







                                  

'kw register' first morning news ...'kwr'- fabricantes de amigos

     key west register & kwtd reports las vegas!  us1poker.comä
                                        
                            hellmuth! big '18' at 2025 wsop?  'tables of dreams'!'star' humberto 'the shark' brenes & #2? '

         -poker territoryä reports by -us1poker.comä ...'finger' for photos of poker tournaments worldwide... 
          & updates! @ twitter.com/keywestthedog





 conchcoctionä byline!... a bikini girl & hot stiletto heels!... &? 
column: daily! by a 'certified conchcoctionä mixologist'... bikini kimmi blends conch rum-nut libations garnished with key west hot chicken wings & the 'floridakeys.us bikini news' catching fish-food-drinks-divas-& politicos! bikini kimmi has received numerous letters/emails on the subject of her dimensions... bikini kimmi recently said at a    press conference in key west that she is one inch bigger on top than everyones favorite 'doll' - barbie!... "if barbie was 'life size' her measurements would be 39-23-33... i beat her by a mile... oops!... i mean an inch... 40-23-33!

...read my daily column in 2022!
    watch 'sunset' from key west the dogs's favorite bar!

floridakeys.us ...'where rainbows & dolphins meet to watch sunsetsä'







                                      floridakeys.us road finds'! a keys classic! ... at 7 mile bridge in marathon! 

                                     florida#2!  in marijuana home factories! 
                                        & florida is considering making the herb salvia divinorum illegal... florida bill would make 'salvia' and its extract 
                                        controlled substances in the same class as marijuana & lsd... felony punishable by up to five years in prison!  florida
                                        passed law back in 2008... if you get caught growing 25 plants (old threshhold 100 plants) you can get a maximum 
                                        of 30 years in jail dependiing on various criteria -check with local law enforcement authorities for details & updates?!

 "the more people smoke herb, the more babylon fall" -bob marle
 loss of keys history?  overseas liquor & lounge                         
                                          good days reignited? (known historically as 'overseas lodge') ... in the lodge's prime it had             fish more!
                                          hotel rooms and offered some of the best 'turtle steak dinners' in the florida keys... fate of building in the future?

      
                                          key west commission highlights & economics... 'annex waves'?          
                                          & past history: eaton st. garden area to be removed & navy road restored after many years!         trusted news!
                                          "$33,101.99 for roadway extension and sidewalk along eaton street from the truman annex property line to
                                          truman harbor at the truman waterfront by charley toppino and sons"... & truman annex gets less 'exclusive'?
                                          ... well probably so with the proposed 'slip n' slide?' water park next door at truman waterfront that would 
                                          have plastic tubes and other rides? (i.e. daytona beach & myrtle beach!)... other ideas for the 6+ acres premium 
                                          u.s. waterfront property includes a planned village containing housing and academical enrichment regions... ?
                                          update: truman waterfront land 'contaminated'? and also a large mega yacht project proposed for area?
                                          & 'key west city classic past archives: heard in audience at a past meeting -'rooster war' is escalating... 
                                          asst. city mgr. has made chicken recommendations... referencing the excess chicken population in key west he 
                                          indicated that the animals cannot be tortured (geneva convention guidelines?) breaking necks seems to be ok?
                                            note: citizens should call city offices for proper 'rooster control actions'!    
                                          "key west is perhaps unique, too, but?       
                                          in its tough,survival-oriented constitution, which is also unfortunately currently accompanied by a pessimistic, 
                                          even depressive social psychology.  hope about the future of kw was totally & conspicuously lacking in survey
                                          responses"  -- as per gustavus adolphus college/st. peter, mn - prof karen larson in the final report on key 
                                          west worker satisfaction presented to the city of key west.  (note: 'the register' mentioned these findings to a
                                          another random survey group of workers... 8 out of 10 said they were going to duval st. to get a 'hulacane'ä & 
                                          the other 2 surveyed said they'd go get a 'team mojito'ä) & visit stock island 24°34'12" north, 81°44'15" west...

floridakeys.us  "where the sun chases the moon" ä
             
                                                       preserve!                                        research!                            educate!

the first official news of key west/florida keys/caribbean & the gulf streamä
                                                                     'fest past highlights & weird-shotsä'always party!'ä   floridakeys.us!
                                            missed us again! time for a drink! a hulacane™ daiquiri! "born in the eye™, 2oz rum & 
                                          sugarcane stalk, 2oz sweet & sour mix, secret ingredient, 1oz pineapple juice, shake in a circular motion over ice and strain
                                          into a chilled martini glass, garnish with wedge of lime...."was drinking another of the frozen daiquiris with no sugar in it &
                                          as he lifted it, heavy and the glass frost-rimmed, he looked at the clear part below & the frapped top and it reminded him

of the sea."  a hulacane™ conchcoction™ ?

notable festivals: fantasy fest/key west 10/17/2025 - 10/26/2025 !
                 tattooed 'keys'feeling'! 
 "clothes make the man... naked people have little or no influence on society." -mark twain    
  eclipse stateä - floridakeys.us " news from floridakeys.us and the rest of the civilized world " ä




             

news! national/florida/caribe/asia/ & europe 'poker views column' 
by tbonedogä  & "tboned pokerä "-trademarks of key west register corp.
wsop® in las vegas, nv 2025 main event?: $10,000 no-limit hold'em... info at wsop.com
   
   
   

collage of poker events around the world 

                              

us1poker.com 'road to turns & rivers'ä   & other news from the poker territory™
bottom rt.(headband) antonio esfiandari winner july 2012 largest poker game in history $18,346,773
note any photos from a wpt® event are indicated by: "world poker tour clip/photo courtesy of wpt enterprises, inc. 
& any still photo from a  wpt® event stated as: "photos copyrighted & owned by wpt enterprises, inc." (wsop) 
& its related trademark owned by caesars interactive entertainment,inc.
       world poker tour    poker news    card player

                                         

vegas 'possibles' our fun picks to play! (nevada) feb.'25 megabucks wheel of fortune(s.e.)
wheel of fortune: ($1.00) (d'lux) (.25 cent) *check casinos for jackpot  updates!
 

hulacane™ since 1970 by key west register corp. -hulacane™ a libation conchcoction™ for when the 'big blow winds'!





                                        a year long party!   




             'purple daze news column':       ...& taxes?

"islamorada... a little purple spot in the gulf stream"ä 
"the responsibility of leadership is not always without cost"  -- mark twain
islamorada?... "with a pink hotel, a boutique...and a swinging hot spot...don't it always seem to go...that you don't
know what you've got...till it's gone...they paved paradise ...and put up a parking lot..." -joni mitchell
update... islamorada village manager... ted yates
be aware! comet/asteroid emergency impact scale  
                                              


mail comments to:      p.o. box 1119, key west, fl, 33041





                                  keys society section




  society, scandals & scoundrels...  sniffing around town'       
*news watchdog for the keys*      updates at www.twitter.com/keywestthedog

      'conchfestä'...  annual '' awards   

      'kwtd's annual featured restaurant reviews'... 'bone award'  2025 & 'fun finger' 
     five bone highest! & note: conchfestä wine partner: phibetanapa.com

_______________send us your society event  photos!______________
  island dogs bar - great 'burger plate' & nice bar... great service and staff! @'25
  la te da.. try the cuban nachos -one of key west's best mixologists... 'outside bar!... '@'25
  hard rock cafe is a winner with view of duval &  great bar / burgers... best staff in keys@24
  sloppy joe's - would get five 'bones' but we misssed the food... dog friendly staff bucket!'@'25
  first flight island restaurant & brewery - good place to wait for pan am plane flight @'24     
  margaritaville - need to clean bathroom/change fryer grease... - go to 'jack flats'!'@'24
  conch republic seafood company has a good food... and has great seafood! @'24
  two friends...good meals & a menagerie of choices -casual dining... & 'karaoke stars'@'24
  amigos... wonderful small decor with mex-tex and authenic mexican food! great!@'24
  hurricane joe's/hurricane hole complex - absolutely good food - service was prompt  @'24
  tavern n town at 'marriott beachside', one of the best experiences in key west...'refined"!@'24
  schooner wharf bar -doggone good place to hangout & listen to two legged friends howl!@'24


    year:  @ '25  point   





  important releases: update on u.s. government / tsa requirments for travelers at www.airlinessafe.com
tsa lifts ban on lighters?... now allowed are bics and zippo type lighters but not on torch type lighters?...




captain cubaä cigar-wine & yachtsman's guide ...certified authority

captain cuba's ('cuba' for short) exclusive cigar & wine ratings -  seen at twitter.com/keywestthedog
 "today's smoke is the best smoke!ä " -- 'cuba'  

:the captaincy general of cuba (spanish: capitanía general de cuba) was an administrative 
district of the spanish empire created in 1607 as part of habsburg spain's attempt better 
to defend the caribbean against foreign powers...
'captain cuba' a club for the cigar connoisseur - origin circa 1982
certified cigar grande sommelier (cgsä)     captain cuba star  brandä





floridakeys.us "tidbits" & college football bowl schedules @ twitter.com/keywestthedog         weird-shots!ä 
                        sports               cautionrisqué                                                 
                        • bahamas drag racing association/bdra organizes in islands
                        • key west bowl committee looks at 2026 for possible college national title football game keywestbowl.com
                        • sharkfest.com researchers in costa rica for long-term bioenzyme research with nanoalphaä 
                        • bahamas group to sponsor 'catch & release'  fishing tournament in grand bahama in mar. 2026  and other news...  
                        • vespa & other motorcycle sales explode as the florida keys/caribbean island citizens shift to cheaper cost transports
                        • key west institute negotiates with bahamas authorities for 'aquafood' research station based long island in bahamas

    conchfest™.com... "liv'n at the end of the old water pipe"ä 
                        'kinkans' ä  (kinkans/kum´kwots) small trees with origins in china - sweet-scented white flowers, and small, orange-yellow                     
                        edible fruits which are eaten fresh or in preserves & also a martini garnish... fortunella of the family rutaceae a close relative 

to other citrus fruits 'kinkans' 
         keys fish journal "morning catch in fishing news"ô 1952
                        2025 season el niño & la niña factor?  el niño is a disruption of the ocean-atmosphere system in the tropical pacific that has
                        consequences for weather around the globe. among its effects are increased rainfall across the southern tier of the united 
                        states, destructive flooding in peru, drought in the western pacific and devastating brush fires in australia. in florida, el niño
                        brings relief from drought conditions by dropping extra rain in the winter as well as creating upper level winds in the summer
                        that tend to cut down on the number of tropical storms.  returning of el niño will be a factor for 2025 season? renowned 
                        hurricane forecaster dr. c. king predicts that el niño will not be dormant this year with major hurricane being 9 - dr. king said
                        "come september i will drink a lot of hulacanes ™ "  (note: a hulacane™  is a fresh rum concoction that was invented by
                                                                 dr. kotas for ernest in 1937 - hulacane™ (a trademark porperty of key west institute since 1939)"
                                                               update: 2024?: el niño weather pattern is giving way to la niña? hurricane season is: june 1 - november 30


    noaa tides & currents for eyw.us (key west - fl)
 - caribbean hurricane information         hurricane predictions / noaa
hurricane/t.s. names 2025: andrea - barry - chantal - dexter - erin - fernand - gabrielle - humberto - imelda  - jerry - karen - lorenzo
melissa - nestor - olga - pablo - rebekah - sebastien - tanya - van - wendy & more?... then goes to greek alphabet (atlantic names)
florida keys water quality beach report/click florida health department has established water quality section 
florida health department maintains a toll-free 24-hour recorded information line at 1.877.892.9585.




key west register / official report  -  mean monthly water temperature at sand key



eyw.us

jan

feb

mar

apr

may

jun

jul

aug

sep

oct

nov

dec



f°

75.2

73.2

73.8

75.7

79.0

83.3

85.8

86.2

84.9

82.8

79.5

76.5



c°

24.0

22.9

23.2

24.3

26.1

28.5

29.9

30.1

29.4

27.9

26.4

24.7





"the greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated" -- mahatma gandhi
moon phase                    national data buoy center:sand key fl















weird-shotsä   www.eyw.us




                                 

eclipse stateä: floridakeys.us

           

 phibetanapa.com a certification & club for the wine connoisseur

'royal  flush'? 
floridakeys.us arts board of the key west register  reviews for theater, motion pictures & arts.
 "key west an everyday state down u.s. 1" ©     

"gulf stream  oil strategy?" ...  china & cuba 'oil field of dreams'! ?
                  "first in florida keys news"©                       
                                                  first amendment of the united states constitution. ”congress shall make no law respecting an establishment 
                                                  of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or 
                                                  of the right of people peaceable to assemble, and to petition the government for the redress of grievances.” 


                       

 official registered 'spiked waterä'... hulacaneä



email editor!

floridakeys.us & keywestregister.com - key west register are trademarks of key west register corp.
key west register is published daily (electronic) 
mail to: p.o.box 1119, key west, florida 33041 - the advertiser agrees that the publisher shall not be liable for damages arising out of errors 
in advertisements beyond the amount paid for space actually occupied by that portion of the advertisement in which the error occurred, 
whether such error is due to the negligence of the publisher's associates or otherwise, and there shall be no liability for 
non-insertion of any advertisement beyond the amount paid for such advertisement.

                                     key west register assumes no responsibility for any losses, damages or liability whatsoever suffered or incurred by any person,
                                     resulting from or attributable to the use of the information published on this site. user is using this information at his/her sole risk.
                                     hyperlinking - we welcome you to link to the homepage of this website provided that:  *you do so in a way that is fair and legal
                                     and does not damage key west register's reputation or take advantage of it; you do not establish a link in such a way as to 
                                     suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists; the website from which you are linking
                                     does not contain content that is distasteful, offensive or controversial, does not infringe any intellectual property rights or other
                                     rights of any other person and complies with all applicable laws and regulations.  this website must not be framed on any other
                                     website, nor may you create a link to any part of this website other than the homepage.  we reserve the right to withdraw this

permission to link to this website without notice.

key west register supports: freedom of information center            investigative reporters and editors 
© copyright 2025 & trademark of key west register corp.






disclaimer / fair use statement
 




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              



