ï»¿



aerial advertising, aerial photography - aerial photos, banner towing - by aero-tag, inc.
   








aerial photography, aerial advertising - aerial photos, sky-writing.
	        
	 1-800-756 6247 (800-75 on air)
	  serving you and flying for you since 1989. 
	 





aero-tag, inc. provides highly effective and efficient aerial advertising
	  and aerial photography services. we love what we do. we provide an array of nation-wide
	   solutions of commercial aerial advertising, personal aerial advertising and aerial
	    photography with a focus on the new york metropolitan area. 
	 

please call us: 800 756 6247 (800 75 on air)

or...

click on the left image, below, for aerial advertising; or,
	                                         
	 the one on the right, for aerial photography








our  message:   
   we started aero-tag, inc. and bought our first aircraft in 1989. 
   (please see the new york times' article on us 
    dated july 13, 1993). today we are a fleet and a proud team working together learning
	 and continually perfecting our skills.
   
when it comes to excellence in aerial stuff, whether aerial photography, or, aerial 
	advertising, the sky has always been our limit. what else can you expect from a 
	company owned and operated by a former airlines captain, flying his own aircraft, 
	using the latest, most sophisticated and reliable equipment? 
	 we are well aware that without you we have no existence; but, nevertheless, providing 
	 personalized attention and impeccable customer service is what makes us tick.
	

aero-tag's aerial solutions
commercial aerial advertising - 
		 utilizing this amazing and captivating outdoor advertising medium. many terms 
		 have been used to describe it: flying billboards, skywriting, towing airplane 
		 banners, sky signs, air banner, etc. with aerial advertising, you can reach 
		 a very targeted and segmented population, as well as the masses. air-announce your 
		 product or service to zillions of beach-goers, and outdoor audiences in any 
		 open-air event.  
		 by utilizing airplane sign advertising to fly your message, you get results 
		 effectively and economically, generating numerous quality and targeted exposures.
		 
personal air banners - 
		 personal aerial ads; skywrite your own	customized personal air message.
 		 fly an aerial 'i love you' message, a 'welcome home' air message, or a wedding
		 air announcement. have you seen more creative and unique marriage proposals? a 
		 more memorable happy birthday aerial greeting? you can utilize aerial banners for special 
		 occasions and events that you find deserve greetings and congratulations from the sky.
		 use airplane banner towing as a unique anniversary gift idea and to deliver your 
		 aerial love message.
		 
aerial photography - 
		 we offer, both, custom, on-demand oblique aerial photos and stock aerial views.
		 as an architect, a designer and a planning professional, you may want to use aerial photographs to see
		 a bird's view of a site, before, as well as after you touch it. as a real estate 
		 professional you may want to use the appealing and selling character of an aerial photo. if you are
		 a developer or are in the construction business, use aerial views to monitor the progress of a 
		 construction site and for marketing purposes. also, an aerial phonograph of a disputed site will give 
		 an attorney a good tool to convey the best argument.
		 and, of course, if you just say: "i want aerial pictures of my house", or you want 
		 to surprise someone with an unforgettable gift of his/her house, best, low cost and 
		 fast aerial photos are only a click or a phone call away.

the areas that you'll most likely see us towing an air banner or shooting an aerial view 
includes long island (inland, north shore, south shore, jones beach, long beach, fire island, 
 the hampton's, etc. ), new york city, connecticut and lower new york state. we are equipped and 
 will be glad to take care of your aerial advertising campaign nation-wide as well. 


we have two new web sites, dedicated exclusively to the two different sides of our love 
and profession; you're welcome to go there and browse for answers and solutions:



	 www.skywrite.com, dedicated to commercial and personal skywriting;
	 



 the other,  
 www.bestaerialphotos.com, is dedicated to 
 aerial photos and aerial views.
  (you may also want to glimpse at our, not ready yet,
stock aerial photography website - 
www.eairpix.com) 


please don't hesitate to call us; we would like to talk with you,
 get to know your specific needs, and explain our services, which we hope, will be 
 beneficial to you.
   
1.800-756 6247
    ( 800-75 on air ) 

in case you are interested in an excellent web hosting solution,
   	 
click here to signup for hostmonster.com now.


should you prefer e-mail, we look forward to your comments and inquiries. 
   please click here to go
    to our contact page; you can e-mail us from there... 
     


to top of this page



you are at our...
	  home  page


go to...

contact aero-tag
skywrite.com
 commercial skywriting
personal skywriting
aerial photography
stock aerial photography
flying samples






		 	aero-tag.com and all photographs  aero-tag, inc. 1989-2012
		
last updated: april 12, 2012







