


women on the verge of thinking




















    
	women on the verge of thinking
	
  
a provocative, intelligent and intoxicating site
       for penetrating discussion and thought:
 a look at life and its meaning completely through
                      words





tuesday, august 27, 2024



	 
	 the hostsges held in gaza
	 
    


 it has been years since i have posted on this blog and as i am sure with all of us, live is in session. what preoccupied me more than ever these days are the hostsges kidnapped in gaza from israel. it is heartbreaking for the families and loved ones since 325 days have passed without a word from their relatives nor friends. the entire situation is horrific on so many levels from the murders, invasions of homes and kidnapping innocent citizens in israel to the loss of innocent lives in gaza to the ongoing threat to israel by hamas, hezbollah and iran. israel experienced an ongoing trauma which filters into the daily lives of its citizens. imagine, if your relative was kidnapped without a word for so long. such a trauma. everyday, i pray that the hostages be free, returned to israel either for a proper burial for those who pershied  or to be reunited with family. such good news that a hostage was rescued today. may more be returned to israel and the citizens and idf stay safe. 



posted by barbarafromcalifornia at 
     4:02 pm 
0 comments





sunday, december 14, 2008



	 
	 it's beginning to look a lot like....a recession
	 
    


here we are in the month of december, which has creeped up upon us rapidly. normally a month of glitz, cheer, genorisity, and good spirit, i am finding that few people seem to be in a mood of celebration, at least here in southern california. gone are the fancy houses with bright lights, the stores with streem-lines of decorations, and the streets lined with banners and other marks of the holiday season. where i live, it has never really been a place where hanukah is seen, at least on the streets, stores, or where, for that matter, but christmas has always loomed larger than life. is this just the new normal? the sign that our economy, our jobs, and our future are not secure? we are now more fearful than faithful, and that being said, we watch what we do, how we spend our money, and decorate.regardless, it is december, and i hope everyone of you has a happy holiday. may this be a time of strength, goodwill towards others, and celebration of ourselves, and our loved ones.thank you for your minds.



posted by barbarafromcalifornia at 
     5:21 pm 
28 comments





wednesday, november 05, 2008



	 
	 a time for celebration: november 5, 2008
	 
    


today is a truly wonderful day. yesterday, the united states of america elected a new president, in a historic election. we had a black american, a woman in a major party, a 72 year old man, and a father, who raised two boys by himself, who went on to become a successful politican.to say that i am elated that we have elected barack obama would be an understatement. it appears as if there is an electricity in the air, that his message of change was such an inspiring and uniting force that brought so many americans together yesterday when they cast their votes. it is my fervent hope that we are indeed on the verge of turning a corner, and that american will regain its strength, dignity, and superior place in the world once again.another celebration that takes place today, and by no means secondary: today, i am 17 years sober, a gift for which i am truly grateful.thank you for your minds.



posted by barbarafromcalifornia at 
     2:44 pm 
6 comments





friday, october 10, 2008



	 
	 the election  and the economy: where do we go from here?
	 
    


for most americans, these past few weeks have been a source of great stress, fear and confusion. now, these maladies have gone global, where just about everyone is worried about one thing or another. more often than not, i come across a co-worker, a family member or a friend who is having difficulty sleeping at night. these are scary times. as a movie was once titled, i have concluded, 'stop the world...i want to get off....'mccain asks, who is barack obama, but i invite the senator to answer, today, who is the real john mccain? once considered an independent thinker, a maverick, he has now become so desperate, calling for change one minute, cancelling his campaign and debate the next, and going back and forth from one subject to another, that i am uncertain who this man is today.obama too has gone negative, which is a bit disappointing, and i wish he would stick to the issues that are plaguing the country today, the economy, jobs, and health insurance. it seems to be that he is responding to mccain, and to sit back silently and say nothing would be unwise too.what is happening on the political front is deeply disturbing for me as well. as so many who read my blog know, politics are a great passion of mine. what i have seen emerge, from both sides now, is a culture of negativity that seems to have taken on a life of its own. as i have been watching the mccain town hall meetings and public gatherings, and hear people yelling, 'kill him,' or proclaim, 'how did you let this happen senator mccain, it sends chills down my spine, and is reminiscent of a kkk (klu klux klan) rally, with those present inciting hatred and spewing negativity. why do palin and mccain allow these individuals to continue speaking? while they shake their heads in agreement with some individuals, those who are so disruptive should be asked, by the candidates themselves, to exit the stage, to be escorted out of the forum. frankly, i am deeply troubled and scared for america today. racism, sexism, anti-semitism, all forms of hatred are disconnected from intelligence, and are deeply rooted in the psyche of one's being. these are difficult times.the stock market, having lost more than 35 percent of its value in a year, with gas prices still high, and americans loosing their jobs, is so disturbing. more than ever, the middle class is disappearing, and those who felt a sense of security, are now frightened. who among us has not been daunted by the hugh drop in the stock market this week alone, almost 1800 points? it is terrifying indeed....so today, where are we, us americans? are we on the verge of becoming a third world country because of the economy? has such hatred and meanness, which we thought may have disappeared years ago, begun to surface again, causing americans to be seen at their worst rather than their best?all questions to ponder for today....thank you for your minds.



posted by barbarafromcalifornia at 
     2:33 pm 
10 comments





monday, september 15, 2008



	 
	 a closer look at the obama v. mccain ticket
	 
    


we can all become a bit cynical and frustrated by the politics of this very historic election. a friend of mine sent me the following, and i wanted to post it here on this blog to share.i'm a little confused. let me  see if i have this straight.....* if you grow up in hawaii,  raised by your grandparents, you're 'exotic, different.'* grow up in alaska eating  mooseburgers,  a quintessential american story. * if your name is barack  you're a radical, unpatriotic muslim.* name your kids willow, trig  and track, you're a maverick.* graduate from  harvard law school and you are unstable.* attend 5 different small  colleges before graduating, you're well grounded.* if you spend 3 years as a brilliant community organizer, become the first black president of the harvard law review, create a voter registration drive that registers 150,000 new voters, spend 12 years as a constitutional law professor, spend 8 years as a state senator representing a district with over 750,000 people, become chairman of the state senate's health and human services committee, spend 4 years in the united states senate representing a state of 13 million people while sponsoring 131 bills and serving on the foreign affairs, environment and public works and veteran's affairs committees, you don't have any real leadership experience.      * if your total resume is: local weather girl, 4 years on the city council and 6 years as the mayor of a town with less than 7,000 people, 20 months as the governor of a state with only 650,000 people, then you're qualified to become the country's second highest ranking executive. * if you have been married to the same woman for 19 years while raising 2 beautiful daughters, all within protestant churches, you're not a real christian.* if you cheated on your first wife with a rich heiress, and left your disfigured wife and married the heiress the next month, you're a christian. * if you teach responsible, age appropriate sex education, including the proper use of birth control, you are eroding the fiber of society.* if , while governor, you staunchly advocate abstinence only, with no other option in sex education in your state's school system while your unwed teen daughter ends up pregnant , you're very responsible.* if your wife is a harvard graduate laywer who gave up a position in a prestigious law firm to work for the betterment of her inner city community, then gave that up to raise a family, your family's values don't represent america's.* if you're husband is nicknamed 'first dude', with at least one dui conviction and no college education, who didn't register to vote until age 25 and once was a member of a group that advocated the secession of alaska from the usa, your family is extremely admirable.ok, much clearer    now.  thank you for your minds.



posted by barbarafromcalifornia at 
     5:35 am 
6 comments





wednesday, september 10, 2008



	 
	 the facts as they exist for america today
	 
    


when a contentious election is happening, it is easy to become caught up in all the drama, chaos and cyclones of fury that circle around candidates as individuals.  there are times when it appears as if a new hurricane is coming upon us, the american people, as we prepare for this election. storms stronger than a category 4 are looming large, with winds more than 150 mph.for a moment, i invite each and every one of you to look at the facts that we as americans face today, and what has transpired in our country over the past 8 years with george w. bush as our president. some of these facts, although not spoken about, should not be forgotten, especially as we near an important election. 1. today, the jobless rate in america is up more than 6 percent. many americans, who once had jobs here in this country are now faced with competition from outsourcing, where labor can be had cheaper in places such as india, leaving many americans without the means to support their families. consequently, many of us remain without health care for ourselves and/or our children, which is shameful for a country which proclaims so much wealth. 2. foreclosure rates this past month hit an all time high of 9 percent. many american families have lost their homes, and others are forced into bankruptcy. 3. in july of this year, gas here in california hit an all time high of $4.65 per gallon. today, thankfully, it is about a dollar a gallon less, but nevertheless, many americans are having a difficult time filling up their tanks, heating their homes and putting food on their tables. 4. the iraq war has cost america trillions and trillions of dollars. more than 4,000 americans have died and thousands have been injured or wounded, some physically, others mentally, and the suicide rate among those in the military has risen dramatically. 5. this past month, iraq had a surplus of $86 billion dollars. we here in america meanwhile, in a surreal turn of events, have a deficit. why is it the case that the bush administration is not requesting some form of reimbursement for monies that we spent for a war that was not ours. 6. osama bin laden has still not been captured. al queda is stronger than ever now, with new cells permeating around the world. afghanistan continues to be in a state of chaos. 7. bush had colin powell, a man of great distinction and respect, go before the american people and say that saddam hussein had weapons of mass destruction, a conclusion that turned out to be completely false, but one which was the pivotal fact in deciding to invade iraq. 8. colin powell, donald rumsfeld, carl rove, harriet meyers, alberto gonzalez, all senior individuals, and men and women in high places, in the bush administration either resigned or withdrew themselves from their positions. scooter libbey was convicted, and pardoned eventually by bush. there are certainly more facts that exist for america.  they are a reality, a part of our history, that has been woven like a colorful, although not nesecessarily festive tapastry over these past 8 years. if you can think of any more, i invite you to add them to this list from above, and post them as you see them.a fact is something that actually has happened, not how one perceives something to have happened, or an opinion about something that one would like to happen or see. it is rooted deeply in reality. it is easy to react like a hamster, get on a wheel that spins around and around, dodging thoughts, bullets, and insults. what is more difficult is to look at facts as they are, reality, and ask ourselves, in our heart of hearts who we really believe can lead this country out of the mess that has been created by the current administration.thank you for your minds.



posted by barbarafromcalifornia at 
     6:19 pm 
2 comments





sunday, september 07, 2008



	 
	 mccain and palin: a bad choice for america today
	 
    


as i watched both democratic and republican conventions last week, it was evident that both candidates intended to electrify their parties and the voters. if the truth be told, it seems as if both parties were successful in doing their jobs, to bring a longing energy into their parties and candidates. as someone who loves to talk about politics, and who cares about the future of america, there are many real issues which loom large for me, as a woman, and as a mother.statistics show that august had the highest un-employment rate yet in the us, over 6.1 percent. moreover, the foreclosure rate for homes was also up, 9 percent, another all time high. many americans do not have jobs today, and their homes are in jeopardy, which is a real fact in this country. moreover, in california, we are still paying $3.85 for a gallon of gas. it is curious, how the price has decreased suddenly. moreover, the country is in trillions of dollars of debt from the iraq war, and millions of jobs are being outsourced. another fact, which is becoming more and more real, because of our reliance on oil, is that those in dubai and the saudis  are beginning to buy up american companies.  if anyone has been courting the arab countries, and making them rich and even richer, it is this current administration, under the umbrella of bush and cheney. could it not be the case that one day, america will belong to these nations if we continue our business relations and make decisions that favor those abroad rather than at home. america under arab control may one day become reality.when all is said and done, when the lime-light begins to fade, and reality surfaces, let us take a look at these two candidates and their running mates. frankly, john mccain is a good man. he has made efforts to reach across the table in to both parties during his time in the senate, and in the past, i believe the label maverick (someone who is willing to beat to his own drum) was appropriate. sadly, today, with the selection of sarah palin as his running mate, it appears as if this die in the wool label no longer applies to mccain, and today, he is an instrument of the religious right, who will do whatever is necessary to become elected president of the united states, even if it means selecting a vice-presidential candidate who seems unqualified for the job.what do i mean when i say the governer palin is unqualified to be vice-president. first of all, let us look at her education. with a b.a. in journalism from the university of idaho, this appears to be the only degree that she holds. neither a master's degree nor law degree are pieces of paper that she can claim to possess. moreover, she recently applied for a passport last year, and has only been outside of this country less than 5 times. is this a woman who has the personal experience to debate and decide issues of national security and foreign policy. curiously, ms. palin has yet to give an interview with a major newspaper, television commentator, and appears to be cocooned in safety from speaking about these very real issues that face us as americans. if g-d forbid anything were to happen to john mccain, is this someone who you would want to be president of the united states of america. experience, although not necessary (look at john kennedy) is important. i could go on and on with facts regarding her lack of qualifications, but to keep this post readable, i will stop now.it is refreshing truthfully that a woman was chosen to be part of the ticket, and although palin believes, falsely, in my humble opinion, that she can reach those 18 million cracks in the ceiling from hilary clintion, the old thing that these two women have in common are xx cromosomes. their views on the war, abortion, the role of government could not be further apart.although both mccain and palin have compelling biographies, personal facts, standing alone, and some from more than 40 years ago, are not what will change this country, and the horrible damage that was done by 8 years of incompetent leadership under bush and cheney. curious, is it not that we never saw cheney's face at the republican convention, or even heard either party mention his name, nor the name of bush for that matter.facts are supreme in this election. we as a nation are deeply in trouble now, with our economy, our health care system (which neither candidate mentioned either), and our level of government, including choices judicial choices which will eventually be made for those men and women to sit on the united states supreme court.as americans, let us act intelligently, appeal to real facts, and not emotions and platitudes without substance, when making a decision about who we want to lead for the next four years. we had this same decision four years ago, and look at where our country is today.thank you for your minds.



posted by barbarafromcalifornia at 
     8:11 am 
11 comments










about me

name:  barbarafromcalifornia 
location:  united states 
i love a good discussion and debate.
view my complete profile

links







    	<  
  
  previous posts

the hostsges held in gaza
it's beginning to look a lot like....a recession
a time for celebration: november 5, 2008
the election  and the economy: where do we go from...
a closer look at the obama v. mccain ticket
the facts as they exist for america today
mccain and palin: a bad choice for america today
the downfall of america: how and what factors cont...
close to the heart
the joys of an ipod: you are what you listen to ea...

archives

april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
august 2024


subscribe toposts [atom]







 



