





brookfield chamber of commerce
























 






brookfield chamber of commerce
a great place to land!








about the chamber

mission statement
leadership
board of directors
contact us


membership

“mind your business” chamber newsletter
business directory
membership benefits
networking
join the chamber!


community events


home
brookfield area growth partnership
main street brookfield



about the chamber
mission statement

to develop, encourage, promote, and protect the commercial, professional, financial, and general business interests of the city of brookfield.
to promote the civic interests and general welfare of the community.
to extend and promote the trade and commerce, and foster, develop and protect the industry of the city and county.
to encourage the development of the transportation and to advance the agricultural interests of the county.
to procure laws and regulations desirable for the benefit of business in general and provide for a forum for the re-election of the sentiments of business regarding matters affecting its interest.

leadership
message from the executive director
welcome to the brookfield chamber of commerce website. we are a vibrant and energetic organization with the mission to promote, showcase, and enhance commercial economic growth, new and existing businesses, area tourism, and prosperity in the brookfield area community.
the brookfield area chamber of commerce is a member organization made up of over 100 members — business leaders of our community, providing goods and services to brookfield and the surrounding area. the chamber was founded in 1938 and has continually and successfully worked within the brookfield community providing a wide variety of events and services for the business owners and citizens of brookfield. the chamber is governed by an elected nine-member board of directors with an executive director who oversees the daily operation and all functions of the office and of the organization.
we invite you to learn more about our growing, clean, and friendly community! for more information on the brookfield area chamber of commerce or to inquire about joining the chamber, please call the chamber office at 660-258-7255.
the town of brookfield is large enough to serve and small enough to care which makes a great combination for businesses and families. brookfield is a great place to live, eat, shop, play, and stay … brookfield is a great place to land!
autumn beal
executive director
board of directors


president: jason bailey – state farm insurance, brookfield
vice president: pam davis – southern bank, brookfield
secretary: laura carr – fabric chateau, brookfield
treasurer:
executive director: autumn beal
assistant director: evangelina gonzales
members at large –
jordan clements – clements customs, brookfield
spencer gordon – professional land title corp, brookfield
jennifer hatcher – linn county health department, brookfield
justin reiland – cleveland real estate, brookfield
katie spry – quinn lumber company and spry printing, brookfield


contact us
brookfield chamber of commerce
autumn beal, executive director
207 north main street
brookfield, missouri 64628
phone: 660-258-7255
email: chamber@brookfieldmochamber.com
facebook: https://www.facebook.com/brookfieldarea
“mind your business” newsletter
october 2024






ask us about how your business can be a sponsor!




thank you to these sponsors
for supporting brookfield and this website!


 

for every $100 you spend at locally owned businesses, $68 will stay in the community.
when you spend that same $100 at a national chain only $43 stays in the community.*
* source: civic economics -  andersonville study of retail economics




copyright © 2025
brookfield area chamber of commerce •
							mainstreet brookfield


							all rights reserved •
							website design by tinasmithgraphics



















