


lerc























contact us by
                                    email: info@lerc.com or call us toll-free: 1-800-279-8284














toggle navigation





lerc

law enforcement training since 1978






courses

report writing online class
report writing video series
community oriented policing
domestic violence
force
interviewing & interrogation

police & people with
                                    disabilities
shadow victims: crimes against people with
                                    disabilities
writing skills


archival media
products
contact us
login












 




 





learn report writing for 
                                 increased convictions!




                                now you can learn police report writing with
                                the online training course that has been used 
                                by more than 35,000 officers and 
                                recruits so far.
                                improve your writing skills today!

learn more










the reid technique of  interviewing and interrogation®
                            



                                the crucial question in any criminal case is 
                                whether or not the suspect, the victim, or 
                                other witnesses are telling the truth. the 
                                answer can influence the course
                                of an entire investigation.

learn more











domestic violence:the law enforcement response
                            



                                this video-based training is designed to 
                                increase officers' skills and their ability 
                                to handle one of the most common yet 
                                complicated calls in police work:
                                the domestic violence call.

learn more















the law enforcement resource center (lerc) has been providing police training videos, dvds, online training, cd-roms, books, and archival media for police departments and academies nationwide since 1978!







endorsed by:lieutenant jon kingsbury. certified law enforcement trainer with over 20 years experience.learn more about lt. jon kingsbury here.
high value, low cost:$29/course*
                    login username and password provided upon receipt of payment

it’s here! announcing our newly updated report writing course.
enhanced report writing with you in mind.
law enforcement resource center (lerc) knows how critical excellent report writing skills are to everyone in the law enforcement community. that’s why we updated our report writing course. not only is the content improved and features the latest report writing techniques, but we made revisions to the training format for a more constructive learning experience.
 report writing features:

learning on-demand anytime, anywhere you have internet access.
organized into short learning modules.
clear, easy-to-use navigation.
real-life learning scenarios with practical application.
learning is tracked, so you can leave the course and return without missing a beat.
knowledge assessments and certification upon successful completion.

what’s in it for you?

become a faster, more accurate report writer.
write reports more concisely and clearly.
create reports using everyday language.
improve your report writing confidence.

high value, low cost: $29.00 per course
learn more





products






report writing online



online program


report writing



video series and application guide


archival media



custom printed cs & dvd media


community oriented policing



video series and application guide


domestic violence



video series and application guide


interviewing and interrogation



video series and application guide


police and people with disabilities



video series and application guide




 





×
jon kingsbury, jd


he has been a police officer since 1995. most of his career has been spent in uniform, both as a patrol officer and supervisor, and currently holds the rank of lieutenant. in addition, he has experience as a department physical fitness instructor, defense tactics coordinator, field training officer, swat team supervisor, and in-service trainer. lt. kingsbury received a ba from the university of minnesota and a jd from hamline university school of law, graduating magna cum laude. he has instructed college courses in report writing and criminal procedure, as well as being law enforcement consultant in the areas of use of force and search and seizure. he is a member of several organizations, including the minnesota state bar association, international law enforcement educators and trainers association, and the national tactical officers association.


close















                                © 2016 law enforcement resource center. all rights reserved.
                            

home
courses
archival media
contact us






















