






timberline custom homes – residential roofing































skip to content









timberline custom homes
residential roofing







custom design build
faq
fan mail
contact
 




search our site


search for:









get a free estimate for roof repair or replacement
january 13, 2020


the average life of a roof is about 15 to 20 years. the longevity depends mainly on the type of roofing system used, its maintenance and weather conditions in the area. there a lot that goes into protecting your family as well as your belongings. when it comes time for roof maintenance, repairs or replacement it is not something you want to put off.
strong winds, hailstorms, and heavy rains can easily damage roofing materials and the supporting structure, said owner of authentic restoration, mark c.
tiles have more durability than the shingles or wooden roofs the weathering of the roof materials results in water leakage through the roof during snowfall and rains. any roof repair or roof replacing job requires proper estimation of the work to be done and the exact expenses needed for doing the work. this can be done with the help of professionals. some storm and hail damaged roofs are covered by insurance companies.
complete roof inspection
a professional roofing service worker will be able to conduct proper and thorough checking on your roof to identify and problem areas on your roof. they will be able to look for damaged shingles, accumulation of debris and shingle granules in the gutter drains and any signs of water seepage on the building walls, etc., to find the exact problem areas easily using the right tools and techniques. you can get the help of established and well-reputed professionals in your area to carry out the inspection of your premises.

estimating repair or replacement expenses
depending on the roof damage and the repair work needed for the roof, this professional will be able to give a fair estimate for the work to be done. the professional will discuss with you about the type of damages identified and the right solutions to correct the problem and will provide the quote accordingly. though replacing the old and damaged roof will cost more than installing a temporary protective covering for the roof, roof replacement will be the best option if you want to prolong the life of the roof as well as that of the building. you can find about the cheaper roofing options from your roofing contractor. available at your local construction supply store.
factors to consider
before providing the quote the roofing service provider will consider various factors such as the roofing material to be used, the climate of the area, the overall building structure, the drainage system and the gutters already present, the energy efficiency of the building, etc. they will be able to give the best suggestions for reducing the cost of installing the new roofs. they will use the durable as well as affordable materials for roofing and insulation. be sure to check out the 9 common roofing problems that you should know about!
find reliable service
you need for reliable roofing service to provide you with the quote for roof repair or roof replacement. you can ask for references from your friends or colleagues to find the best roofing services in your area. you can also search for best service providers in your area on the internet. go directly through the website of the roofing services to know more about their work and their experience in the field. go through the reviews provided by the people who had hired their service earlier. you can ask for quotes from two or three services and finalize the roofing service depending on affordability, quality of materials used and workmanship.
save





flood damage restoration companies
june 9, 2018

flooding in your building can be cause by natural calamities like storms and manmade structural damages like water damage to your building’s pipes. no matter what the cause, you are still there suffering from the aftermath. the pressing matter in this situation is that flooding most often requires immediate response. storm damage can be difficult as ongoing bad weather might tamper with your restoration efforts. however, to prevent further damage for your building, our chicago flood damage restoration company will do our best to take care of the flooding that is causing you great worry. trust our company to provide you with the highest quality restoration service.

how damaging is flooding to your structure?
flooding is an extreme form of water damage. when caused by storms and flashfloods, it can even affect all the valuable items and pieces of furniture that are inside your flooded building. when left unchecked, this kind of water damage will also trigger mold infestation within your structure. such accumulation of one structural damage on top of the other demands larger cost than what is originally required. the wise way to approach flooding in your building is to address it in the fastest way possible. call all dry usa the best flood restoration company in chicago as soon as you detect the flooding, and you will be able to salvage more of your valuables.
flood restoration experts in chicago
our flood restoration teams respond to flooding calls in a very fast manner. if it’s a disaster such as storm-induced flooding, our expert storm damage control specialists are even faster with our response. our flood restoration team is composed of well-trained experts in the field. we work with the best roofing companies in lincoln, ne to continue this level of expertise throughout the usa. we give our new employees extensive training that give them the practical knowledge to efficiently make restoration services for your building. we will not leave you and your flooded building until we are sure that your building is restored into its dry and livable state.
chicago flood restoration services
our specialized flood restoration services are catered to structures that have acquired terrible water damage. we have a 24-hour emergency service, and our high-tech equipment for inspection, extraction, and drying are the best in chicago. they can dry, clean, sanitize, and deodorize your building in record time. other fast and highly effective services include water damage cleanup and prompt, appropriate response to storms and other disasters such as flashfloods. we make sure that everything—your building and everything within it—is dry and safe inside your structure before we advise you to return and occupy it once again.
we are a reputable and reliable flood restoration company in chicago. our top priority is to provide the services needed for your building and to provide you with the highest customer satisfaction. whatever your restoration need may be, rest assured that our team of highly qualified technicians will do the job the right way. we welcome you to contact us whenever you have a question about the services we offer or if you want more information regarding our restoration process.





should you paint your copper metal roof? maintenance tips for homeowners
november 29, 2017


copper metal roof maintenance tips for homeowners
copper metal roofing has been used for centuries already and it is preferred by many architects because of its stylish look and durability. copper can match any architectural style: from classic english houses to modern buildings. however, some people are hesitant to use copper for their roofs because of its price. truth be told, copper roofing is more expensive than other metal roofing materials. there are many homes that need roof repair in allison park, pa, but there is a light in this. despite the high cost of a copper metal roof, one can actually save money in long-term. why? because copper is long lasting and it needs minimum maintenance unlike other roofing materials like asphalt shingles and wood. companies like gotcha covered contracting of pittsburgh offer amazing metal roofing installation services.
nevertheless, a copper roof still needs some “preservation” to conserve its strength and beauty. most copper metal roof users’ concern is whether it is appropriate to paint this type of roof. actually, copper does not require any painting or furnishing. such “beautifications” are usually applicable to other metal roofing systems. however, it is still in the preference of the architect to add a little color to the roof or not.
you should be aware that in time, copper develops a natural greenish finish called patina – some people like its vintage look while others prefer modern, fresh-looking metal roofing colors. and don’t forget that there is always the option of applying a colorless protective coating to your copper roof – it will protect the roofing sheets from weather and deterioration without affecting their natural bronze color.
procedure on painting the copper metal roof
in painting copper roofing panels, the temperature and weather play an important part. they should not be painted when the temperature is very high and if a threat of rain is imminent. once the place and temperature are secured, the next thing to do is to clean the roof thoroughly. mud must be washed using a wire brush and the remaining dirt should be removed with sandpaper. it is also important to wash the roof with a pressure washer set on low. and then, using the blue painter’s tape, areas that do not require painting may now be covered.
a primer should also be applied to the roof. this may be done using a paint roller. it is necessary that the priming starts in one far corner in a left-to-right movement. using a paintbrush, gently smooth the primer evenly on the roof. these materials must be washed afterwards with warm water.
now, the painting may begin. first, make sure that you choose quality metal roofing paint which is suitable for copper. take a cleaned and dried roller. just like the movement in applying primer, painting copper roofing sheets must be done from left to right. again using a paintbrush, smooth out the product until the entire roof is covered with paint. usually, painted copper metal roofing takes about two hours to dry. one can also put on another coat if necessary.
disclaimer!
several internet sources teach a do-it-yourself tutorial on how to paint a copper metal roof.  however, it is mandatory to ask for assistance from a professional in handling any maintenance procedures involving a metal roof. and before proceeding to such procedures, it must also be determined first if the copper metal roofing is suitable for any repainting. this is because some types of manufactured corrugated copper roofing are discouraged by their suppliers to be painted. they advise, instead, to just clean the roof every once a month and repair any sign of dilapidation and damage.
although copper metal roofs are durable and long lasting, they still need consistent care. they protect us from rain and sunlight; give us a safe, comfortable shelter. the best way we can show our gratitude to them is by providing them the care and attention that they need.





custom drywall repair and replacement services
may 24, 2017

if you are looking forward to replacing your drywall, or repairing custom drywall, you should carefully consider many factors. remember that it is not essential to go for the complete replacement in most cases. you can even get away with minor repairs and this will not cost you much when compared to completely replace the entire structure. however, in other cases, it becomes inevitable to replace them, especially when they are infested with mold and other harmful things. you should ensure that you completely remove the source of the infestation, and then proceed to replace the drywall.

avoid doing drywall yourself
even though it appears like a simple task, you should avoid doing it yourself and always hire a professional handyman to accomplish the task. this is the best way to fix the drywall and they will have the required tools and experience to handle them in a proper way. you can rest assured that you will get the best value for your money in this manner. if you want to do it yourself to save some money, you will need a host of equipment to complete the task and this is not worth buying just for a simple task. you will be spending more money on the equipment than on the actual materials. in this regard, choosing the services of a professional handyman will save you lots of money.
repair or replace drywall?
your trusted handyman should be the best person to suggest you about this option. depending on the extent of damage done to the wall, it can be either repaired or replaced by the handyman. when the mold infested parts are in small places and the damage is due to some nails and other things, it can easily be repaired and only the damaged area has to be set right in this process. on the other hand, when you have a large hole or huge infested areas, it is not a good idea to retain the old wall and you have to completely get in replaced with a new drywall. if your drywall has mold, and you are moving out, you can always choose new home construction in the future.
choose the best drywall service providers for the task
you can easily get in touch with the leading service providers in your region and discuss your issues with them. they will carefully analyze your situation and suggest you with the best option suited for your wall. they can even supply the required materials for the task and complete the installation of the drywall in your home. this is very convenient as you need not have to do anything when you approach them with your problem. they will take care of everything and you will also be assured that the new wall will last for a long time as it is installed by professionals.
the services provided by handyman are very reliable and they will have many years of experience in fixing such damaged walls. they will choose the best quality materials that will last for a long duration without any hassles. in this regard, you can rest assured that you will get the best value for your money.





why choosing a reputable roofing contractor is important
april 21, 2017

everybody needs a safe and secure home and the safety of your home to a great extent depends on the type of roofing installed on the property. you need durable and strong roofs so that there is no need to worry about the safety of the building as well as the family members living inside it during extreme weather conditions. using appropriate roofing material to eliminate the need for roof replacement or regular roof repairing. you can find many roofing companies online that offer standard services to provide a new look to your home and to improve the safety and durability of your home.

variety of roofing services
when you hire a reputed roofing contractor in palm coast, fl you will be assured of a variety of services such are inspecting the property for roof leaks, waterproofing to prevent leaks, roof maintenance, repairing roof parts, replacing the roof, installation of new roof, the supply of good roofing materials, guaranteed workmanship, etc. this will help you in getting the different services from a single provider. you don’t have to look for different contractor or service to inspect the roof or to supply the required roofing material. this will make the work easy for you and you will be able to save your time and effort.
use of latest technology

only reputed roofing services will have the latest technology and methods to do their work efficiently and with the least inconvenience to the people staying in the building. in addition, roofers can install the latest roofing solutions such as synthetic roof tiles made by companies like brava roof tile. these roofing products have 50 year warranties and are virtually maintenance free. they will have the right tools and equipment to work on a flat or sloped roof. they will be able to work on roofing made with different materials. this will ensure that the work will be done with less time and with perfection. the skilled employees from these services will give you peace of mind when working on the roof to repair it or replacing it.

getting best value for your money
when you have the right roofing contractor to guide you in installing the roof or repairing the roof, you are getting the best value for the money spent on the roof.
you can ensure that quality roofing materials are installed and are done by the most skilled people available in your area.
when the work is done with perfection within a short timeframe using the right equipment and technology, you will be able to save time and money on the particular work. you can select the affordable and reputed service by getting the quotes from different online roofing services.
adding value to your home
when you use the experienced people to handle the roofing work, you will get the best outcome and this will increase the value of your home in the real estate market. the quality products or roofing material used by the services and the best craft man ship will make the roofs to last longer and the homeowner will be able to save money on repair charges for many years. if you want to make your home stand out from that of your neighbors and want to make it energy efficient and its roof durable, then you cannot ignore the need for a reputed roofing contractor.





why is it better to invest in new home construction?
march 26, 2017

there are many people who are confused when it comes to choosing a home. they are in a dilemma whether to choose a pre-owned home or build a new home. there are many benefits that you will get by investing in a new home construction rather than choosing a pre-owned home. the main benefit that a pre-owned home will give you is its affordability. but, there will be many hidden issues the home that you cannot ignore and you should never choose a new home for you and your family members on the basis of cost alone.

problem free homes equal problem free lifestyle
when you are looking to buy a new home construction, you can take solace from the fact that you will be the first inherent of the building. this means that no one would have ever used the house and hence it will not have any issues or problems that you might face in pre-owned homes. the problems that someone else has left behind in the home will not be inherited from you as you are buying a new home construction. a lot of people do not know how to take care of a home. there might be a lot of issues like wiring, plumbing, cleanliness, drainage, etc., that you might face if you buy pre-owned homes. if you want to be free from any headaches, tensions and worries when moving, it is better to invest in a new home. a reputed builder or contractor will lead you to fresh properties that you prefer.
get personal – custom homes with the details you love

by investing in a totally new home, you have the liberty to make the changes that you want.
you can opt for the color schemes that you would like to use in the home.
you have the liberty to choose the kind of flooring, roofing, and even paint color and textures that will go on the walls.
you get to choose the type of cabinetry and the setup of every room.

if you invest in a pre-owned home, you will have to stick to the choices made by someone else. if you would like to make changes to anything in a pre-owned home, you will have to invest more money to get the house done according to your taste. but, a new home construction will give you the sole power to choose the things that you want and the way you want it.

other things to consider for your new home
as you are going to be the home buyer, everything is left to you. ultimately, it is you who need to decide on the location, the exterior, the interior and the outdoor space of the home. by opting for a new home construction, there are many decisions that you can make to build the home the way you want it to be. you need to understand that a pre-owned home might carry a rate card that it is actually more than what it is worth because there is an emotional value attached to the price of the house. you do not have to pay for someone else’s emotions. hence, choosing a completely new home is a very good option.
save






categories

custom drywall

flood damage

home building

new construction

roofing contractor




recent posts


get a free estimate for roof repair or replacement


flood damage restoration companies


should you paint your copper metal roof? maintenance tips for homeowners


custom drywall repair and replacement services


why choosing a reputable roofing contractor is important


 privacy/terms







		wordpress theme: dynamic news by themezee.	






