

solution comfortseat toileting aids & accessories



































































award winning solution comfortseat® toileting aids
for a limited time, we are offering discounts on some all of our award winning solution comfortseat® toileting units.  when physical challenges make it painful, difficult, or impossible to toilet oneself - a solution comfortseat® toileting aid can help. this is a limited time offer, so be sure to act quickly.


exclusive special offer for 












 epitome solution comfortseat® (scs-6000) toileting aid


the deluxe epitome is our most feature-rich toileting unit.  it features adjustable warm water washing, adjustable warm air drying, adjustable pulse & massage modes, sweeping wash motion, adjustable heated seat, a powerful enema spray, feminine front washing, memorizes up to 4 user settings, automatic and manual nozzle cleaning feature, has a soft-closing seat and lid, a child mode, an air deodorizer, quick-release feature for easy cleaning, advanced energy saving features, and many more features.  it's all controlled with a wireless remote control unit, featuring a large status screen. our most luxurious solution comfortseat® unit!




discounted price: only $625.00

(regular price $999.95)
click here for full unit details, or to order!















 warm wash solution comfortseat® (scs-4000) toileting aid


the warm wash electronic toileting aid features many deluxe features, without the deluxe price. you get warm water washing, adjustable warm air drying, adjustable wash modes, adjustable heated seat, feminine front washing, automatic and manual nozzle cleaning feature, has a soft-closing seat and lid, advanced energy saving features, and many more features are accessible via the attached control panel.  this is our best-selling electronic unit!





discounted price: only $485.00

(regular price $699.95)
click here for full unit details, or to order!















 ez medwash solution comfortseat® (scs-1000) toileting aid


the ez medwash solution comfortseat® is a simple & effective toileting aid that doesn't require electricity. it features an adjustable spray that provides excellent cleaning, and a powerful enema spray that provides a lower-bowel colonic lavage.  it also has a feminine front wash. it features a soft-closing seat and lid, and an easy-to-operate control lever. it offers exceptional washing power, at a lower price than our electronic models.  the unit has recently been updated to make it even easier to install and control.





discounted price: only $325.00

(regular price $499.95)
click here for full unit details, or to order!















 ez wash pro solution comfortseat® (scs-125) toileting aid


the ez wash pro solution comfortseat® is a low-cost & high-quality toileting aid that offers excellent washing at an affordable price. its heavy-duty metal construction, with chrome finish, is excellent for users of all weights.  it offers a powerful washing spray, with adjustable water pressure and adjustable position nozzle that can be moved back or forth for wider cleaning.  it requires no electricity, and easily installs under your existing seat.  good for users up to 500 lbs., when installed under a quality seat.





discounted price: only $212.00

(regular price $249.95)
click here for full unit details, or to order!















 ez wash pro bariatric package® (scs-125b) toileting aid


the ez wash pro solution comfortseat® is also available in a bariatric package.  you get the ez wash pro (scs-125) hygiene unit, and the extra-wide heavy-duty bariatric toilet seat (scs-50).  this combination will support users up to 500 lbs. in weight.





discounted price: only $350.00

(regular price $399.95)
click here for full package details, or to order!












 more options available!


don't see what you are looking for? we have more specialty toileting solutions available! call us today and let us find the solution comfortseat® for you!


















extra-wide heavy-duty toilet seat

an extra-wide heavy-duty "bariatric" toilet seat that supports large users up to 500 lbs. safely.
price: $214.00
click for more info or to order





battery operated portable washing aid

asstive hygiene aid, that fits in the palm of your hand.multiple nozzles, travel bag, large water capacity, and batteries are included!
price: $105.00
click for more info or to order





ada compliant 3" high toilet platform

install your toilet on top, to add 3 inches of extra height. includes stainless steel fixtures, for superior stability and safety, under most conventional toilets. supports up to 1000 lbs.
price: $169.95  click for more info or to order









solution comfortseat® customer testimonial:
"since my husband is wheelchair bound, time was that he needed assistance with toileting.  with your ez warm wash solution comfortseat®, he has regained his independence and his quality of life.

"the sturdy, well designed seat is durable, even with those who have weight issues.  i must admit, we both were a bit skeptical when we ordered this unit.  but it was the only one on the market.  the unit has worked perfectly since we installed in four month(s) ago an(d) truly, we couldn't be more pleased."

"from the time we ordered this unit, and following, you and your dedicated staff have been with us every step of the way.  we are sending heartfelt appreciation for this wonderful system you have developed and especially for how it has enhanced our lives."
-p.m. & d.m (oak harbor, wa)










great ideas, inc.
bbb accredited with an a+ rating
(northbrook, il - usa)
manufacturer of the solution comfortseat®





official paypal buyer protection










all major credit cards, gsa smartpay, and e-checks are accepted!
paypal shopping cart is secured & encrypted for your protection. click for paypal security info.



shipping charges on this site are for shipping within the contiguous 48 united states only, using a respected carrier.  please contact us for shipping outside of the contiguous 48 states or for rush delivery options.







all material on this website © 2025 - great ideas inc.
call us: 

click here for legal info, return policies, and our privacy policy


