







media monitors - the leader in local media monitoring































































 
 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerblueskyfacebookinstagramlinkedintwitter
media monitorsthe leader in local media monitoringservices

radio
television
cable
digital
mm podcast monitoring
newspaper
qualitative research
mm attribution
mm direct response


company

about us
team
media releases
careers
weekly national charts
weekly internet charts


blog
training
contact
sign in
search this website






the leader in local media monitoring
from broadcast tv to local cable to radio to digital to podcasts and newspapers, media monitors delivers competitive intelligence in a fast and easy-to-use web platform. unmatched sales lead-generation and advertising analytics.
get in touch learn more





trusted by:




























services & products

it's our combination of expert human attention coupled with highly-sophisticated software that allows you to create same-day online reports anytime you want them, 24 hours a day. media monitors is accredited by the media ratings council (mrc) for its radio, cable and broadcast spot monitoring services.
 
radiowhether you’re working at an advertising agency planning media buys, or a program director who wants to scope out the competition, you need to know what’s on the air.
digitalmedia monitors local digital service gives you access to advertiser intelligence across hundreds of local websites each day. all our data is collected locally and delivered to you via a user-friendly online interface.
cableour local cable service is a powerful tool to track competitive advertising. use it to identify prospects for new business, increase your profitability from existing clients and improve accountability.
televisionwith broadcast tv, we provide both local and network spots. with our tv service, you can track advertising activity across broadcast tv stations in one or multiple markets.

newspapermedia monitors newspaper ad tracking service captures the print ads that appear in weekday, weekend and sunday editions of major market newspapers.
mm attributionmm attribution graphically overlays media monitors broadcast occurrence and impressions data to show the correlation between an advertising campaigns and an advertiser’s website traffic.
mm podcast monitoringmedia monitors podcast monitoring service analyzes all episodes of thousands of the most popular national podcasts downloaded across multiple markets.
direct responsewhether you’re doing a direct response campaign on local radio, tv or cable, mm direct response delivers powerful insights on how well it’s working.
our company
media monitors is the nation’s leading local monitoring company, serving the media and advertising industries with near real-time intelligence on broadcast tv, cable, radio, print and digital. media monitors is accredited by the media ratings council (mrc) for its radio, cable and broadcast spot monitoring services. outside the us, media monitors tracks a variety of media in major markets including canada, ireland, australia, india, new zealand, malaysia and south africa. media monitors holds multiple patents for its monitoring and data modeling technologies.




	ready to start your project?

get in touch
footerthe leader in local media monitoring
from broadcast tv to local cable to radio to digital to podcasts and newspapers, media monitors delivers competitive intelligence in a fast and easy-to-use web platform. unmatched sales lead-generation and advertising analytics.
media monitors headquarters

	1 north broadway
	14th floor
	white plains, ny 10601 

contact us
sales:
sales@mediamonitors.com
(914) 428-5971
support:
support@mediamonitors.com
800-676-3342


 copyright © 2025 media monitors. all rights reserved.
privacy policy | terms of use

cookie settings



blueskyfacebooklinkedintwitter













