




edwards yacht sales

















































javascript seem to be disabled in your browser.
you must have javascript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.




edwards yacht sales






866.365.0706


facebookyoutubetwitterinstagramlinkedin


menu



homeboats for sale



boat and yacht search


manufacturer




keyword




length rangelength range














year rangeyear range














price rangeprice range















eys listings
mls listings
 eys listings
 mls listings


search
advanced search









links
exclusive listingsmls searchfeatured yachtspowersailsearch by makeazimutbeneteaucarvercatalinafountaine pajothatterashunterjeanneaulagoonsea raysunseekertiaravikingsearch by typemotor yachtscenter consolestrawlersdowneastcatamarancruiserssport fishing boatsflybridgepilothouse



brokerage services


selling your yacht why list with eys marketing efforts what's my boat worth find an eys brokerbuying your next yacht why buy using a broker simple steps to buy a yacht find an eys broker boat financing

sold yachtsour crewabout eys


about us
broker locations
customer testimonials
share testimonial
news & events
contact us









boat and yacht search


manufacturer




keyword




length rangelength range














year rangeyear range














price rangeprice range

















eys listings


mls search







quick search by:

category

power
sail
catamaran






search inventory




mls power & sail searchview listings




mls power boat searchview listings




mls sailboat searchview listings




mls catamaran searchview listings




free market evaluationwhat's my boat worth














			featured boats




2002 linssen 470 grand sturdy
gulfport, fl, us
$260,000




2005 jefferson rivanna 50 sdmy
sebastian, fl, us
$444,000




1987 grand banks 42 classic
holmes beach, fl, us
$187,900




1985 ocean yachts 55 super sport
tampa, fl, us
$119,900













						buy a yacht
know more



						sell a yacht
know more




featured broker



leo thibault
 punta gorda, fl, us
 727.449.8222
 941.504.6754




profile
contact










				welcome to edwards yacht sales

				whether you are buying or selling your next boat or your first boat, one of edwards yacht sales 45+ professional yacht brokers throughout the southeast are here to assist. since 2003 we have acted as our clients trusted advisor throughout the entire process from shopping, to making an offer, to sea trial and survey, to closing and enjoying their new vessel. all our yacht brokers are experts and experienced boaters, some of them licensed captains. professionalism and honesty is what characterizes us throughout the entire sales cycle. we are here to help you every step of the way.

				if you are thinking of selling your yacht, marketing is the key. we have one of the most aggressive marketing programs in the industry across many different platforms such as internet marketing, email marketing, print advertising, boat shows and social media. eys invests a significant amount of its annual budget ensuring that its listings are properly exposed on over 50 mls services and websites both domestically and internationally.

				representing both buyers and sellers, our goal is always to make your experience in buying or selling a boat as easy and enjoyable as possible.  eys also works extensively with co-brokers ensuring maximum exposure of your vessel with brokers worldwide.

edwards yacht sales is consistently ranked among the top tier brokerages in the state of florida by volume of boats sold. eys continues to grow over the last 20+ years, in large part due to the referrals from happy clients. when you are ready to buy or sell your next boat, please visit our website or call one of our professional brokers at edwards yacht sales.. you dream it. we find it!

read morejoin our mailing list



featured testimonials




	we first contacted joe about a sundancer 320 he had listed. we were looking to sell our 280 and move up in size. joe expertly managed the prompt sale of our 280, and we were so impressed with his professionalism, we asked him to represent us as out agent as we pursued a 310 listed by a broker/dea...



matt and dale g. | 2006 sea ray sundancer 280





	i would like to give kevin barber my highest recommendation! he is patient, knowledgeable, hardworking, and personable. i had never purchased a larger boat. kevin was the seller's broker but that didn't dissuade him from asking me questions about what i wanted in a boat and whether t...



eric g. | 49' taswell 1990





	i first met leo shortly after i purchased my 2018 american tug 36. at that time greg clark was the american tug dealer and connected me with leo. that began our relationship as the to call guy with any issue. leo was always there when i needed him. i am now 82 and feel my reaction time is not as ...



bud t. | 36' american tug 365 2018





	in november 2022, we were fortunate to purchase a 2013 american tug 43 through our boat broker, leo thibault.  leo was a true first-class professional throughout the entire life cycle of the boat purchase.

	upon initial contact, he gathered information on our requirements and intentions f...



marc & hillary k. | 43' american tug 2013





	i cannot be more pleased to wholeheartedly endorse leo thibault and his team at edwards yacht sales after having represented us in the sale of our american tug 435.  after a brief and ultimately unsuccessful and frustrating experience in marketing "gratitude" ourselves though ...



gary l. | american tug 435





	 we engaged leo to help us sell our american tug 395.  some brokers will suggest a low starting price to make their job easier.  not leo.  he suggested a starting price that we felt was fair and accurately reflected the market.  in was obvious that leo gave the mater some...



hugh a. | american tug 395





	if you are looking for a full service yacht broker that does all the hard work for you, then look no further than the massey team. craig and shelli massey with edwards yacht sales in punta gorda florida are the dream team. my wife and i began looking for a new sportfish after relocating to the we...



bnb hinkelman | 35' cabo 1998





	when we purchased heartbeat (34-140) a few years ago to do the loop we were working with a broker in portland who was great but was more familiar with sailboats than powerboats.  as we were looking at at’s on the east coast the majority of them at the time were listed by leo.  we ...



kent s. | 34' american tug





	dear edwards,

	i just wanted to express my wholehearted appreciation of kevin’s magic on my recent transaction.  i have worked in the global sales industry for my entire career, managing teams from the us to china, and i have never had the pleasure of working with a better sales per...



matt b. | 40' kha shing





	dear joe, we thank you for your utmost professional manner in selling our boat which is rare to find in any industry these days.  you helped me with preparation advice; had a good understanding of the current market to get a fair price, were always prompt in communication, had the patience o...



roxanna and bud s. | jeanneau lagoon 35 ccc





	i would like to express my sincere thanks to kevin welsh, a broker who has helped me purchase and sell several yachts. he is extremely thorough, honest, easy to work with and competent. i have owned yachts for several decades now and was extremely happy with his hard work and dedication to sellin...



kevin | 74' hatteras cockpit motoryacht 1989captain/mastershoemaker labs, inc.





	i've been around boats for most of my life, but this was my first experience searching out and buying a used vessel. so, it was important to me that i found the right boat for my family, and a broker who would not only guide me through the process, but sincerely put my best interests first. j...



dan r. | 27' rinker cruiser 2005





	we used kevin welsh for our transition from mono hull to multihull.  we were impressed with all aspects of kevin’s handling of this difficult and expensive transaction and would not hesitate to recommend him for your boat buying needs.  we were entirely satisfied with both kevin a...



kat and jim | 42' lagoon catamaran





	russell and i are happy to rate and review kevin barber, edwards yacht sales, with five stars ... and wish there were ten stars to give him.

	as the broker for the seller of our catalina, kevin represented her extremely well by knowing her boat's every detail, thus being able to answer eve...



russell and pam brown | 35' catalina 350





	dear edwards yacht sales,

	can’t tell you how many times as i got ready to sell my boat that the old bromide “best day of owning a boat is the day you buy it and the day it sells”, was repeated to me”. i certainly identified with the first but though after my husbands d...



karen allen | 37' duffy





	thanks to mr. herb sternberg’s help, we were able to purchase 37 egg harbor safely. we owe thanks to him and we are very grateful to him. i would like to contact mr. herb sternberg again and i would like to talk with him. we look forward to your business as long as possible in the future.
...



masahito satake | 37' egg harbor





	kirk, 

	thanks all for an enjoyable purchase of charis. i'm back in louisiana with her, arriving on june 16th.the boat performed great covering 900 miles in 9 days. weather was off and on because of tropical storm colin. only part of trip we experienced an uncomfortable ride was the b...



mel and sissie






view all













navigation

home
boats for sale
brokerage services
sold yachts
our crew
about eys
contact us
login




about
whether you are buying or selling your next boat or your first boat, one of edwards yacht sales 45+ professional yacht brokers throughout the southeast are here to assist. since 2003 we have acted as our clients trusted advisor throughout the entire process from shopping, to making an offer, to sea trial and survey, to closing.


location
corporate office:
					510 brookside drive
clearwater, fl 33764


contact
email: sales@edwardsyachtsales.com
phone: 727.449.8222
toll free: 866.365.0706
fax: 727.298.0456






copyright © 2025 edwards yacht salesdo not sell my personal information
powered by yachtcloser






facebookyoutubetwitterinstagramlinkedin













top

































c



cookie control x

we have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better.
you can use this tool to change your cookie settings. otherwise, we’ll assume you’re ok to continue.

some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to work.
we also use some non-essential cookies to collect information for making reports and to help us improve the site. the cookies collect information in an anonymous form.
to control third party cookies, you can also adjust your browser settings.

turn cookies off


turn cookies on



i'm fine with this

information and settings
read less
about our cookies




captcha


