







trendsjournal.com – history before it happens





















































































 














markets by tradingview

















  
  
home
trends in the news
celente in the media
about

top forecasts 
about gerald celente 
testimonials 
consulting 
trends research institute 
books by gerald celente 
contact 


sign-in
affiliates
shop
subscribe
















 

















december 19, 202320231219202129 




















claim that cellphone radiation is harmless challenged by new peer-reviewed study
a newly released peer-reviewed study raised new questions about radiation and cell phone use—challenging industry claims that the only time radiation can be harmful is when it causes tissue heating.

 





disease-carrying mosquitoes have sex, then die
at australia’s macquarie university, researchers have found a way to poison female mosquitoes when they have sex.

 





u.s. intelligence says israel sees trump more likely to back strikes against iran
the israelis see u.s. president donald trump as a more willing participant than his predecessor if they decide to carry out strikes on iran’s nuclear centers and there is a likelihood that tel aviv will push the new president to support these attacks.

 





special report: china’s tech surge
china’s tech stocks are surging in price in the wake of start-up deepseek’s announcement of its world-class artificial intelligence system developed at a fraction of the costs that western developers have incurred to create theirs.

 





weight-loss drugs linked to muscle loss
“miracle weight-loss drugs” like ozempic and wegovy have been linked to significant muscle loss in users and—when the drug is stopped—the muscle weight that was lost was replaced by fat, according to a new study. 

 





u.s. credit card debt tops $1 trillion
americans now have a record $1.21-trillion balance on their credit cards, according to the new quarterly report from the federal reserve bank of new york.

 





ai briefs
meta will jettison about 4,000 employees, or roughly 5 percent of its workforce, as the company devotes more focus to ai.

 





as forecast: ukraine blames russia for attack on chernobyl nuke site
in the world today, you are not permitted to speak the truth or to make accurate trend forecasts. 

 





when the economy falls, jobs go with it
the federal government laid off 200,000 probationary employees and fixed-term contract employees throughout various federal agencies as president donald trump works to reduce government waste. 

 





what if ai doesn’t need so much electricity after all?
china’s deepseek ai was trained for $6 million using second-tier chips, the company says.

 





using ai, minus the surveillance: privacy expert gabriel custodiet
i recently interviewed gabriel custodiet of the watchman privacy podcast, and escapethetechnocracy.com.

 





eurozone economy grows in 2024’s fourth quarter
the economy of the 20-country eurozone grew 0.1 percent in 2024’s final three months, the eurostat statistics agency reported, revising its earlier estimate that the economy had flatlined.

 





france can no longer avoid budget cuts, government auditor says
as mounting debt payments are on track to surge in the years ahead, france cannot delay budget cuts, the government’s independent auditor told a press briefing.

 





german college cancels lecture by un special rapporteur who has been critical of israel’s genocide in gaza
the ludwig maximilian university of munich caused a stir last week when it cancelled a speech that was to be delivered by francesca albanese, the un special rapporteur for human rights in the occupied palestinian territories, claiming that there was a risk that clashing opinions could lead to a security issue.

 





swiss scientists perfect a better chocolate
chocolate is made from cocoa beans that grow in pods surrounded by pulp, which are trash. but they’re really not, according to researchers at eth, switzerland’s technical university.

 





trump disregards international law, maintains position on taking gaza
u.s. president donald trump last week remained resolute on his proposal to take gaza despite international law and indicated that washington can just swoop in and claim the ruined enclave. 

 













economic update—market overview2 
we have entered a new economic cycle, the likes of which we have not seen in recent history. indeed, we had forecast that two of our top trends for 2025 would be the trump card and the wild card.

read more 





an inflationary nightmare is rapidly approaching—and as of now, there is no way to stop it0 
while everyone is as usual being directed to “look over here, do not look over there,” via the mainstream media outlets and the geo-political goings on, an inflationary tsunami—(literally on an unprecedented scale), is rapidly approaching. 

read more 





u.s. dominance of equity markets is ending1 
the u.s. stock market’s global dominance will peak this year and then decline, michael hartnett, bank of america’s chief global strategist, has warned. 

read more 





using ai, minus the surveillance: privacy expert gabriel custodiet1 
i recently interviewed gabriel custodiet of the watchman privacy podcast, and escapethetechnocracy.com.

read more 





israel continues to intensify raids across the west bank, displaces at least 40,000 palestinians from camps0 
it is essentially no news in the mainstream western media that the israeli military continues to carry out raids across the west bank, displacing at least 40,000 palestinians during their expulsion operations last week.

read more 





occupy peace! trump says u.s. military budget could be cut in half0 
a key element of the occupy peace movement that gerald celente launched over a decade ago is for the u.s. to close its 800 military bases in some 70 countries and bring home the hundreds of thousands of its troops to secure the homeland. 

read more 










feb 18, 202520250218192756 





feb 11, 202520250211185102 





feb 4, 202520250204185500 





jan 28, 202520250128184324 





jan 21, 202520250121193521 






























global economy




spotlight: bigs getter bigger
drug colossus novartis will pay as much as $3.075 billion to buy out private equity firm blackstone’s majority share of anthos therapeutics.







special report: china’s tech surge
china’s tech stocks are surging in price in the wake of start-up deepseek’s announcement of its world-class artificial intelligence system developed at a fraction of the costs that western developers have incurred to create theirs.







luxury group kering’s sales dive
kering, the luxury conglomerate that owns 21 luxury brands including brioni, cartier, and st. laurent, posted fourth-quarter sales down 12 percent to €4.4 billion, year on year, sunk by weakness in gucci, the division that accounts for half of its sales and two-thirds of its profits. 








the israel war




israel continues to intensify raids across the west bank, displaces at least 40,000 palestinians from camps
it is essentially no news in the mainstream western media that the israeli military continues to carry out raids across the west bank, displacing at least 40,000 palestinians during their expulsion operations last week.







land-steal: israel says it will keep troops in 5 locations in southern lebanon
israel is in violation of another ceasefire agreement—this time with hezbollah—and announced monday that it will keep troops stationed at five locations throughout southern lebanon past the agreed-upon withdrawal date of 18 february.







anti-semite rabbis? hundreds of rabbis sign ad condemning gaza’s ethnic cleansing
hundreds of rabbis put their names on a full-page advertisement in the new york times last week that was titled, “jewish people say no to ethnic cleansing.”








ai




ai briefs
meta will jettison about 4,000 employees, or roughly 5 percent of its workforce, as the company devotes more focus to ai.







paris ai summit shows increasing resistance to regulation
at last week’s two-day artificial intelligence action summit in paris, something was missing that had been present at past gatherings in britain and south korea: extensive discussions of ai’s risks and how to mitigate them.







why ai models get dumber over time
ai models share another human trait: without constant maintenance, their mental faculties can deteriorate.








hi-tech science




disease-carrying mosquitoes have sex, then die
at australia’s macquarie university, researchers have found a way to poison female mosquitoes when they have sex.







injectable gel grows bone
osteoporosis causes bones to weaken and turn brittle and more breakable. the condition occurs when the body loses bone mass faster than it can be replaced and becomes more likely as we age.







swiss scientists perfect a better chocolate
chocolate is made from cocoa beans that grow in pods surrounded by pulp, which are trash. but they’re really not, according to researchers at eth, switzerland’s technical university.


















the above are just a few of the many articles in the latest trends journal. click here for the full edition.














































top forecasts
about gerald celente
testimonials
consulting
trends research institute
books by gerald celente
contact
eu consumer rights directive
 















































 
				the trends journal © 2024 / all rights reserved			













 



join us on september 28th on the four corners of freedom, john and crown st. in kingston, ny at 2pm for our annual peace rally.
speakers
judge andrew napolitano, scott ritter, max blumenthal, anya parampil and gerald celente
donate now | learn more
 


			×			






limited time offer
free t-shirt

offer ends

here’s the deal: sign up for a yearly subscription of the trends journal — the world’s best trend-forecasting magazine — and we’ll throw in our new t-shirt for free!
click here to subscribe


			×			





				our spring sale has started			

you can see how this popup was set up in our step-by-step guide: https://wppopupmaker.com/guides/auto-opening-announcement-popups/


			×			










































 skip to content



open toolbar

accessibility tools
 




accessibility tools



grayscalegrayscale 



high contrasthigh contrast 



negative contrastnegative contrast 



light backgroundlight background 



links underlinelinks underline 



readable fontreadable font 



reset
reset








