

  


erdman video systems, inc. :: construction webcams :: construction time-lapse :: time lapse production






























































 home


 products


all products


time-lapse systems


streaming systems


solar power kits




 services


cloud image archive


streaming video


time lapse


warranty protection


installation




 webcam directory


all cameras


construction webcams


beach webcams


park webcams




 learn more


comparison


faq


downloads


about us




 contact























capture your project with amazing clarity
powerful, flexible and reliable time lapse and streaming cameras for any project.
buy or rent today






















powerful
pitch your next construction proposal with a powerful 4k time lapse video presentation. use our cameras to show the world that
				you build the best buildings in the industry. showcasing your product is important for potential clients.







flexible
whether your project is 1 week or 3 years, we have the camera that will cover your project. rentals or purchase along with flexible time
				lapse production ensure you get the best bang for your buck.







reliable
we specifically designed our cameras to withstand the rigors of 24/7 outdoor operation. our hardware is reliable with near 100% uptime.
				solar power and cellular data packages increase reliability by providing true off-grid operation.













projects completed



megapixels per image



active cameras today

















cross device support
our project archive viewer plays nice with all modern browsers such as chrome, firefox, safari, opera and the latest versions of internet explorer (9 and up).







all the right specs
our hardware plus software suite checks all the marks for your project requirements. whether you need live video or high resolution photos, we got you covered.







easily embedded
need to get images or slideshows onto your own webpage? drive traffic to your own site by easily embedding our slideshow inline on your site with a single line of code.




















just to let you know we have been super satisfied with you and your company!
kevin g









thank you so much for your service. 100% reliable!
greg m









wish i would have found you guys years ago. i would have saved so much money!
kate n












find the next camera for your project.
get started today













company


home


products


services


about us


contact us




support


frequently asked questions


downloads


warranty policy


sales policy


website privacy policy & terms




get in touch

erdman video systems, inc.
                        3700 nw 124th ave #137
                        coral springs, fl 33065
p: 786-390-2883
                    

 sales@video-monitoring.com
                    


















website privacy policy & terms



privacy - we are committed to protecting your privacy. authorized employees within
						the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers.
						we constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers.
						any attempt to circumvent protections on our site against to gain information about our users is
						strictly forbidden. we will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking
						civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible.
					

confidentiality -  
						any and all information concerning our clients and their respective client records will never be
						passed to third parties including government agencies. we will not sell, share, or rent your
						personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. any emails
						sent by this company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products
						or in direct response to requests for information.
					

log files -  
						we use ip addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track a user's site navigation, and gather broad
						demographic information for aggregate use. ip addresses are not linked to personally identifiable
						information. additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting
						purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, os
						type, access times, url requested, and referral url. this information is not shared with third
						parties and is used only within this company on a need-to-know basis. any individually identifiable
						information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without
						your explicit permission.
					

cookies -    
 						like most interactive web sites this company's servers use cookies to enable us to retrieve user
 						details for each visit. cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this
 						area and ease of use for those people visiting. cookies are used to track a users number of visits and paths
 						through the site.
					

links to this website for non clients - 
   						a "non- client" is any party that has not purchased hardware, software or hosting services from us.
   						you are permitted to create a link to any page of this website without written consent. a link means you
   						place text within a standard anchor tag. you are strictly forbidden to "hotlink" content from our site. a
   						hotlink is placing an image or video or other content within a link for the purpose of display on a
   						third party site. violations of this policy will be actively pursued with litigation for content and bandwidth
   						theft.
					

links from this website - 
						we do not monitor or review the content of other party's websites which are linked to from this website.
						opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us
						and we should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. please be aware that we are
						not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. we encourage our users to be
						aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of these sites. you should evaluate
						the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site
						yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. this company will not accept any
						responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your
						disclosure to third parties of personal information.
					

copyright - 
						all content found on this website is the copyright of erdman video systems, inc. except for some content
						provided by our clients for display with their camera images, unless the content is otherwise disclaimed.
						the use of images and content by a third party for any purpose is strictly forbidden unless written consent
						is provided by erdman video systems, inc. if consent is given, links must follow the written guidelines
						provided. erdman video systems, inc. may at any time revoke the privilege to link content for any reason.
					

warranty of service - 
						erdman video systems, inc. makes no warranties, express or implied, including without limitation, and any
						implied warranty of merchantability of fitness for a particular purpose to customer in connection with its
						use of the service. in no event shall erdman video systems, inc. be liable for incidental or consequential
						damages to the full extent the same may be disclaimed by law. customer acknowledges that service
						interruptions will occur from time to time and agrees to hold company harmless for all such interruptions.
						at no point should any images, data, or information provided on these websites be used as navigational aides. any such use is not
						recommended and not reliable for the safety of human life and as such erdman video systems shall not be held liable according to the above.
					



 ok
















sales policy & payment terms



prices herein - are retail prices and are subject to change without notice.
					

quotations - estimates are given at no charge for written, faxed, e-mailed or
						telephoned requests. unless otherwise specified, quotations are valid for 30 days. we are not
						responsible for verbal estimates.
					

sales tax - erdman video systems, inc. is required to charge state and local 
						tax within the state of florida on items for which sales tax exemption certification has not 
						been provided. outside the state of florida, you must remit sales tax (if any) directly to your
						state.
					

payment terms and placing orders - payment is expected at the time services
						are rendered unless other arrangements have been made with our credit department. erdman video 
						systems, inc. requires 100% of the purchase price or 3 months of rental price at the time of
						shipment unless net30 terms are setup(see below). evs will start production once a purchase order
						or signed estimate is received. lead time is 1 week from the date purchase order is 
						received unless otherwise noted.
					

net 30 - for purchasers with established credit, terms are net 30 days from 
						date of shipment. purchasers with established credit shall submit purchase orders when placing
						an order. if credit is not established, purchaser must pay for items ordered at the time an order 
						is shipped according to payment terms above. all payments must
						be in u.s. dollars; checks must be made payable to erdman video systems, inc. we also accept
						visa/master card/american express, and wire transfers. for wire transfer 
						information, please contact evs. furthermore, purchaser authorizes erdman video systems, inc.
						to use any means necessary to establish the validity of all information submitted.
					

freight policy - purchaser is responsible for paying freight charges. erdman
						video systems, inc insures all packages for the replacement value of that item. at erdman video
						systems, inc's discretion, freight policy for orders may be subject to special terms and conditions.
						if product is damaged in transit, purchaser must file claim exclusively with carrier, vessel and/or
						insurance company.
					

return policy - evs provides a 45 day return period from the day purchaser receives the
						equipment. all returns must be received before the return period expires. all returns must be in the original packaging and are subject to a 15% restocking fee.
						any goods that are open are subject to 40% restocking fee per evaluation upon return of goods. any damages
						found upon return will be subject to further costs depending upon the value of the damaged good. all shipping
						costs are not refundable. 
						
					



 ok
















warranty policy



hardware warranty - evs provides a warranty against equipment and software defects or 
						bugs that impair the proper functioning of the system for 1 year from the date of receipt.
						this includes electronics and camera failure not due to large power surges, electrical storms, 
						other acts of nature, improper use, or negligence. repair of any equipment will involve 
						discussion with someone at the site and the return of equipment if necessary, to evs for 
						immediate repair (shipping paid for by the client). repair time will be 5 working days or less.
						return shipment will be paid by evs.
					

hardware warranty with zenith protection - evs provides a monthly warranty against equipment and software defects or 
						bugs that impair the proper functioning of the system for as long as the monthly payment is current
						and the system is not older than 5 years or snapped more than 150,000 shutter actuations.
						this includes computer and camera failure not due to large power surges, electrical storms, 
						other acts of nature, improper use, or negligence. repair of any equipment will involve 
						discussion with someone at the site and the return of equipment if necessary, to evs for 
						immediate repair (shipping paid for by the client). repair time will be 3 working days or less.
						return shipment will be paid by evs. 
					

installation warranty - evs provides no warranty for the installation and/or maintenance
						performed by the client or a third party. evs will not monetarily compensate for any installation, maintenance,
						or work performed for repair of a system in the case of a malfunction or warranty repair and/or replacement.
						installation, maintenance, and repair work are the sole responsibility of the client and/or the clients agents. 
					

lost or stolen equipment - evs provides no warranty for lost or stolen equipment. securing the
						device and/or securing access to the device is the sole responsibility of the client. if the client desires to 
						procure insurance for the device in question they can do so from any third party insurance agency that will cover 
						such devices. erdman will furnish necessary information for any such requests.
					



 ok


















