
















my health, wealth, and self improvement blog







































































my health, wealth, and self improvement blog






























































































thursday, september 4, 2014







recent events and reviews





okay, so if you are one of my friends in my google circles or on facebook, and if you have been following me for any length of time then you may already know what i have been up to recently. if not i will give you an update here.

i recently blogged about a great resource to help you lose weight fast. after my own successful low carb dieting over the last 10 years i am excited to bring you the information on this exciting diet to drop pounds quickly. i know how effective this diet can be and the fact that it is used by professionals, athletes, body builders, and celebrities shows just how awesome and effective it really can be.

i also gave my honest opinion and review of the naked beauty symulast method for cellulite weight loss by trainer joey atlas. and just for your information, yes, that video of the naked beauty symulast review on the page is of yours truly! i personally use and love this program and have found it to be very effective in toning up and removing the dimples of cellulite on my back side, so it comes highly recommended as it is a great exercise program.

i like to keep in shape, and working a full time job, managing 5 children and blogging on top of it all i do manage to fit in time for a workout, especially this one by joey atlas, as it only takes 15 to 20 minutes 3 times per week, so i have personally found it to be very rewarding as well as effective in fighting the cellulite on my back side.

if you are looking for some great weight loss solutions then these are some of your best. cellulite specifically is a target problem area for many women and this program is very effective in fighting the cellulite on the back of your legs and butt area.

i have been a strict low carb dieter for years yet the cellulite holds on and getting it off these problem areas has been a real challenge for me. hope this helps and glad y'all could catch up. talk to you soon!





posted by



unknown




at

4:43 pm



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me




unknown



view my complete profile



blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2014

(1)





        ▼ 
      



september

(1)

recent events and reviews


















































watermark theme. powered by blogger.
























