






fish tales charters cairns guided fishing charters - reef, river & estuary fishing























 













0418194517
barra@fishtales.com.au



facebook




x




instagram


 





facebook




x




instagram



 












home
about us
tours

cairns estuary fishing
cairns river fishing
cairns reef fishing
cairns private charters fishing
cairns barramundi fishing


contact details
call us now
 


select page


  
 
 














reef fishing
fish with us!









estuary fishing
fish with us!









river fishing
fish with us!






























cairns fishing charters
a unique adventure fishing experience on the
estuary, river or reef!

fish tales charters cairns fishing adventures offer guided fishing charters to 3 different locations from cairns; trinity inlet (the cairns harbour) for estuary fishing; mulgrave and russell rivers & mutchero inlet for river fishing approximately 40 kms south of cairns) and fishing on the world famous great barrier reef for cairns reef fishing.
come fishing with us here in cairns!

cairns estuary fishing live-bait fishing for a barramundi, mangrove jack, fingermark, king threadfin, blue threadfin, grunter (also known as javelin fish), queen fish (also known as queenie), bream, trevally species, flathead on a cairns estuary fishing charter.
cairns river fishing live-bait barramundi, fingermark or mangrove jacks over our winter months; or consider popper fishing from may, june, july and august for the ultimate in sportsfish a queen fish aka queenie or gt giant trevally for a cairns river fishing charter.
cairns reef fishing, for something a little bigger to test you our reef fishing on the great barrier reef from cairns for the ever popular small mouth or  large mouth nannygai, coral trout, cobia, spanish mackerel, or fingermark on our cairns reef fishing charter.
gt popper fishing on the reef  for giant trevally is one of the fishing guide’s personal favourite fishing charter. put in on your bucket list.

fish tales charters is proudly owned and operated by cairns locals, darryl and raewyn. darryl has enjoyed fishing his whole life; spending every possible moment not only fishing and exploring the local cairns area from hinchinbrook island to weipa on the cape york peninsula including reef, rivers and creeks in-between; many a holiday was & always will be spent with his wife raewyn, the dog/s and a boat in tow.
darryl has an extensive local knowledge and wealth of fishing experience in cairns & the cairns region in far north queensland this makes him the best fishing guide in cairns. just recently, has spent time being a fishing guide in papua new guinea, along side captain barry cross. captain barry cross introduced the world of popper fishing on the great barrier reef for gt`s (also known as giant trevally) to darryl.
put on your bucket list gt popper fishing on the reef!
and lastly, just come along and have fun!
in the media
la times: down under, king of jungle is a barramundi : the marlin is better known, but this gamefish is the most popular one in australia
cairns post: vic mccristal am, renowned outdoor journalist and founding president of ansa, to be remembered by the fishing world
cairns post: almost 60 sharks caught in past year off cairns coastline

 
 






gift certificates

a fish tales charters gift voucher is an amazing present!
we offer gift vouchers for all our fishing charters. all gift voucher are valid for 3 years from date of purchase.
for the receiver booking is essential via email barra@fishtales.com.au or phone us direct 0418 194 517.
gift voucher to be handed in upon boarding vessel. gift vouchers are non refundable. gift vouchers can not be exchanged.

fishy news


book your cairns car rental

if you are looking to rent a car during your stay (or any time) you can get 10% off at right price car rentals!
use coupon code “fishtales10” for your 10% discount.
”they even have after hours key collection & drop off available for your convenience.”




 

 
 






booking conditions


all guests are required to make contact with fish tales charters cairns 0418194517  the evening prior for their booking to re-confirm.
all charters are subject to minimum and maximum numbers for departure.
all charters will be deemed suitable weather by the `master of vessel`.
when a charter has been cancelled, passengers may decide to re-book on later date or 100% of payment will be refunded.
our cancellation policy less than 24 hours with 100% cancellation fee to apply.
should customers `no show` for charter without notification of  at least 24 hours, a full cancellation fee of 100% will apply.
fish tales charters cairns fishing charters accepts no responsibility for passenger/s personal effects.
guests are advised (suitable for protection from the sun, wind and water) to wear a long sleeve cotton shirt and wide brim hat and to bring along sunscreen, their sunglasses and insect repellant.
guests can bring along a few beers (cans only) with consumption in moderation only. disorderly conduct will not be tolerated, guests will be returned to land with no refund.
all bookings will be required to be paid in full to confirm booking. 
credit card facilities are available-credit card fee may apply.
fish tales charters reserves the right to alter the terms, conditions and pricing without notice.
all prices quoted are in australian dollars and are inclusive of gst.emc environment management charge (also known as reef tax) does not include gst.
the material on this internet site is made available for the purpose of providing access to current information and is not provided as professional advice.
links provided to other internet sites are provided for the user’s convenience and do not constitute endorsement of the information at those sites.
we accept no responsibility for material contained in any site that is linked to this internet site.
all quotations provided are subject to availability of services quoted and are not guaranteed until the booking is confirmed and required payment received.
all rods & reels as well all lures/poppers to be replaced if lost.
covid-19 work safe practicesto help us with safe work practices we are introducing the following-if you have any of the following symptoms of covid-19 i.e. fever, cough, feeling unusually tired, diarrhoea, loss of smell, loss of taste, sore throat, running nose, trouble breathing, vomitting, feeling ill and prolong headache, please get tested first.
we ask all our customers to wash hands prior to boarding and we will provide hand sanitizer and/or the use of a bucket of water and soap for all to use.
the vessel will be thoroughly cleaned and disinfected after each charter.
we ask everyone to respect each other’s space/social distancing-let common sense prevail.
these procedures are subject to change as per necessary.
and lastly, just come along and have fun!














note from 1st july 2023 reef tax (environmental management charge) is $8.00 per person for all reef fishing charters.









 
















mon 6:30am–6:30pmtues 6:30am–6:30pmwed 6:30am–6:30pmthur 6:30am–6:30pmfri 6:30am–6:30pmsat 6:30am–6:30pmsun 6:30am–6:30pm








0418 194 517






barra@fishtales.com.au








marlin marina, finger d, berth 2, pierpoint road, cairns, queensland, australia, cairns city qld 4870






4 victory close,
edmonton, queensland, 4869, australia.











© fish tales



handy links:  weather  |  sea info  |  fishing limits



followfollowfollowfollow



 










