








831 web - web site designers and programmers specialize in modern design, development, programming, hosting, video, technology training and social media set up. 831web – web design, search engine optimization, graphic design and web hosting by 831web, fergus falls, mn.


































































 

 














a web development company



web.com









home
about us
services

full service custom web design
self manageable sites
website optimization that works
hosting and maintenance plans
personal web consultation
e-commerce / shopping cart sites
social media consultation
video production / editing


portfolio
videos
help

solution center
tutorials

etomite / etofork
wordpress
magento


manuals


contact us
 


follow us on twitter
join us on facebook
join us on linkedin
 rss feeds































web site development and solutions
 custom website design means that we will start with a blank slate and design the website specifically to your company’s needs. 831 will design your website from scratch to fit all your needs. your  website should reflect your business /brand and at 831 we make that happen.
read more


e-commerce / shopping cart sites
 woocommerce is the industry-leading ecommerce platform for wordpress trusted by thousands of top brands and industry leaders. with years of e-commerce development experience, 831 web provides the expertise you need for your next ecommerce development project.
read more


social media consultation, set up, and implementation
 our social media consultant specializes in educating companies about social media opportunities, and how social media can have a positive effect on their business. he will develop  plans that include complete social media strategies and ways to increase sales.

read more










831 web design , consultation,  problem solvers, business solutions  the 831web team of designers and programmers specialize in modern design, development, programming, hosting and customer service.

specialties
web design, video production, technology training, seo, social media consulting, after effects, media consulting, custom php coding
 
  recent posts from 831 web 

pci compliance


mbox to maildir converter tool


magento refund / credit memo


etomite – create a new page


wordpress documentation




contact us 


						please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns.  we pride ourselves in great customer service and want to hear from you!					

831 e. vasa ave, fergus falls, mn 56537
phone: (218) 739-3308
email: john@831web.com


						thank you for visiting our site!					



© copyright 2013 831web.com. all rights reserved. 
home
about us
services
portfolio
videos
contact















