


insulating house paint and paint additives energy saving insulating house paint products











insulatinghouse paint products
a nasa technology partner company


































energy saving insulating paint and paint additiveshy-tech insulating paint productswill insulate any painted surface.save energy...save money...improve comfort 
consumer energy expenses are rising more and more every day and hy-tech has the solution with our energy efficient, insulating paint, coatings, and powdered ceramic insulating paint additive that makes any paint an insulation coating.

hy-tech thermal solutions
produces heat reflecting, insulating paint products based on the insulating ceramic technology developed by nasa for use in space vehicles to reduce heat. hy-tech insulating ceramics reduce heat transfer by reflecting heat away from the painted surface and by forming a uv filtering barrier on the surface that is painted. hy-tech insulating ceramics are available in two easy to use products.
"thermacels"tm an insulating additive for paint

this non-toxic, white powdered additive for paint adds heat reflecting properties to any paint or coating. the easy to use paint additive can be mixed into any paint or coating  to give that paint heat reflecting properties.
hy-tech insulating ceramic paint  convenient pre-mixed, ceramic filled insulating paints and coatings for a wide variety of surfaces. hy-tech pre-mixed insulation paints and coatings for residential, commercial and industrial use are formulated for maximum heat reduction and ease of use.simply open the can and "brush away your high energy bills"
now any home, commercial building, and all transportation vehicles with inadequate insulation or no insulation can become more energy efficient simply by applying...hy-tech insulating ceramic paint products.
if you are tired of paying high utility bills and being uncomfortable, then join the long list of satisfied users who are saving money every day with
 documented savings of 30% and more!


major industry, army corps of engineers, fema, federal aviation administration, u. s. and foreign government agencies, homeowners, condominiums and consumers worldwide who are saving real money on their heating and cooling bills and living more comfortably by painting with hy-tech ceramic  paint products!


hy-tech products selected by nasa
next:  how insulating ceramics work


we supply the solutionsyou just need to apply them



         













products



insulating  additive for paint



insulating paint & coatings

insulating house paintsindustrial coatingsclear coatingsroof coatings fire retardants



sundries/supplies




information



r values



radiant barriers



savings



testimonials



faq's



how to



technical datadownload info





customer service



order here



international sales



contact info



home



site map






search this site











email this page











insulating additive | 
paint listings |  
sundries & supplies |  
faq'sshipping information | 
painting tips | 
paint calculator | 
contact | 

 |  home | 


usa order toll free: 1-866-649-8324 * international orders: 321-984-9777 * fax: 321-984-1022
copyright 2004 and terms of usethank you for taking the time to learn more about hy-tech's insulating paint products"the space age solution to energy conservation"
this website is part of the hy-tech thermal solutions, llc network of insulation paint websites:
main sales | make paint insulate | insulating house paint.com | insulating solutions.cominsulate with paint | hytech corporate website | diy home tips

