research triangle restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in research triangle by diningguide
homeaboutcontactresearch triangle restaurantsmobile versionwebsite directory list your restaurant (free) add url bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > research triangle home pageresearch triangle restaurantsrestaurant posts“just like in italy, food and family come first at your pie.”“just like in italy, food and family come first at your pie. their passion for improving t…”posted by: your pie - raleigh“italian restaurant in midtown raleigh”“mia francesca trattoria is an italian restaurant in raleigh located in north hills raleig…”posted by: mia francesca trattoria“breakfast and lunch - all american favorites!”“the ingredients used at top this cafe are fresh, never frozen, and all sandwich toppings …”posted by: top this caferestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“never again”non-member, reader - “i informed the waitress that my son had an egg allergy and …”said about: state farmer's market restaurant“bad dining”non-member, reader - “red sauce tasted like oragno pasta was like rubber not good…”said about: 518 west“surprised”non-member, reader - “i was very surprised to see o'charley's listed in the fine …”said about: o'charley'swe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's raleigh diningguide, 
a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan raleigh, durham and chapel hill, north carolina.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find raleigh, durham and chapel hill restaurants by location or cuisine.

while separate diningguides for durham and chapel hill are in preparation, you will find dining options for all of the raleigh - durham - chapel hill research triangle, comprising durham's duke, raleigh's north carolina state, and chapel hill's university of north carolina, within the raleigh diningguide. the greater raleigh - durham - chapel hill area is a showplace for cutting edge culture, trendy restaurants on tree-lined streets, and hip nightspots serving tasty fare along with spirited libations. it's been noted that dim sum and risotto are as common as grits and corn bread on many triangle area menus, but that doesn't signal a dearth of lip-smacking southern fried or barbequed traditional favorites. 

without getting involved in turf wars on which triangle city has more rah-rah campus or restaurant appeal, suffice it to mention steakhouses are plentiful here, from well-known chains such as outback to raleigh's own famed angus barn, literally a barn big enough to seat 500, and known for its 35-page wine and beer list. for southern chic, crook's corner in downtown chapel hill -- look for the pink pig on the roof -- tantalizes with crab gumbo and buttermilk pie. for breakfast or lunch, those in the know head for big ed's city market restaurant in raleigh, decorated to the hilt with political memorabilia from presidential candidates stopping to chow down on such delectables as biscuits and jelly or eggs and brains.

diningguide raleigh is part of metroguide raleigh, offering guides to shopping, hotels and more for the entire region.

raleigh dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan raleigh 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·raleigh
restaurants centrally located near the crabtree valley mall, civic center and north carolina state university, as well as dining options outside of downtown in the metropolitan raleigh area 

·chapel hill
restaurants in the city of chapel hill, very close to the university of north carolina campus 

·cary
restaurants in and around the metropolitan cary area, located west of raleigh 

·raleigh airport
dining options in and around the triangle park - raleigh - durham international airport (rdu), near the research triangle park, including in and around the town of morrisville 

·durham
dining options in durham, near research triangle park, duke university and north carolina central university 

raleigh dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
americanbarbequechineseinternationalitalianmexicanpizzeriaseafoodsteak
to return to the diningguide raleigh home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at research triangle restaurantsmartin amini comedic performance live… performance - comedic the grille at goodnight'sfri 3/7/25 sat 3/8/25 steve hofstetter comedic performance live… performance - comedic the grille at goodnight'stue 3/18/25 cactus tate comedic performance live… performance - comedic the grille at goodnight'sthu 2/27/25 chad & jt comedic performance live… performance - comedic the grille at goodnight'stue 2/4/25 craig conant comedic performance live… performance - comedic the grille at goodnight'swed 3/5/25 thu 3/6/25 jordan jensen comedic performance live… performance - comedic the grille at goodnight'sthu 1/30/25 fri 1/31/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide charlottediningguide greensborodiningguide greenville, ncdiningguide wilmington - cape fearrelated links:diningguide ashevillemetroguide.network > diningguide > research triangle home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide research triangle are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidedirectorymore locations...



research triangle restaurants:our readers'3 smile favorites1705 primespice & currylucky 32 restaurant caryruth's chris steak housetap city saloonronnie's chuckwagonbonefish grillfred chason's grandsons carolina's famous buffettaverna agoracici's pizzaapplebee'sapplebee'schick-fil-afox and hound pub & grille411 west


