


baby boomers blog





























	               baby boomers blog
	               




about me

name:  eileen silva, ph.d.,n.d. 
location:  southlake, tx 
eileen silva, ph.d., n.d., ctn, is a doctor of natural health and naturopathy, in southlake, texas, with a practice in metabolic health, weight, and body balancing. she has been treating patients and teaching workshops on integrative medicine for over 18 years. eileen has appeared on tv and radio talk shows coast-to-coast, lectured extensively, and has developed a breakthrough technology, colored bar-graph, computerized body analysis program. her newly-released book, a healthier you, joins her best-selling, fat chance at last! ---how to go beyond willpower, in offering lifestyle changes for better health results. as ceo of hegan center, eileen has trained and certified medical doctors and chiropractors for almost a decade. her innovative wellness techniques have been used to help thousands of individuals achieve weight loss and better fitness. eileen's programs have also brought enhanced energy, weight balance, and longevity to professionals in corporate wellness programs. eileen is an active member of the american naturopathic medical association, the american holistic health association, and the health sciences institute.
view my complete profile






previous posts

what doctors don't want you to know about preventi...
new year - new you!
attention deficit disorder
happy july 4th!!
summer barbecues
water...the universal catalyst
june in skin cancer awareness month
how would you like to add years to your life…and o...
mother's day special
may is national better sleep month

archive

october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
january 2007
march 2007
december 2007
january 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
january 2009
november 2009


links

dr. eileen silva
google news
future link

web site counters









tuesday, november 10, 2009



                      	 
                      	 what doctors don't want you to know about preventing flu and h1n1 swine flu
	                       
                          

h1n1 swine flu vaccine vs. preventing the flumany people have been going on the annual trek to the doctor, clinic, etc. for an annual flu shot and now the h1n1 swine flu vaccine to prevent the flu. even though this method is not without some risk, most people think that the positives outweigh the negatives when getting the immunization.is getting a flu vaccine the only flu prevention method?is getting a flu shot is the only option? are there effective ways to prevent these common virally transmitted illnesses . . . and if so, what are they?  well, first, consider the history of the flu - what about prevention - your grandmother was onto something with that chicken soup theory; non-substantiated research does show that chicken soup seems to help with weakened immunity. chicken soup is particularly helpful if you have it instead of heavy foods that bog your system down.sensible steps of protection against the fluyou've probably heard the saying about starving or feeding the flu. drinking 8 or more glasses of pure water per day  is one of the best measures to prevent flu and protect your immune system.  how does it work?  drinking pure water detoxifies your system and helps maintain good oxygenation.  take a good natural vitamin/mineral support system product as well to keep your immune system in charge and allow the body to do what it does best. on june 19, 2002, the american medical association published the recommendation that americans should be taking daily vitamins for "chronic disease prevention." so get your veggies!  you will want to eat 8 or more servings of vegetables and fruits, especially green ones. the more colorful your vegetables and fruits are, the better they will be for you. there are some great supplements that can help increase your "green" servings.    my personal favorite for a great way to supplement veggies is a product called  vital green by first fitness.ph balanceachieving your 8 servings of fruits and vegetables each day will not only help you avoid flu and colds, but it will also be a good anti-cancer regimen, as cancer always strikes those with an over-acid ph system.  using of prescription and over-the-counter drugs drives your system to acidic which actually encourages disease to flourish. fruits and vegetables will also help you reach your goal of having a more alkaline system.  get some ph strips and spit into a paper cup then dip a test strip of ph paper into your saliva first thing in the morning, before you have had anything to eat or drink.  your goal is to be at 7.0 or higher on the color chart.  every gradation drop off of 7.0 is a multiplication of 10x, so obviously you will be a lot more disease-free if you can elevate your ph from the lower range.the best prevention - exercise and sleepyou can further help with avoidance of flu and colds by exercising regularly, which helps oxygenate the body, improving your energy levels and helping over-all body systems (like elimination) function better. it is also important that you get plenty of sleep, and the same thing is true for your children.hands hygieneit is also very important to wash your hands thoroughly with each bathroom use, as well as any time you have touched germ-laden objects (like doorknobs or telephones). it is a great idea to carry sanitized wipes so that after you handle anything which is likely to be contaminates, you can be safe rather than sorry.  for swine flu specifically, health care practitioners are recommending staying about 6 feet away from anyone coughing or sneezing and if you are coughing or sneezing yourself, do so in the bend of your elbow instead of your hands.healthy choicesyou can also keep the flu and other viruses at bay by using a parasite-controlling protocol.  this helps the system maintain a good flora balance.  and remember this: the same healthy choices (like eating nourishing foods, etc.) that help you keep your weight under control, will also help you stay healthier, feel more energetic, and help you become a disease fighter instead of a disease magnet.  review the following list to keep you naturally preventing the swine and other flus this season.12 important tips for remaining healthy1.  drink at least 8 glasses or more of water daily2.  keep your system in an alkaline range3.  eat a healthy diet, including at least 8 servings of vegetables and fruits.4.  take a multi-vitamin and mineral product daily5.  exercise regularly6.  get your recommended sleep allotment7.  keep your body systems cleansed8.  wash hands with soap often and practice good hygiene9.  manage stress10. avoid unnecessary medications11. lose unnecessary weight12. avoid close indoor proximity to sick people when possible.you can find more healthy news you can use at        eileen silva's websiteor more access to healthy supplements at dr. silva's health sitelabels: flu, flu prevention, swine flu, swine flu prevention

posted by eileen silva, ph.d.,n.d. | 4:45 pm
       |
         0 comments
 





monday, january 05, 2009



new year - new you!


at the beginning of each new year i often hear my clients say to me "this is the year they will lose weight and keep it off.”  my answer is always the same…diets don’t work-body chemistry does. i believe a "no calorie counting" weight management program with a focus on nutrition and fitness based on body chemistry corrections is the only realistic way to lasting weight loss success. by piecing together the clues, i can uncover the real issues to underlying health problems. using a revolutionary metabolic balance technology computerized system, you or someone you love can lose weight, achieve better health, and overcome previously undiagnosed health problems through natural health methods. the above mentioned metabolic balancing system is usually $64.95 just to process the profile plus $85.00 for a consultation but i would like to offer anyone reading this blog a discounted price of $35.00 (including a free phone consultation with me). if you want to make 2009 your best year yet and change your health forever then give my office a call at 817-424-5204 and i will help you make this year your best yet!

posted by eileen silva, ph.d.,n.d. | 1:49 pm
       |
         0 comments
 





thursday, july 17, 2008



attention deficit disorder


if you have been told that your child needs to be treated for “hyperactivity” or that your child may need to be evaluated by a school psychologist for attention deficit disorder then you are not alone.there are many avenues for you to explore that do not include prescribed medications.first, the average american watches 6 hours of television each day.  this is over-stimulating and produces negative messaging.  it is good to limit your child to no more than 2 hours (or less) of television viewing a day.  this is a good idea for the computer as well.  instead, occupy your child’s time with outdoor activities.   this will keep them physically fit and is more stimulating than sitting all day.second, diet really does matter.  cut out as much sugar, white flour, fats, chemical additives and preservatives as you can.  have your child drink plenty of pure water (use an interesting glass and straw to stimulate acceptance.)  substitute rewards such as happy meals and desserts for a trip to the zoo or buy them a new book to read.third, sleep.  make sure your child get 8 hours of sleep.  see the below sleep chart to see if your child is getting adequate sleep each night.  1 year old – 14 hours (including 1 or 2 naps)2 year old – 11-12 hours, plus 30 minutes after-lunch nap3 year old – 12-12 ½ hours, some may still need a nap4 year old – 11 ½-12 hours, no nap for most children this age5 year old – 11 hours6 year old – 10 ¾-11 hours7 year old – 10 1/2-11 hours8 year old – 10 ¼-10 ¾ hours9 year old – 10-10 ¼ hoursage 10 – puberty – 9 ¾-10 hoursteens – 9 ¼ hoursfourth, zavita!  often called the elixir-of-life, zavita comes from the amazon rainforest and is perfect for mental clarity and focus.  by taking 2 oz. of zavita in the morning and 2 oz. of zavita at night your child will gain back his/her focus and have mental clarity to help them excel academically.  if you would like more information on this product please call my office at 817-424-5204.finally, have a positive outlook.  remember that you are not alone.  in some school districts nearly half of the students were labeled with such problems.  please check out my website www.myzavita.com/healthyday for more information.

posted by eileen silva, ph.d.,n.d. | 9:38 am
       |
         2 comments
 





monday, june 30, 2008



happy july 4th!!


in celebration of our countries independence, i want to help you gain your independence from those extra pounds that may be keeping you from a healthy and fit summer.these products will help you gain confidence, achieve your weight loss goals and keep you in shape all summer long.these specials go quickly so get your order in now while supplies last!the women’s ultra wellness pak• first essentials for women vitamins• body fx - a delicious meal replacement shake available in three different flavors   • regenesis -  an anti wrinkle cream• renu – to help you cleanse and detoxify the intestinal system• rejuvacel – helps support and protect healthy joints                                                                                                                                                       special pack price $150.00 ($175.00 value) weight management pak• suddenly slim! 10-day program – containing a 10-day supply of body fx meal replacement shakes, slim n up! and reneu• gone 4 good – helps reduce the absorption of carbohydrates, diminish hunger, enhance fat metabolism, increase lean body mass and reduce calories• suddenly slim! weight controlbar – a crunchy and delicious yogurt-covered weight control bar        special pack price $99.95 ($116.85 value)i would also like to offer you the chance to learn exactly what your body needs to successfully loose the weight and keep it off with my body balancing system – the body fitness profile.  yours with your order for only $35 (an $85 value) plus a free consultation!i hope you all have a safe and happy holiday!dr. silva

posted by eileen silva, ph.d.,n.d. | 1:02 pm
       |
         0 comments
 





wednesday, june 11, 2008



                      	 
                      	 summer barbecues
	                       
                          

this summer when you have friends, relatives and neighbors over for a backyard bbq…consider this…a typical bbq is about 2,260 calories.that’s not even including dessert!!!burgers, hot dogs, macaroni salad, potato salad and potato chips are the most popular bbq items.  throw in dessert and a cool drink and you top out at almost 3,000calories…yikes!if you tried to work off those calories you would have to spend hours at the gym.  who has that much time in their day to devote to exercise?  not me!i have a menu for you to try for your next bbq that will give you more variety and better health choices but still all the bbq flavor.first, exchange the meat burgers for lean turkey or veggie burgers.  you can save calories by skipping the bun and using mustard instead of mayonnaise.second, instead of hot dogs try poultry sausages.third, try chicken, fish and seafood over steak or ribs.fourth, grill your vegetables.  pour a small amount of extra virgin olive oil over your sliced vegetables, season with salt or your favorite seasoning and grill…delicious!fifth, dessert.  grill sliced pineapple for a few minutes on each side.top with a drizzle of chocolate sauce and low fat cool whip and you have a satisfying sweet treat.to learn more on fitness and health tips make sure you visit my website at www.eileensilva.com.i hope you all have a healthy and safe summer!

posted by eileen silva, ph.d.,n.d. | 1:23 pm
       |
         0 comments
 





wednesday, june 04, 2008



                      	 
                      	 water...the universal catalyst
	                       
                          

summer officially starts on june 21st. water consumption is vital all year long but especially in the summer.  water makes up 60% of our body weight.  if you don’t drink enough water it can lead to dehydration.when you sweat or exert yourself in any physical activity your body looses water.i recommend drinking 2 quarts of pure water a day.  if you are exerting yourself you may want to drink up to 3 quarts.  water consumption is best consumed through a straw or sipped.  if you drink water too fast it can lead to a stomach ache and various other health problems.remember that water means just that.  tea, coffee and soda have water in them but plain water is what your body needs for proper nourishment.  have ever wondered just how much water your body needs?  i have a revolutionary body balancing system that you can try for only $35.00.  that includes a consultation with me for free!  this is an $85.00 value but yours for a limited time only for only $35.00!please call my office at 817-424-5204 to have a body fitness profile questionnaire mailed or emailed to you at no additional cost.  you can also visit my website at www.dreileensilva.com for more information.  i hope you all have a healthy, happy and refreshing summer!dr. eileen silva

posted by eileen silva, ph.d.,n.d. | 2:46 pm
       |
         0 comments
 





wednesday, may 28, 2008



                      	 
                      	 june in skin cancer awareness month
	                       
                          

did you know that skin cancer is the most common type of all cancers?more than 1 million people will be diagnosed with skin cancer this year alone.most of all skin cancers are caused by too much exposure to uv rays.  this usually occurs when people are out in the sun for too long or for extended periods of time.  it can also be caused by the use of tanning beds.here are 6 ways you can help prevent skin cancer:1.cover upliving in texas can get pretty hot in the spring and summer.  the thought of covering up may seem hot and not real practical but if you wear a lightweight fabric you will stay cool and protect your skin.2. sunscreenyou need to use a sunscreen with an spf of 15 or higher.  the higher the spf the better.  make sure you apply sunscreen properly and in generous amounts.3. wear a hathats protect our neck, ears, forehead and eyes.  straw hats are not recommended.4.wear sunglassessunglasses should block 99% to 100% of uv rays.5. limit your time in the sunthe best time to avoid being outside is between the hours of 10am to 4pm.6. avoid tanning beds and sunlampsthe uv rays in a tanning bed can be just as strong as sun rays.if you do suspect a possible skin cancer, please visit with your doctor as soon as you can.  early detection is important and could save your life.

posted by eileen silva, ph.d.,n.d. | 3:03 pm
       |
         0 comments
 








 
		  		








