







waukegan community church in lake county illinois - waukegan community church






























































































 



















connect card






become a member
















give online





















 











 
 
watch
i am new
about us

what we believe pastor winfred obleton first lady michelle obleton church operations our bookstore

ministries

youth ministry kids ministry drama ministry millennial’s ministry women’s wings ministry michelle’s blogs

events
get connected





x
 
























discover god’s love and fellowship at waukegan community church. 



all are welcome! 



join us sundays at 10:30 cst. 













 
plan a visit

















 
watch online































join us online or in person.  anytime. anywhere. 



welcome to waukegan community church 












we see a ministry where believers are connecting to one another in community, serving christ through the church in their unique area of gifting, and growing in their faith daily as they learn, live out, and spread the truth of gods word.  we seek to connect believers together in the community. so allow waukegan community church to show you how you can connect, serve and grow within our family.  you can join us on facebook, wcc.org or youtube live. 






















 

watch live service   

 



join us  online or in-person every sunday at 10:30 am cst 





 








watch live













latest news and events 



check out what's happening here at wcc 





 

 previous


 next









view more events




















connect. serve. grow. 



connect with us 












 





new here?   












 





connect with us 












 





upcoming events 


















 





find a group to join 












 





first lady's blog 












 





our bookstore 



































meet our pastor 



dr. winfred obleton,  pastor  




wcc is a ministry that exists to empower god’s church through god’s word to impact the community. building lives to strengthen families in urban america reflects the desire of dr. obleton who is a native of detroit, michigan. while growing up in a major metropolis, the obleton’s experienced the despair and hopelessness of inner city life. 







meet our pastor

























connect with us on our platforms 



we are a community  and so much more 














youtube
 



facebook-f
 



twitter
 



instagram
 

























a church for everyone 



join us online or in person
 



become a member by joining our community  






become a member

























ways to give to waukegan community church 



the easiest way to give is through our secure giving platform online.   



 
 
at waukegan community church, we appreciate your generosity and want to ensure you understand what’s in store for you when you give to god’s kingdom.  we want you to know that you are making a significant impact, not only on the church, but in the lives of others when you donate to our ministry.
thank you for your support!

 

















 









						secure give online					















 









						mail or in person					















 









						give us a call					

































how can we pray for you today? 



request a prayer  




we know that times like these can be challenging in life and difficult to comprehend and tackle on our own.we are here for you and would love to hear from you on how we can pray for you. please contact us via phone: (847) 360-1008 for your prayer requests.  please know that we are standing in prayer with you. 







request a prayer


























 














sign up for our newsletter
















secure give



















about 







 
i am new





 
watch services





 
events





 
first lady michelle obleton blogs













contact 







 
phone: (847)-360-1008





 
email 




 
1016 grand ave, waukegan, il 60085












ministries 







 
youth ministry





 
kids ministry





 
drama ministry





 
millennials ministry





 
women ministry













stay connected 







 
become a member





 
connect card





 
our bookstore





 
get to know our pastor



















© copyright 2025. waukegan community church 












facebook-f
 



twitter
 



youtube
 



instagram
 















website powered by myygrit














scroll up

















































