

 


 













classic automobile storage & sales | southern nh | historic motor sports























































 


174 raymond rd. candia nh 03034, usa
(603) 696-4086












 




menu


storage
detailing
about hms

hms story
our team
rates
contact hms
blog


events

upcoming events
road trips


links

car clubs of ne
industry links


 











it’s all about the cars!






it’s all about the cars!






it’s all about the cars!






it’s all about the cars!






it’s all about the cars!






it’s all about the cars!










1958

victress c3 coupe






1954

citroen traction avant






1948

mg-tc







new arrivals


historic motor sports is your source for british, domestic and european vintage and classic automobiles.
at historic motor sports we have a passion for classic automobiles and work with both buyers and sellers to offer a great selection of high quality collectible vintage and modern classic cars for sale through consignment. we specialize in vehicles from the 1940’s through the 1970’s and are particularly knowledgeable with british makes such as jaguar, austin healey triumph and mg. we also work with clients interested in modern sports cars such as porsche, lotus, superformance, era and shelby continuation cobras. our goal is to help our customers locate and buy the cars they want and to help them sell cars that no longer suit their needs. we have a fully equipped shop to aid in pre- & post-sale repairs when required to ensure that every car we buy or sell is fully sorted and ready for the new owner to drive and enjoy immediately. to protect your investment we also provide seasonal or year-round storage in a climate controlled and secured showroom quality space.


available vehicles





buyers
historic motor sports takes the work out of finding and buying vintage automobiles. if it were easy, you’d do it yourself.






sellers
we provide sellers with all the necessary tools to help them reach their desired goals when selling vintage vehicles.






storage
protect your investment by storing your cherished vehicle in our climate controlled storage faciility







contact historic motor sports at
(603) 696-4086


or click here






174 raymond road, candia nh 03034  contact clarke taylor at:  ctaylor@historicmotorsports.net
(603) 696-4086






























