






dregs: the comic strip






























































weekly comic updated
mondays












first comic

previous comic















guestbook

sign
read
message
        board
extra
        stuff
links
recipes
plans
buttons
store
faq
past news
downloads
character
        bios




 
	
   
        


news
23rd january
very hot (over 36ºc) +
        home brew drinking + friends visiting from interstate = comic 1 day late
15th january
it was over 40ºc (104°f)
        all weekend so no news this week
8th january
who else is pissed off with
        the outright lies news and a correct affairs shows get away with, but
        even worse than their misinformed popularity push is their apologies
        after someone complains about being slandered.  these apologies are
        more like blaming the viewers for interpreting it as any sane rational
        person would.  an example of this is a malpractice story where a
        doctor was endangering patients and the whole story was presented from
        the front of a medical centre with its name in full view.  this
        medical center had absolutely nothing to do with the questionable doctor
        and the news program said it was the audience fault for thinking it
        had.  the apology was also a fraction of the time the original
        story took with the apology being roughly 3 seconds long compared to a
        1/4 hour vilification.  i think when the media gets something wrong
        it's apology should be the same length as the original story, maybe then
        they will check their facts first.
2nd january
yesterday was new years day
        and i wasn't feeling well so the comic is a day late.  yesterday
        was also australia's 100th birthday.
25th december
today driving home i passed
        2 fat naked guys wearing christmas hats in a little red car with the
        passenger holding a little fluffy dog.  so i thought if i have to
        have nightmares about this so should everyone else.
15th december
home brew update
the beer has finished its
        secondary fermentation and has been shifted to a cool spot to mature.
14th december
home brew day 5

        beer was bottled today and will now be stored in groups (incase 1
        explodes the rest don't explode along with it) in warm spots between 21
        and 27 degrees celsius for a few days.  there won't be a daily
        update for this period.
13th december
home brew day 4
looks the same as yesterday
        so there is no need for a photo.  the air lock has stopped bubbling
        and the beer will be bottled tomorrow.
12th december
home brew day 3

        the air lock isn't bubbling as vigorously now meaning the fermenting
        process (yeast converting sugar into alcohol and carbon dioxide, the gas
        forcing the air lock to bubble) is slowing down.  the beer should
        be ready to bottle tomorrow night or the next day.  then the beer
        will start it's second fermenting stage.
the
        beer brewing now has its home page in the recipe section
11th december
home brew day 2

        air lock is still bubbling well and hasn't started slowing down. 
        the foam isn't as high anymore and today was again above the recommended
        temperature range.  the more detailed page is almost finished
        although chicken run (very good movie) has delayed the finish date by a
        day.  
chicken run was an
        extremely funny and well made movie.  i give it 9/10
10th december
home brew day 1

        it's hard to see but the air lock (s bend on top) is bubbling well and
        you can see the foam marks around the top of the barrel.  the
        temperature today has again been above the recommended range so this
        beer will probably be ready soon and be darker than average.
9th december
home brew day 0

        a home brew was started today.  a daily photo will be put here so
        come back and see how beer is made.  tomorrow or the next day there
        will also be step by step photos and instructions on how to make your
        own beer at home.
4th december
charlies angels was the
        movie this week.  overall it was a good movie although the final
        fight scene was a little weak.  i give charlies angels a 7/10
6th november
not much news. 
        finished all assignments, only have exams left so i'll finish the
        characters for the movie i mentioned a long time ago.  see
        the first character finished here.
30th october
still busy with assignments
        and other projects i've been working on.  this weeks movie was
        boiler room.  it's a good film about a brokerage firm and any more
        of a review may ruin it for you.  i give boiler room 7½/10
2nd october
back to uni tomorrow for
        the last term before summer holidays.  although the olympics
        finished yesterday i still decided to do part 2 of the olympic
        misinterpretations.
no movies worth seeing at
        the cinema so we spent the money at the video shop   this
        weeks movie review is chasing amy.  chasing amy is made by the very
        funny dogma people and included the entire cast, even silent bob and the
        swearing guy.  i recommend everyone should pick this movie up next
        time there is nothing on tv and there's nothing on.  i give chasing
        amy a 7/10
25th september
athletes
        have been banned from bringing fatso with when them to medal
        presentations.  i think this is wrong.  fatso the fat assed is
        a damn good olympic mascot and should be seen more often. 
        hopefully the athletes will ignore the ioc and continue bringing fatso
        with them everywhere.
movie review week is hollow
        man.  critics said it was a bad movie and for a change they were
        right.  there are to many errors in the plot so i'll just give it
        it's score of 6/10, the special effects saved it slightly.
the beer review this week
        is west end draft.  their commercial says "the best end of the
        day is the west end of the day." i think a more accurate saying
        would be west end is best at the end of the day because hopefully by
        then it's lack of taste isn't as easily noticed.  the positives for
        west end is it's cheap and available everywhere.  i give it a
        5½/10.
18th september
if
        you have a pet click here
the olympics are on and i
        have holidays for the next 2 weeks so the occasional olympic bonus comic
        may appear.  this week i have also seen my first fosters commercial
        on tv, we never usually get them in australia.
bigpanda is alive and
        kicking again, so use it to get to your next comic or click it before
        leaving and going somewhere else.
this weeks beer review has
        returned to coopers and more specifically coopers sparkling ale because
        they have specially sent a few truck loads to sydney for the
        olympics.  coopers sparkling ale is the best ale i've ever tasted
        and it's label appears almost every week in the comic.  try and
        guess where.  what else can i say other than try it.  try it
        now.  i give coopers sparkling ale a 9/10 and if you know anyone is
        sydney for the olympics tell them hunt a bottle of sparkling and pale
        ale down and send it to you.
 
        you can email dregs at dregs@comic.com
dregs - written by
scott
        gordon
assisted by
 tim
        dawson & scott comrie








 







        this cartoonists
        ring site is owned by scott gordon.

        want to join the cartoonists
        ring?

[skip
        prev] [prev]
        [next]
        [skip
        next] [random]
        [next
        5] [list
        sites] [edit]
        [cartoonists
        message board]







 










