






richardson humane society – one pet at a time


























































				log in			



log in
create an account








forgot password?

remember me





you can login using your social profile
install social plugin that has it's own shortcode and add it to theme options - socials - 'login via social network' field. we recommend: wordpress social login











i agree with terms & conditions






minimum 6 characters




 
  


 

 





 






home
adopt
support rhs

donate
volunteer
foster


events
blog
about us

faqs


contact us
staff
 



 



 





adopt 

take home a forever friend! the adoption process is easy, and most of our customers know us by previous experience or positive recommendation. the companion you want is waiting to join you!  

more informaton








volunteer 

volunteer and share your care! your kind assistance is always valued and we look forward to getting to know you! 

more informaton








special events  

see our upcoming schedule for special events! 

more informaton








foster 

if the time you can give goes beyond weekend or occasional volunteering, fostering a pet in your home might be just right for you. explore the possibilities here. 

start fostering




 



 








adoptbe a hero! adopting is easy and the benefits are indescribable!learn moredonateevery penny helps to save lives. learn how to be a lifesaver today.learn morevolunteerwe are 100 percent volunteer-powered. join us!learn morefosterexplore the world of fostering animals. fosters form the backbone of our rescue.learn more



adoption overview


our promise to you: the richardson humane society is committed to ensuring that its animals—approximately 120 to per year—go to caring homes.
to apply to adopt one of our pets, please follow these three simple steps:





review our adoption process.





complete our online adoption application (preferred) or download it here and email the completed application to applications@richardsonhumanesociety.org.





attend one of our “meet the pets” events. see our event calendar to see where we’ll be next!


our sponsors
























 
  


 
 
 







									phone: 1.800.123.4567
									fax: 1.800.123.4566								

									san francisco, ca 94102, us
									1234 some st								

  
 


© 2024 richardson humane society, a 501(c)3 non-profit corporation. 

 
 


 






















