






































    
    premier global | personal trainer course | study online
  
  












          


    

    home



  about us



  contact us



  personal training courses



  online personal training course



  courses



  fitness cpd courses



  level 3 personal training courses



  blog






 stay tuned  contact us
   name:

 email:






thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible.
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later.

    

 

 

 







  





       


   

book now and get 10%







 



       


 
    home



  about us



  contact us



  personal training courses



  online personal training course



  courses



  fitness cpd courses



  level 3 personal training courses



  blog






 
  

book now and save 20%








        personal training courses
 & fitness qualifications



    premier global | study active
 premier global, one of the most recognised and prestigious brand names for creating health and fitness professionals with fitness education in the world is back - and is aligning with another industry giant in
study active. the premier global name now backed by study active's leading fitness education products, paves the way for the most innovative and high-quality
personal trainer course experience in the fitness education sector.
   

personal training courses

 premier global is a class 41 trademark owned by study active limited


 



   

     the story



   premier global is one of the most recognised brand names in the world for personal trainer education. in march 2024 study active limited reached agreement with assessment technologies institute l.l.c (part of ascend learning) and officially acquired the premier global name, domain, logos, copyrights, trademarks and goodwill. study active has duly been entrusted as the official and exclusive custodian of the premier global brand name. the fusion of two of the sector's most innovative and high quality brands in study active and premier global now paves the way for a new era in fitness education.




     

online  personal trainer courses







    
  trustpilot





       premier global x study active


 

   what this means?


premier global is more than just a brand name - it is a trust mark of quality of the absolute highest level. this aligns perfectly to the values of study active who are widely considered to be amongst the elite of uk pt course providers. this new alignment will see the values and prestige of premier global reflected in the study active experience. the only place on the web that you can purchase a health & fitnes course associated with the prestigious premier global name is via study active. 

  go to study active










    enquire now!
  20% discount

 now's the time to start training to train!enquire here!
 



   are study active & premier global now the same  provider?whilst the company that was premier global ceased trading in 2022, the premier global brand name (and select brand assests) are now part of study active in a move that combines the values and identity of these two uk leading fitness brand names. study active now owns the class 41 trademarks, copyrights, domain, logos and goodwill of the premier global brand and as a result the brand name premier global is now an exclusive trading asset of study active limited. this sees the premier global name, now backed by study active's leading fitness education products, which aims to set new standards of quality in the sector. i am an old premier global student - can you help?we may well be able to help you moving forwards however anything to do with a course purchased via premierglobal.co.uk prior to march 2024 would have been with the previous owners thus not something we can help with. we suggest anyone in such a situation contacts active iq (the awarding body) for advice.what qualification do  you receive once completed?premier global is a fitness education provider who provides high quality education leading to industry-recognised qualifications - which are awarded by our awarding body partner active iq. your personal trainer qualification will therefore be an active iq qualification. active iq personal trainer qualifications qualifications are ofqual regulated and cimspa endorsed and therefore certifying you as a cimspa personal trainer practitioner in the fitness industry. having this fitness certification or personal training certification starts your jounrey on becoming a fitness professional. what are the official websites of premier global?this domain, premierglobal.co.uk has been the official website of premier global throughout the brands prestigious history. as official custodian of the premier global brand name this web domain has been entrusted to study active. so premierglobal.co.uk and studyactive.co.uk are the only two website domains who are officially connected with the official premier global brand name. please take care to make sure the url is exactly as stated above to ensure you only go through our offical websites. what do i gain when becoming a certified personal trainer?once you have your personal fitness trainer certification, you can become a personal trainer and start your fitness career. now, you can operate in gyms or anywhere to create a fitness programe and an exercise program to motivate people to acheive their fitness goals. you can also become a group fitness instructor carrying out group fitness and group training workout sessions. these can include youth fitness and senior fitness! during your fitness course you can learn a lot about exercise science, physiology, kinesiology, anatomy, biomechanics, cardiovascular workouts, aerobic and anerobic workouts to name a few. once you have completed your exams, these can help you when making a training program. starting your own fitness business is also possible. using the knowledge from your education courses allow you to have knowledge in fitness programs. this can also be done online and you could become an online personal trainer. start your new career in fitness today!why gain a personal trainer certification?completing fitness courses to become a fitness specialist, or a fitness and nutrition specialist has many benefits. you can carry out personal fitness training, sports conditioning, functional training all from a certification program. it can be a rewarding online course to gain accreditation to become a gym instructor. 
 








       

 premier global is a registered class 41 trademark owned by study active limited. premier global is a trading name of study active limited.


 study active terms & conditions 

  © 2025 
all rights reserved | study active | premier global



  contact premier global
  0345 017 8733
info@premierglobal.co.uk
eastway enterprise centre
7 paynes park
hitchin
herts
sg5 1eh
info@studyactive.co.uk

  opening hours
    mon - thu
 9:00 am 
- 8:00 pm


 friday
 9:00 am 
- 6:00 pm


 saturday
 9:30 am 
- 5:00 pm


 sunday
closed

























































































































  
  share by:









