






 


proofreading & paper editing — papercheck - we offer 24/7 proofreading services for business and academic writers. improve your written work with top quality editing services from papercheck.











































 










 





menu








 
 

about us

client testimonials
case studies +

city of mcallen, tx
clientwhys®
exemptanalyst
frost & sullivan
strauss brands
tritonic™


copyright policy
editor biographies
faq
guarantee
hours of operation
papercheck blog
press releases
privacy policy
site map
whitepapers +

the importance of proofreading


writing style guide


contact us

advertise with papercheck
developer opportunities
editor opportunities
send us your feedback
link to papercheck
refer a friend
reseller request


pricing

academic editing
business editing services
certificate of editing
document storage
elite level editing
loyalty program
price calculator
second look editing
sms notification
user agreement
volume discount


scholarships

past scholarship winners


track changes

microsoft office tools & guides
microsoft track changes
openoffice


additional resources

esl resources
financial aid
student resources
tips from the proofreaders
free online word count
writer’s resources


submit document
 



 24/7 proofreading | business and academic editinglog-inregister 
 

24/7 proofreadingbusiness and essay editing

papercheck editors correct grammatical errors that writers of all levels may overlook, including punctuation, verb tense, spelling, and sentence structure. the document body and thesis statement are proofread, ensuring effective communication of the written concept from the writer to the reader. clients requiring academic editing can request editors to follow any of the standard writing styles: mla, apa, asa, ama, chicago, cse, turabian, or ap.




    our goal is to provide the best proofreading, paper editing, and customer service available. we at papercheck are  100% confident that our editing and proofreading services will improve your written work. we look forward to editing your document!
  
  proofreading and editing serviceshigh-quality editing  services to meet your deadline.




standard(72-hour turnaround time) 


$0.0465/word 




						purchase					

 





two day(48-hour turnaround time) 


$0.0546/word 




						purchase					

 





next day(24-hour turnaround time) 


$0.0629/word 




						purchase					

 





express(10-hour turnaround time) 


$0.0711/word 




						purchase					

 





quick return(6-hour turnaround time) 


$0.0794/word 




						purchase					

 





rapid return(3-hour turnaround time, 10-page maximum) 


$0.0930/word 




						purchase					

 
   testimonials



				dear papercheck team! thank you for your excellent work. this is not the first time i have contacted your service, and i am always pleased with the very good results of your editing. your editors work professionally, with great attention to every letter in the text. i would also like to note that you have a very user-friendly site. i especially want to thank the editor who worked on my latest article for his very helpful comments, for identifying the mistakes, and for his kind words about the article. i have recommended and will continue to recommend your service to my colleagues.
			







												eugenia					


						submitted 9/2/2021
					


 




				i have submitted several papers to papercheck since 2012, and i can say that this document’s feedback and comments from the editor were the best. every point was clear and the comments were valuable and informative. thank you very much i hope that all my documents are edited by the same editor.
			







												bara					


						submitted 12/26/2021
					


 




				all i can say is thank you! thank you! thank you! i love papercheck
			







												andrew					


						submitted 1/20/2021
					


 




				excellent review, fast and complete. i am very satisfied with the ordering procedure and the customer service, and, of course, i would recommend it to other colleagues.
			







												jose					


						submitted 9/15/2021
					


 




				amazing feedback!!!! thank you, i am impressed!
			







												maria					


						submitted 3/26/2022
					


 
 




3905 state street, suite 7-516,
santa barbara, ca 93105-3138


home

sitemap
contact us

 

hours
privacy policy

(866) 693-3348

 

guarantee
pricing
copyright © 2001–2025papercheck, llc. all rights reserved. papercheck® is a registered trademark of papercheck, llc.  
 







chat with us, powered by livechat

 












