





die cut products – precision stamping & gasket fabrication











































skip to content








call us today! (216) 771-6994|inquiry@diecut.com 

facebookxyoutubelinkedin 












 homeproductsmetallicnon-metalliccustom shimsgasketsmaterialsmetallicrubber & spongeplastic & foamcork & cork-rubberfiber & paperfeltadhesivesspecialty gasket materialscapabilitiesdie cuttingmetal stamping & fabricationshim manufacturinglaser cuttingwater jet cuttingppe – face shieldswire edmprototypingnewscontact 














die cut homegreg4dm1n2021-09-07t23:55:41+00:00



 precision stamping & gasket fabrication



or call: (216)771-6994




gaskets

our primary niche is the custom die-cutting of gaskets and seals. no matter how tight the tolerances or unique the specialty materials, we are confident we can provide you a quality product!


custom shims

we fabricate shims from metal and non-metal materials, using solid shim stock and laminated shim stock, too. aerospace quality at a price you can afford, right when you need it!


metallic

die-cut products specializes in custom fabricated thin-gauge metal stampings, laser cut shims, fine blankings and more!


non-metallic

from rubber seals to fiber gaskets, from plastic spacers to adhesive-backed bumpers, we are your one-stop shop for non-metal products!






we produce custom metal and non-metal fabrications and stampings for high-tech, aerospace, healthcare manufacturers and more. with over 75 years of experience, whether you need a custom part, a rush order or turnkey solution, everything is made with utmost precision.




a.j. comet

“i’ve been told it takes three years to learn the basics and become familiar with various materials. it only took about three minutes to learn how serious the company’s commitment is to service and quality. it’s the way things are done here!”
-president






 
 






		© copyright  die-cut products company, inc.  |   contact us 


facebookxyoutubelinkedin
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link














go to top




