





home / igfsu - international gay figure skating union












































news
about
gay games
isi/isu
gallery 





































international gay figure skating union










news  




10/02/2024: registration for valencia 2026 is open now. register here.10/01/2024: valencia 2026 is coming. figure skating ist an official sport! 09/30/2023: gay games 2026 in valencia. 27 june - 4 july. more information. 11/12/2021: valenica official host of gay games xii : valencia signs official license agreement: valencia is now the official host of gay games 2026.some impressions on same sex couples



  






about the international gay figure skating union  




igfsu and the gay gamesigfsu was founded in 1991 by arthur luiz and laura moore, as part of a successful bid to get figure skating into the gay games in new york.in 1999, we became a member organization of the federation of gay games. by then it had become clear that we needed sanctioning/ endorsements for skaters to partner in the gay games regardless of gender. under the leadership of bradley erickson, igfsu became a member club of isi. we chose to do this because the isi structure allows for partnering regardless of gender and does not penalize male skaters wearing skirts!igfsu partnered with gay games hosts in 2002 in sydney, australia, 2006 in chicago, usa, 2010 in koeln, germany, 2014 in cleveland+akron, usa and 2018 in paris, france running events unlike any other figure skating events.the 2018 gay games in paris included an isu competition. this was groundbreaking for both isu and the gay games, but did mean that isu rules in costuming and partnering had to be followed in that portion of the competition.for the gay games in valencia 2026 a isi competition is planned that will include multiple skating opportunities for each participant and welcomes all skaters, in  singles, pairs and ice dance, as well as groups.there will be categories for beginners through international elite skaters. if you are training a program for isu, you will be able to skate it in hk.igfsu remains active with the fgg today and is recognized as the official governing body of figure skating for the gay games.we are excited to see elite figure skaters coming out. we strive to support lgbtq+ skaters, coaches, judges. igfsu encourages skaters to lobby their country's governing bodies to become more inclusive. 

 



 


gay games 12 in valencia 2026the world's  largest inclusive sports, arts & culture event is hosted by the city of valencia. figure skating will be a part of it as an official sport.the show: tbacompetition: tabpractice ice: tbathe rink: fun on ice, valencia (size: 20x30 meters, 65.6 x 98.4 feet)rules: solo skating, partnered skating, teams (age groups will be set up after registration ends, rules may be subject to changes)more info: discover valenciaregister: registration for figure skating at gay games valenciaisi: information on isi testing 







results of previous gay gamesgay games iv, 1994 in new yorkgay games v, amsterdam (only "practice")gay games vi, sydneygay games vii, chicagogay games viii, colognegay games ix, clevelandgay games x, parisgay games xi, guadalajara



 

 






isi/isu  




we support events sanctioned by isithe ice sports industry (isi) is an international industry trade association encompassing all aspects of the ice sports industry. founded in 1959 as a nonprofit organization for owners, operators and developers of ice skating facilities, isi also created america’s original learn-to-skate program and has introduced more than 10 million individuals to the wonderful world of ice skating.it has been, and will continue to be, the policy of the ice sports industry (isi) to promote equal opportunity for all members in its leadership and educational programs, endorsed events and other activities sponsored by the isi. the objective of isi is to encourage participation in recreational ice sports without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, ancestry, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression or veteran status.website of isi:https://www.skateisi.orggeneral informations about testing:https://www.skateisi.org/programs/testing-requirements/isuwe are open to working together with the international skating union. in order to promote inclusion for the lgbt+ community (eg. same sex couples), we still prefer working together with other organisations.www.isu.org

 







some impressions on queer skating






we like pics, videos and stories send your pics, linked videos or your story. we can post a slection on our site.



































© 2025 igfsu - international gay figure skating union
imprint
privacy policy
© 2025 igfsu - international gay figure skating union. all rights reserved.












