





the wandering gourmet personal chef service in metro detroit michigan































































 















home
about

food for thought

family-centered dinner
fresh perspective


faq
news + press
resources


meal preparation

value
menu
plans + pricing

signature meal plans
senior’s comfort classic
budget gourmet one-dish meals
special diets
share • a • chef
unique meal prep
holiday meal prep
menu planning/grocery shopping services


savings
schedule consultation
now plating
meal prep policies


events

dinner parties
dinner for two
cooking class dinner parties
murder mysteries
out of town events
event request form
event policies


savings
gift certificates
reviews
careers
contact us
 





 customized meals delivered to your fridge 
 







personal chef company serving detroit and south east michigan communities
the wandering gourmet is here to help simplify your life and bring your family back to the dinner table by providing customized meals delivered directly to your refrigerator. we take great pride in what we do. an amazing amount of care goes into every single meal, whether you are enjoying daily meal preparation, a dinner party or a romantic dinner for two.

our philosophy

our mission is to simplify dinner without sacrificing the love that goes into homemade meals.  all too often our busy lifestyles force us to choose drive-thru dining or tasteless, processed food when we would much rather enjoy the benefits of homemade meals crafted with love. our demanding schedules leave us little time to plan, shop for, and prepare the kinds of food we would love to eat. we want to bring families back to the dinner table.

	read more
ultimate convenience

the wandering gourmet prepares meals in our commercial kitchen. this eliminates the problem of unused grocery waste and the need for rarely used specialty ingredients. no need to clear your calendar, straighten counter clutter or lock up the dog. after a long day at work, imagine coming home and having  fresh homemade meals waiting for you and your family. let us cook for you while you take care of yourself, take care of your family and take dinner off your to-do list!

	meal preparation
get started today

for new clients, we suggest an in-home consultation. this will help us establish detailed taste preferences and any dietary considerations. it is also a great opportunity to share a little bit more about our services and answer any questions you may have. following the consultation and the scheduling of your cook day, the wandering gourmet will create a personalized menu for your first service.

	schedule consultation



 
don't need customized meals? want to save money?
then check out our sister company
nowplating.com
and choose your meals from our curated menu with 30-40 new options every week!







contact us:






"*" indicates required fields

first name* email*

how can we help?*
  
















we love what we cook!™
 
call us today
586.212.1599
subscribe to our mailing list:






"*" indicates required fields

first and last name* email*


  



















home
gift certificates
policies – meal prep
blog
careers
contact us
 

			®the wandering gourmet™ 2025. all rights reserved.			





 







































