





the smash hit show band

























































		skip to content









 



 chris@shadesband.co.uk
 

07899865778
 

















 





 



 



about us
videos
set list
contact
extras
 







 












 





 



 





main menu

 









about us
videos
set list
contact
extras
 









 












shades showcase band 



the ultimate live music experience 






book now















birmingham based wedding band 












let shades entertain you 











let the shades band entertain you! shades are experts in providing a unique and entertaining band experience. we are available for hire as a show band, party band, wedding band or any other event requiring a professional band 















the shades experience 



"young, fresh and completely live show-band" 



- stage news paper 












any occasion covered! 










we cater to a whole range of live events. shades band are experienced at playing at weddings, parties, launch events, cruise liners, festivals and mure more! no matter what your event, we’ve got you covered. 








all  the gear and ideas 










our band are equipped with a whole range of instruments covering everything from guitars and drums to trumpets and saxophones. shades consist of experienced musicians meaning we never miss a beat. 








no style is out of our range 










shades are nothing if not versatile. we cover a whole range of styles including: rock, pop, jazz, reggae, soul and a whole lot more. whether you want to hear elvis or tina turner, we’ve got something for everyone. 














see out set list














check our showcase























don't take our word for it... 










performed two excellent sets…dear chris, i’d like to take this opportunity to thank you and your band for your performance at our summer ball. you performed two excellent sets and everyone had a thoroughly enjoyable evening.sergeant g simpsondefence academyvery good performance that complimented the entire evening…dear chris and the shades, we would like to personally thank your group for the entertainment and making it such a success of the recently concluded new years eve gala event in the emirates palace. this would not be possible without your very good performance that complimented the entire evening of entertainment. it is very gratifying to have you as one of the major performer’s, which made the event truly memorable.emirates palace abu dhabi u.a.etop class entertainment…dear chris, i would like to take this opportunity to thank you, for once again supplying top class entertainment for the warrant officers and sergeants mess, summer ball. the shades were nothing short of outstanding. right from the outset, you had guests on the dance floor, with an aptly named ‘let me entertain you’. both sets were so powerful and engaging, that i thought literally bring the marquee down. everyone, i spoke to on the night, and since, commented on how amazing you were.shaun reynolds pec warrant officers and sergeantwe all had such a good time and just loved every minute of it!!…chris, i just wanted to say how very much we enjoyed having you all here on saturday evening to play for james and pippa’s wedding. we have not had a live band here before, can’t think why after that performance. we all had such a good time and just loved every minute of it!! thank you so much for all you did to make the evening go so well, it had a terrific buzz and i know everyone had a good time, especially the bride. while you were packing up, we just sat there saying we really didn’t want it to end. it certainly helped to make the day a truly special one.liz drakemother of the bridewow is all i can say…wow is all i can say ……..and a big thank you for sat. everyone thought you were great – loads of calls re the band. again thank you, what a talent.anna & seanbride and groom




















get a free quote for your event today if you would like a quote, please fill in the form below. we will aim to respond within 24 hours. alternatively you can call us on 0121 449 8181 






 









 your name
 

 your email
 

 occasion
 

 your message (optional)
 

please prove you are human by selecting the key.


































 















 








 











 











copyright © 2025 
 






































 

