






church of the assumption of the blessed virgin mary























skip to content



church of the assumption of the blessed virgin mary








donate
bulletins









home











current posts…




january 17, 2025
webmin


the winter concert and dinner to benefit st. joseph shrine choir’s trip to france this year has been postponed and will be rescheduled to a later date. updated information and reservations will be posted here or you can make an online contribution here. 

prayer for priestly vocations
jesus, eternal high priest,give us men willing to sacrifice and serve.make their hearts after your own sacred heart.
holy spirit, everlasting love between the father and son,strengthen, inspire, and set men on fire with divine charity.grant them the courage to say yes to their vocation.
holy mary, mother of god, mother of priests,comfort and protect your sons as they discern their call. with saint joseph, may they know your love and companionshipas they deepen their relationship with jesus.
immaculate heart of mary, pray for us. st. anne, pray for us. st. john vianney, patron saint of priests, pray for us. 

a prayer to our lady of lourdes
o holy mary, mother of god, / who deigned to appear at lourdes to reanimate the faith of the world / and draw it to your divine son, our lord jesus christ; / you who have chosen a humble child to be the messenger of your mercies, / in order to manifest more clearly your maternal tenderness and to render our hearts more confiding; / you who have said: “i am the immaculate conception,”  / in order to teach us the infinite value of innocence and pledge of the friendship of god; / you, who, in the course of eighteen apparitions, did not cease, / by your acts and your words / to recommend prayers and penance, alone capable to move heaven and avert the blows of justice; / you, whose touching appeal, sent out to the entire universe, / have assembled before the miraculous grotto throngs unnumbered of your children; / o sweet lady of lourdes, behold us prostrate at your feet, / in the firm hope of obtaining by your all-powerful intercession, / the blessing and graces of god. / those who love you, o mother of jesus christ and divine mother of all, / desire above all things to serve god faithfully in this world, / and thus to obtain the happiness of loving him eternally in heaven.
while we pour forth our hearts in prayer at your feet, o sweet lady of lourdes, o immaculate virgin, / we cannot forget our holy father the pope, / and in his person the whole catholic church, / which your divine son has charged him to lead in the paths of eternal salvation. / as we place in you all our trust, so also does he; / protect him, bless him, be his support and his consolation in the midst of his trials / by helping him to spread the kingdom of god.
o mother of the prince of peace, / bless our country, placed under the patronage of your immaculate conception. / bless all our rulers, both spiritual and temporal, / so that peace and happiness may continually dwell within our borders.
we entreat you to take under your protection also our parents, our friends, our benefactors, / and among them in a special manner all those who have abandoned the practice of their duties as christians: / may they be converted and become again your faithful servants.
hear the supplication with which we address you today; / defend us against the enemies of our salvation and against our own weaknesses; / and with the pardon for our sins, / obtain for us perseverance in the resolution never to fall into them again.
o mother of mercy, be for us all the “cause of our joy,” / and show unto us jesus christ as your gift in this life and in eternity.  amen.









mass schedule sunday
6:30 am english
9:30 am latin
12:00 pm english
weekdays
7:30 am latin
first fridays
7:30 am latin
7:00 pm latin
saturdays
7:30 am latin
4:00 pm english
holy days
6:30 am english
9:30 am latin
12:00 pm english
7:00 pm latin
confessions are heard on saturdays from 2:30 pm – 3:30 pm and 30 minutes before each mass. they are also heard at other times by request.

donate
sunday and csa contributions can be made directly through the archdiocese of detroit's online giving website. this is the preferred way of making donations online. click on the button below and scroll down to parish online offertory.

donate


register
you may register or update your registration at assumption grotto by clicking on the link below.

register


contact assumption grotto church
13770 gratiot avenue
detroit, mi 48205
rectory phone: (313) 372-0762
rectory email: parish@assumptiongrotto.com
clergy: fr. john bustamante, fr. eduard perrone, fr. aidan logan, deacon james wilder
gift shop: (313) 372-0762
















	copyright © 2025 church of the assumption of the blessed virgin mary









