


















home | editor and publisher





















































              databook            

              subscribe            

              newsletters signup            

              download our app            

              submit content ideas            

              search            























toggle navigation





          main menu
        









                    exclusive reporting                     










all exclusive reporting


vodcasts


revenue & ad sales


technology


public media


operations


e&p voices/ commentary


diversity, equity & inclusion (dei)


tornoe cartoons


photo of the month






all exclusive reporting


vodcasts


revenue & ad sales


technology


public media


operations


e&p voices/ commentary


diversity, equity & inclusion (dei)


tornoe cartoons


photo of the month






                    industry news                     







latest industry news


newspeople


obituaries


partner case studies & webinars


partner press releases






latest industry news


newspeople


obituaries


partner case studies & webinars


partner press releases









                    recognition/ awards                     







eppy awards


creative visionaries


publisher of the year


sales superstars


news media's 10 to watch


operations all-stars


25 under 35


15 over 50


business partner powerhouses


editors extraordinaire


photojournalism: "e&p shooting stars"


news pets



eppy awards


creative visionaries


publisher of the year


sales superstars


news media's 10 to watch


operations all-stars


25 under 35


15 over 50


business partner powerhouses


editors extraordinaire


photojournalism: "e&p shooting stars"


news pets






                    industry events                                      









                    jobs                                      









                    print editions                     







current issue


online issues (oct 2017+)


archives (1905 - 2015)



current issue


online issues (oct 2017+)


archives (1905 - 2015)






                    databook                  







                    newsletters signup                  







                    download our app                  







                    submit content ideas                  







                    search                  












toggle navigation















                    databook                  







                    newsletters signup                  







                    download our app                  







                    submit content ideas                  







                    search                  








 log in




























latest e&p exclusive reporting			


post and courier’s strategic print shift: a new era for south carolina journalism
as more newspapers rethink their print schedules, the post and courier is making a bold move—scaling back to five-day print delivery while doubling down on digital engagement. in this exclusive interview, pj browning, president of the newspaper division at evening post publishing, breaks down the strategy behind the shift, how they’re preparing loyal readers for the transition, and why she believes the future of local journalism is both digital and deeply rooted in community trust. watch now to hear how the post and courier is navigating this pivotal moment in publishing.















						high country news: telling environmental, ecological and indigenous community stories of the western united states					


					from climate change that looms silently in the skies to the roles that flea-infested pesky prairie dogs play in the desert dirt, the journalists who write and capture photos for high country news consider a panorama of stories to bring to their readers. in recent years, the magazine has concentrated on telling those stories from the perspective of its indigenous population, who often have a different outlook on land management and use than colonial practices.				








						content management systems (cms): essential for publishing success and improving the bottom line					


					although there is no magic formula to alleviate all the pressures newsrooms face, utilizing a content management system (cms) is the one digital tool essential for publishing and media success. whether for-profit or nonprofit, media and news outlets of any size must achieve higher levels of efficiency, convenience and time- and cost-savings as these industries continue to evolve and become more competitive.				








						a newsroom built for justice: inside prism’s movement journalism					


					prism, an award-winning independent nonprofit newsroom led by journalists of color, takes a transformative approach to reporting. its mission is to “tell stories from the ground up: to disrupt harmful narratives and to inform movements for justice.” the team of 15 staffers and freelancers based all around the country realize this vision through movement journalism.				




			scroll down to read more e&p exclusive reporting			











 




latest #newsmedia headlines			




long island university announces 2024 george polk awards in journalism

					incisive reports from four areas of bloody conflict — sudan, the russian-ukraine war zone, israel’s west bank and haiti — are among 15 winners of the george polk awards for 2024 announced feb. 17 by long island university.				






washington post opted not to publish anti-musk ad campaign after initially being open
				
				the washington post scrapped an upcoming print ad from a pair of advocacy groups calling for the firing of elon musk as head of the department of government efficiency.			







st. louis public radio, apm reports and the marshall project win 2025 brechner freedom of information award
				
				the joseph l. brechner freedom of information project at the university of florida’s college of journalism and communications (ufcjc) has awarded the 2025 brechner freedom of information award to st. louis public radio, apm reports and the marshall project for their collaborative investigative project, “unsolved.” 			







steve swartz, president and ceo of hearst, issues annual letter to hearst colleagues
				
				steve swartz, president and ceo of hearst, issued his annual letter to hearst colleagues this morning.			







paramount executives ask: could they be sued for settling trump’s $20 billion cbs lawsuit?
				
				paramount global is wrestling with whether to settle president trump’s lawsuit against its cbs news unit, and how it might do so without exposing executives to future legal threats, such as accusations of bribery.			







launching today — early-career guide helps entry-level journalists acclimate to newsroom expectations
				
				news organizations looking to enhance the productivity and preparedness of new or early-career journalists without too much additional, time-consuming training have a new option: the early-career guide to newsroom success.			





			scroll down to read  more industry news headlines			




latest legacy magazine













				read back issues of e&p magazine				


 







						latest #newsmedia stocks of interest					

















track all markets on tradingview


 

 








#newsmedia newspeople on the move			









beth bowers joins center for sales strategy










the washington post: loveday morris named istanbul bureau chief










former cosmopolitan editor-in-chief jessica giles to lead code and theory’s new media experience practice



 
 









scripps promotes two local station general managers to regional vice presidents of local media










tegna expands role of chief growth officer tom cox










claire brown joins climate desk at the new york times



 
 



			see more newspeople			





e&p "voices"			









							news media today							
						

beyond the ai hysteria: what journalists are actually using it for

rob tornoe | for e&p magazine









							columns							
						

should you fire your ceo? (or yourself?)

tom davidson | for e&p magazine









							shoptalk							
						

we’re veterans of an iconic newspaper war: here’s why we think it’s time to call a journalistic truce

kathy kiely and vincent morris | for e&p magazine


 
 









							editorial							
						

it’s a new era; protect yourself

robin blinder | e&p magazine









							columns							
						

make hay while the sales shine – sleete's must have q1 revenue ideas

jeffrey sleete | for e&p magazine









							the corner office							
						

sharpening your tools in the face of uncertainty

doug phares | for e&p magazine


 
 



			access more e&p commentary			



 




latest "e&p reports" vodcast			


time to challenge gag rules: journalists fight back against restrictions on public employees’ speech
journalists have long faced obstacles in their pursuit of truth, but in recent years, a troubling trend has emerged: government-imposed gag rules that restrict public employees from speaking freely with the press. these restrictions, often enforced through public information offices or direct bans on communication, limit transparency and public accountability. in a recent episode of e&p reports, mike blinder sat down with veteran journalist kathryn foxhall and first amendment attorney frank lomonte to discuss the issue, its legal implications, and what journalists can do to push back.








"polar plunge" e&p photo of the month for february 2025










						sheridan, wyoming area residents of all ages charge into lake desmet in a variety of ways during the annual polar plunge near buffalo, wyoming on wednesday, january 1, 2025. the water temperature was an estimated 37 degrees fahrenheit.
—clint wood, photojournalist, the sheridan press, sheridan, wyoming					



"homeless by choice" e&p photo of the month for january 2025










						homeless by choice, sean has been on the streets of olympia, washington, for almost two years. “i just can’t seem to give up the drinking; that’s why i am here,” he said. 					



"sideline support" e&p photo of the month for december 2024










						on october 18th, lely high school trojan nino joseph made an 80-yard touchdown before being taken out with a shoulder injury.  joseph is the leading local rusher in the naples, florida area, with over 1600 yards.  showing support on the sidelines is beth coleman before joseph went to the hospital.  coach ben hammer was intent on checking his status with doctors after the game.  					



"hurricane milton" e&p photo of the month for november 2024










						at 12:30 a.m. on thursday, october 10th, chris urso braved the howling winds and pelting rain of hurricane milton to take this photo of a crane that had collapsed into the tampa bay times building in st. petersburg, florida.					



"friday night lights" e&p photo of the month for october 2024










						the lake zurich high school varsity football team and coaches are reflected in a rain puddle behind the endzone as they line up in the mist for the national anthem before a game in mundelein, illinois on friday, october 13, 2023.					







			see 1-year of photos			




this month's cartoon						







				see more tornoes				


 








more e&p exclusive reporting			






healthbeat: filling the gaps in local public health reporting
				healthbeat focuses on three broad topics: infectious diseases, accountability of the public health system and serving professionals in the local communities who work on public health issues. the coverage in healthbeat is driven by independent accountability journalism and serving a community-centered audience to fill gaps in important information.			







local media association and local media foundation: lifting media to success on four strong strategic pillars
				“helping local media companies discover new and sustainable business models” is the sole focus of the local media association. the local media foundation is a charitable trust and “serves as the innovation and transformation affiliate of lma.” together, they are making a concerted effort to transform legacy media business models for the digital age and assist local media entrepreneurs to establish their credibility and build a loyal audience.			







a perilous period for freedom of the press
				the u.s. press is in crisis. beyond the market pressures that have for years now carved newsrooms hollow, external threats — of a physical, rhetorical and legal nature — abound.  the u.s. press freedom tracker found 48 cases of journalists being detained or arrested in 2024 alone. the tracker also chronicles incidents of assaults on journalists. another growing concern for news media publishers is the threat of legal action.			



			access more e&p exclusive reporting 			










 




more #newsmedia headlines			






opinion | more media threats: elon musk shares a chilling post about ‘60 minutes’
				perhaps tired of watching president donald trump wage war on the media all by himself (more on that in a moment), elon musk decided to lob a serious attack of his own.			







tensions between trump, media reach new high
				tensions between the trump white house and the press are reaching a fever pitch after the president banned the associated press from air force one and the oval office over its refusal to use the term “gulf of america” in reference to the body of water previously known in the united states as the gulf of mexico.			
















scripps howard fund and scripps howard foundation gave $9.8 million in charitable gifts in 2024
				the scripps howard fund and scripps howard foundation, nonprofit organizations, awarded $9.8 million to community and journalism programs during 2024, a nearly 10% increase from 2023.			







vietnam’s strict new social media regulations strangle free speech, report says
				new government regulations on social media in vietnam give authorities increased powers to prevent dissent and control the news, along with the tools to more easily track down critics and silence them, according to an analysis released tuesday.			



			access more industy news			









scroll the latest jobs






 







 








#newsmedia passings			









vince bodiford, cheyenne post publisher, passes away










remembering jeanne brooks



 
 









john k. baker, who managed five us newspapers during his career, has died at age 90










david schneiderman, village voice editor and publisher, dies at 77



 
 









heinz kluetmeier, inventive sports photographer, dies at 82










thomas richard schumaker, 86, died jan. 7 at a hospice in delray beach, florida



 
 



			more #newsmedia obituaries			















 




latest e&p partner press releases			




still time to register: reinvent video storytelling at northeastern university’s media innovation summit

					the media industry is undergoing rapid transformation, and video has emerged as a dominant force in storytelling, audience engagement and revenue generation. for journalists, content creators and media executives, staying ahead means understanding the latest innovations shaping how video is produced, distributed and consumed.				






legacy.com and ipublish now providing classified call center services for mcclatchy
				
				legacy.com and ipublish media are now powering classified advertising call center services for all mcclatchy properties. sales, support and advertising desk services for mcclatchy’s public notices, obituaries and general classifieds will be managed by a team of 40 legacy service agents.			







challenging the status quo: tim huelskamp on intuition, innovation and impact
				
				in a recent interview with johnny levy, ceo of datajoe and founder of the media data collaborative, 1440 ceo tim huelskamp shared his unconventional approach to business, media, and social impact. the conversation, part of the people of media series, explored huelskamp’s journey in launching 1440, a rapidly growing news platform designed for the “intellectually curious,” and his passion for balancing profit with purpose.			







newspapers emerge as a top media influence for automotive consumers
				
				a new multi-market analysis by the media audit underscores the significant influence of newspapers in the automotive sector, ranking them as the second most impactful media platform — just behind podcasts — for adults 18+ planning to buy a vehicle in the next 12 months.			







datajoe’s people of media features kenny katzgrau: a conversation on purpose and innovation
				
				in the latest edition of people of media, datajoe dives into an inspiring conversation with kenny katzgrau, founder of broadstreet ads and publisher of red bank green. known for his fearless creativity and people-first mindset, katzgrau shared how he uses data-driven solutions and innovation to help businesses thrive.			







blox digital launches beta program for revolutionary blox nxt content management system
				
				blox digital has announced the beta launch of blox nxt (pronounced "next"), a groundbreaking new content management system that is set to redefine how media organizations manage, monetize and distribute content.			





			more e&p partner press releases			








latest e&p sponsored case studies			


 
turning ‘best of’ into best revenue: how canyon media generated over $600,000 of new local dollars

					in today’s media landscape, news organizations are constantly searching for innovative ways to generate revenue, build audience engagement, and maintain efficiency. one solution that has gained traction across the industry is best of contests—community-driven programs that recognize local businesses and services while unlocking new advertising opportunities.				






how media brands are transforming revenue and audience growth with audience.io’s engagement solutions
				
				as digital transformation reshapes the media landscape, organizations must innovate to stay ahead. the baltimore times and gray media have done just that—leveraging audience.io’s interactive solutions to drive revenue, boost engagement, and capture first-party data. in a recent editor & publisher webinar, paris brown (publisher, the baltimore times), ryan pinnell (regional sales director, gray media), and creighton green (co-founder, audience.io) shared their success strategies. watch now to discover how these innovative tactics can transform your media business.			











what 4,000+ governments & law firms like about self-serve legal notice software
				five years ago, column set out to revolutionize the cumbersome process of publishing public and legal notices, and today, their self-serve platform is delivering results. with intuitive features like flexible document uploads, instant proofs, and real-time price transparency, column has simplified workflows for over 850 publications and 4,500 organizations, helping law firms, government agencies, and businesses save time and reduce frustration. by offering free training and innovative tools, column has boosted newspaper staff efficiency by 270% and allowed legal reps to handle up to 67 daily notices, earning praise for transforming an outdated industry standard.			







the houston defender’s ai transformation
				the defender network has transformed its newsroom efficiency and audience engagement with nota, an ai-powered tool tailored for modern journalism. clyde jiles, strategic alliance manager at the defender network, shared how nota helped cut content production time from 90 minutes to just 15, allowing their small team to focus on impactful storytelling. with features like tone customization and seo optimization, nota enabled the defender to boost digital engagement and reach more readers without compromising journalistic quality. jiles called the tool a game-changer, emphasizing its role in streamlining operations while amplifying their community’s voice.			



			more e&p sponsored case studies			



















 













about us/ contact us                


advertise                


submit content ideas                


privacy policy                


diversity & inclusion policy                


ai editorial policy                


terms of use                


copyright © 2025 editor & publisher magazine – newspaper & news publishing industry news. all rights reserved.





powered by creative circle media solutions














