





welcome
























 

	 





 

welcome to the huntsville 
	fencing club!  we are devoted to promoting the sport of fencing for the 
	serious competitor, the casual recreational fencer, and all between.

modern fencing is a sport 
	derived from the nineteenth century duel, a sport of one against one, wit 
	against wit, skill against skill, will against will, without outside 
	assistance at the time of combat.  it is an intensely solitary yet 
	overwhelming social activity in which the participant engages in combat 
	alone against his or her adversary on the strip, yet also engages in 
	friendship and camaraderie off the strip.  fencing is a highly competitive 
	sport, a positive form of recreation, and encompasses a highly social 
	atmosphere. the recreational fencer, for whom fencing is both an enjoyable 
	diversion as well as an opportunity to socialize with other bright, 
	passionate people, is the foundation of most fencing clubs, and is always 
	welcome at the huntsville fencing club. many of our members are purely 
	recreational fencers.
 

our fencers have ranged in 
	age from ten to over eighty, from all corners of the us, as well as from 
	france, italy, poland, israel, new zealand, and germany, and as hfc members 
	have fenced as far away as the united kingdom, colombia, and antarctica. 
additionally, we are 
	often visited by out-of-state fencers here on business, and occasionally by 
	classical, historical, and sca fencers looking to polish their technique. 
	some of our members also practice various forms of historical fencing.
 

in addition to a facility 
	for open fencing, we also offer beginning instruction in a group setting, 
	and intermediate to advanced individual instruction in epee, foil, and 
	saber. 
however, we are primarily an 
	epee club. only a few of our members fence foil or saber, and only 
	occasionally.  you need not be an athlete, much less a great athlete, to 
	learn to fence well. you need only a few basic physical abilities, a 
	willingness to learn, and the capacity to use your head.  instruction is 
	based on a broad technical foundation designed to provide the fencer with 
	adequate technique, tempo, and tactics for free fencing and competition, 
	while at the same time not inhibiting the fencer from enjoying the 
	swashbuckling romance of steel on steel. such a well-laid foundation helps 
	the fencer understand the sport in all its aspects, builds tactics against 
	all possible adversaries, and prevents the fencer's development from 
	reaching a dead end. while we strive to develop a fencer's strengths, we do 
	not believe in doing so by sacrificing the benefits of a broad foundation, 
	nor at the expense of the courtesies and traditions of the sport.

again, welcome to the 
	huntsville fencing club! visiting fencers, persons interested in fencing, 
	and potential members are welcome to drop by. please see the information 
	page for details.

 

	 









      copyright © 2004 huntsville fencing club. all rights reserved.
      revised: 
		january 17, 2025
      .



 
 
 
 

 


