









home - pete best



















































 










contact us
login/register
basket

0 items
 












news
biography
music
media
shows
merchandise
casbah coffee club
blog
 


select page


  
 
 
















explore the casbah coffee clubdiscover where it all began! the casbah coffee club is the birthplace of the beatles, where their journey to stardom started. explore this iconic venue, filled with original decor and stories from the early days. a must-see for any beatles fan—book your tour today!

book your tour now














stay at the casbah coffee clubthis is the only building in the world where the beatles not only formed as a band, but also played, partied, and even slept. stepping inside feels like traveling back in time to where it all began. a truly one-of-a-kind experience—everyone should stay at least once in their lifetime.

book your stay now














visit the liverpool beatles museumdiscover the true story of the beatles at the liverpool beatles museum on world-famous mathew street. explore one of the largest collections in the world, with over 1,000 authentic, never-before-seen items across three incredible floors. a must-see for every beatles fan!

book tickets here
















merchandise

explore our merchandise collection














rare collectables

rare collectables only available here














pete best or the pete best band

details and how to book the pete best band












the man who put thebeat into the beatles










pete beston john lennon“i was close to john simply because i liked him as a person. he liked me as a person. we spent a lot of times at one another’s houses back in liverpool. we spent a lot of time together in germany.”








pete beston george harrison“george was the baby of the band. he was always trying to improve as a guitarist. every opportunity was about learning new chords and licks.”








pete beston paul mccartney“paul was, and still is, a multi-instrumentalist. a great talent. also during my time he was our pr guy. paul kept people informed to what was happening with the beatles.”








pete beston stuart sutcliffestuart has taken a lot of criticism about his bass playing by people who weren’t there. i was and there was nothing wrong with stuarts playing. he did what he was asked to.”








pete beston the beatles“we were the number one group in liverpool and hamburg. nobody could touch us and we were going from strength to strength. we knew we’d conquer the uk , but who could imagine what was to come.”

















connect with us






pete best

followfollow



casbah

follow



roag best

follow



liverpool beatles museum


followfollowfollow











 








home
news
biography
music
mediashows
merchandise
casbah coffee club
blog
contact


facebook
 facebook



twitter
 twitter

 



official pete best © copyright 2018 | web design ranedigital 































