





real estate blog about moving houses | home living & relocation savings













































skip to content















home
about us
talk to us
 












search for:


















luna land realty








 

how to quickly get rid of your stuff for a long-distance move 

lunaland
2019-04-13 


if you’re embarking on a long-distance move, you need to take care of lots of things. one of the most crucial is figuring out what to get rid of. you might be attached to your belongings, but it’s unreasonable to try to hold onto everything. follow these helpful tips from cheap movers kansas city (12641 antioch road suite #1025, overland park, ks 66213, (913) 730-9261) on how to get rid of your stuff for a long-distance move quickly.
1. have a yard sale
one of the best ways to shed items is by hosting a yard/garage sale. go through your items and consider what people would be drawn to. don’t overthink it. you should also offer them at a reasonable rate and be willing to haggle with buyers. even if you have to slash your original price to the point of practically giving things away, it’s still better than finding yourself stuck with them. you can try to package things like books and movies together. there could be collectors who come across your yard sale and want to scoop up as much as they possibly can.

2.donate
you can get rid of your excess items while also being charitable. as long as something is still able to fulfill its basic functions, it shouldn’t matter if it has a little wear-and-tear. donate your things to thrift shops and appropriate charities. you can bring joy into someone’s life by allowing you to have access to things you once cherished. just make sure you’re not using a charitable organization as a dumping ground for things you no longer want.
3. give to friends
when you have friends over, you should let them know about what you’re looking to get rid of. encourage them to take anything available that they’d like. you should also help them with securing and transporting the item. for things of a higher value, such as furniture, you might ask for money in exchange. another possibility is them owing you a favor, like helping you move or taking care of a certain chore for you. make sure that whatever you decide on is fair in comparison to what you’re giving them.
4. know what to throw away
while you shouldn’t throw away everything you can’t bring with you, there’s likely to be some items that you just can’t find a home for. there’s no point in trying to convince other’s that they’re still in good condition. let go of them as soon as you can. it doesn’t help to hoard things, as the longer you wait, the more difficult it is to part with them. this can help you to start your new life with a more minimal approach, as you’ll know better about how to avoid adding clutter to your home.

a long-distance move is your chance to experience a whole new area. it’s also your chance to relieve yourself of things you don’t need any longer. it can be tough to say goodbye to things that you have a nostalgic attachment to, but it’s ultimately for the best. by taking care of this major responsibility, you can make the rest of your move much easier.






 

how to save money when preparing your household for moving long-distance 

lunaland
2019-02-15 


moving to a new home hundreds or even thousands of miles away is an exciting time. unfortunately, such a move could also be expensive. as soon as you know that you will need when moving long distance, it is time to start preparing.
the effort that you spend planning your move will pay off through lower costs and more peace of mind. use these tips to save money when preparing your household fora long-distance move.
give yourself enough time to plan
planning a long-distance moves takes more time than a local move. if possible, give yourself three to four months of lead time to plan your long-distance move. this amount of time allows you to get some different price quotes from movers. it also allows you to get all of the moving supplies you need.

move during the off-peak season
when possible, avoid moving during the summertime. this is the busiest time of the year for moving. moving during the off-peak season could save you hundreds of dollars. a move in the springtime or autumn would be ideal for lower costs and mild weather.
when you have to move during the winter months of the year, take care in planning your route. if your move takes you through areas that are prone to icy or snowy weather, have your car checked by your mechanic. you might need snow tires, winter wiper blades and a tune-up. skipping this tune-up could result in more expenses if your car breaks down.
choose a weekday move
in addition to moving during the off-peak season, you could also save money on your move by scheduling the move for a weekday. movers have a higher demand on weekends. if your work schedule allows it, have the move begin on a monday or tuesday.
a cross-country move could take a couple of days, and starting the trip early in the week gives you more flexibility in case of unexpected road construction, inclement weather or other delays.
drive yourself
even if you have movers transporting the majority of your belongings, having them move your vehicle could add to your expenses. consider driving to your new home yourself. you could turn the drive into a road trip, enjoying some of the local parks and family-owned diners along the way. you can also transport some things in your car, which could lower the costs of your move.

look for free moving boxes
instead of buying expensive moving supplies, look for free ones. you may be able to find these in online marketplaces. local grocery and liquor stores may also give you boxes if you call in advance. buying labels and tape at an office supply store may cost less than having the movers sell them to you.
sell big stuff
maybe you have a big, old piece of furniture that you don’t use a lot. most movers charge by the pound. selling big or heavy stuff could lower the cost of your move. the movers may also prohibit items such as lawn mowers or gas grills on the moving truck.
as you pack your belongings, ask yourself if you really want to pay to take them with you. sell these items before you move. the cash you get could defray some of your moving expenses.






 

8 fresh interior design ideas for your home in 2019 

lunaland
2019-02-07 


interior design says a lot about the home that you are living in. staying modern doesn’t always require a large budget. ceiling changes, multi-function furniture, and large plants can all enhance the interior of your … continue reading 8 fresh interior design ideas for your home in 2019 →






 

moving timeline to keep your relocation on schedule 

lunaland
2019-01-30 


when you’re moving from one home to another, it’s important to try to maintain a schedule so that you can get into your new house in a timely manner. if you plan ahead and get the supplies that you need to pack your belongings for a few days to a few weeks before moving, then you can easily transfer everything to your new location. here is a helpful timeline from these portland, or moving services to keep your relocation on track:

eight weeks before moving
when you create your checklist, you need to display it in your home where everyone can see it, such as on the refrigerator or beside the bathroom mirror.
highlight various tasks for different days in different colors to make it easier to read the list. your checklist should begin about eight weeks before you move. this is about the time when you need to begin lining up people to help you move or when you need to hire a company who will do the work for you.
talk to your landlord about moving, turning in your notice so that your landlord can find someone else to rent the property. make a list of the things in your home that you’re going to take with you and the items that will be stored. start gathering the supplies that you’re going to need for packing and moving.
six weeks before moving
begin packing belongings that you know that you’re not going to use about six weeks before moving. these items could be seasonal decorations and clothes that you know that you’re not going to need for a few weeks, books, toys, stuffed animals, and other items that you won’t really miss over a few weeks.
look for new schools if you’re changing districts, book a moving truck, and look for a new employer if you’re moving to an area where you won’t be able to drive back and forth to your current job.

four weeks before moving
about four weeks before you move, start calling companies to have services disconnected soon after the day you leave your house. you should also talk to the providers to determine if they offer service at your new address so that services can be transferred in a timely manner.
make a plan with family and friends who you want to ask to help with packing and transporting. you also need to arrange for childcare if you know that you’re not going to have the time to care for your children during the moving process.
the last two weeks
the final two weeks before moving will likely be hectic. this is the time when you need to make final arrangements and when you need to make sure everything is packed with boxes clearly labeled.
start moving boxes to the front door to make it easier to get everything outside on moving day. start using the food that you know you won’t take.
you should also make a supply box with items for the first day or two at your new home.






 

things to think about before buying investment real estate property 

lunaland
2019-01-18 


is there a right time to buy properties in the real estate sector? experts keep on trying to convince you through various economic policies and market trends that there is a specific time when you … continue reading things to think about before buying investment real estate property →








recent posts


how to quickly get rid of your stuff for a long-distance move


how to save money when preparing your household for moving long-distance


8 fresh interior design ideas for your home in 2019


moving timeline to keep your relocation on schedule


things to think about before buying investment real estate property


advertisement 











footer navigationhome
about us
talk to us
 

search

search for:





 

more info if you got any questions, don't hesitate to ask us and we will answer you as quickly as possible. please use this 
 form to contact us.
 



				
					copyright © 2025. luna land realty. all rights reserved | privacy and terms
















