




model electronics railway group











model electronic railway group


the leading society for model railway electronics









home
member area
contact us
virtual exhibition








about merg
merg (model electronic railway group) is an international, uk based society for people interested in the application of electronics and computing to all aspects of railway modelling.

our aim is to enhance enjoyment of railway modelling by the development and use of electronics and computing to assist control and operation of our layouts.

to achieve this aim we publish a regular journal with all previous issues archived in the online library. we also have an active online forum and extensive knowledgebase (wiki) including video tutorials. we also make available to members an extensive range of electronic kits ranging from the simple to the sophisticated, all developed and produced by members for members. our area groups and special interest groups provide opportunities for face to face and zoom meetings for social interaction and mutual assistance.
further information on all these aspects of merg activity is available on other sections of this page and in more detail on the linked pages. feel free to browse and if you like what you see join us.



joining merg
membership of merg is amazingly good value, starting at just £24 per annum.
click the sign to find out more about membership and to access our online joining form.

young merg
young merg membership is available to any bright spark living in the uk, aged 12 or upwards, through online application and with the consent of a parent or guardian - who must also accompany the young merg member, and remain in attendance, at merg events
click the sign to find out more about young merg and to join online.

more information
click below to find more about:

quarterly journal 
technical bulletins 
members forum 
knowledgebase 
kits 






merg area groups and special interest groups
one of the excellent beneficial aspects of joining merg is access to our growing number of merg area groups and special interest groups.

area groups are located in many areas of the uk and worldwide - giving members the chance to meet and share knowledge. members are encouraged to form new area groups where needed. special interest groups allow members interested in the relevant topic to share their interest without geographical restriction and usually meet via zoom.

to keep active during the coronavirus lock down many area groups started holding zoom meetings and some have continued to hold zoom meetings in addition to in person meetings.
read more




what's on


19-feb
19:00 uk time raspberry pi sig


online zoom meeting


19-feb
tayside area group zoom session


online zoom meeting


20-feb
croydon area group: lunchtime meeting


to be agreed


20-feb
19:30 gmt south hants ag zoom call


online zoom meeting


21-feb
cumbria ag meeting


online zoom meeting


23-feb
3d sig 19:00 fusion mesh editing 


online zoom meeting


24-feb
virtual ag meeting


online zoom meeting


24-feb
jalsig beginners\' session


online zoom meeting


25-feb
arduino sig meeting


online zoom meeting


26-feb
merseyside area group online zoom meeting


online zoom meeting


27-feb
19:30 gmt south hants ag zoom call


online zoom meeting


01-mar
merg east anglia


parkview chapel, the street, botesdale, ip22 1bx


view more



resources & information
below are links to  various resources and information pages relating to electronics and electronic components that merg makes freely available (subject to any copyright notices). most of these are the responsibility of members(s), and merg accepts no responsibility or liability for their use nor offers any warranty or validation on them.
technical bulletins
glossary/jargon buster
for electronics novices
pocket money projects
dcc
cbus®
ptp-lite
atc - auto shuttle
dcc downloads
using servos
copyright notice
training courses
presentations & papers





model rail electronics book

merg is pleased to recommend and support the widely downloaded book, written by merg member davy dick, entitled "electronics for model railways".

this excellent publication is available for free download. 
click here to read more about it and download a copy.



membership






































total membership: 4,034




all material merg © 2025 unless otherwise stated.
member area
useful links
privacy policy
sitemap
contact us




