
ancient resource: ancient coins and artifacts for sale. los angeles, california usa







 













ancient resource home | about ancient resource | vcoins store | news & updates | join mailing list | contact gabriel - place an order





























ancient coins and artifacts for sale.
												authentic & legally / ethically owned.
												los angeles, california usa. since 1998.







now is the time to
														invest in ancient history!


buying an ancient artifact?
																or selling an ancient artifact?
contact gabriel - place an order
customer reviews & testimonials



















join our mailing list






» join now















														for email marketing you can trust











welcome! my name is gabriel vandervort, and i began collecting and selling ancient artifacts in the late 1990's, born from a lifelong passion for ancient history. when i began this little venture, i was a producer/writer for the history channel, and worked on nearly every ancient history documentary between 1998 and 2003.
										at the time, i began "the ancient resource" as a hobby, to show my personal antiquities collection to anyone interested. this turned into a small local business... the site caught on, and now it is worldwide... i have literally customers on every continent of the globe, finalized by a sale to antarctica in october of 2024.
										for 26+ years i've worked with museums, universities, institutions, auction houses, galleries and collectors in
										46 different countries (and counting). i specialize in genuine ancient artifacts for sale at very reasonable prices, with a primary specialty in ancient roman coins, greek coins, and roman and egyptian artifacts.



my artifacts are all authenticated and legally acquired, and come from old collections, museum deaccessions, auction houses and institutions throughout north america, europe and australia, and i stand by my coins and artifacts with a 100% guarantee of authenticity. with a 97% return customer rate, i pride myself in honesty and great customer relations! -- gabriel vandervort, owner, ancient resource




















medieval & byzantine crosses







pirate & shipwreck treasure coins





ancient egyptian artifacts






roman gambling dice





antique firearms & "pirate" guns!







greek, roman &
															medieval rings





ancient bead jewelry















ancient gold coins




















holy land & biblical coins







artifact & coin
															display frames!







byzantine coins depicting jesus christ










the three wise men
of the bible!














holy land artifacts










moon & mars rocks!











ancient greek artifacts














medieval, crusader & knights templar artifacts






ancient glass artifacts








ancient egyptian
																		mummy-wrappings







greek & roman arrowheads






pre-columbian








ancient seals
persian, babylonian, greco-roman!





ancient roman keys












ancient greek & roman papyrus library seals






athens, greece coins:
																athena and owl







$10 and $20
															roman coins!








olbian dolphin money






vlad the impaler -
															the real count dracula
														of transylvania!






coins of cleopatra vii!
																last queen of egypt






medieval, crusaders
															coins and artifacts





celtic artifacts







greek silver coins








greco-roman
																		alexandria, egypt








medevial venetian coins










ancient oil lamps






ancient armenian coins








phoenician artifacts











carthage, north africa













ancient native
															american / indian







indus valley artifacts







etruscan artifacts
															800-600 bc
















new!
																								ngc certified coins!

















ancient roman
															archers' rings







hittite artifacts







scythian artifacts






ancient resource
gift certificates!



















									my site began because i chose the name "the ancient resource" back in 1998. i knew this business would be the one and only resource for true and authentic ancient coins and artifacts, as i witnessed the spread of the ebay plague and so much mis-information. my site is still the ancient resource, and i am proud of this, although i dropped the "the" many years ago. people still call me "ancient resources" and i attribute that to the sad loss of the singular "the" so many years ago.












all contents (c) 1998-2025 ad. all rights reserved.
										owned, operated, and obsessed upon by gabriel vandervort. reproduction without permission is prohibited. 




















buy with confidence!
charter member,
association of dealers & collectors of ancient & ethnographic art
privacy policy
































older than dirt.
														guaranteed authentic.


ancient coins & artifacts:

ancient egyptian artifacts
ancient jewelry
ancient roman empire
ancient greece
celtic tribes
medieval / crusaders
holy land / biblical
byzantine empire








ancient persia








pirate & shipwreck treasure
ancient gold
pre-columbian artifacts
ancient armenia
etruscan artifacts
ancient jewish / hebrew coins







islamic, arabic & ottoman


ancient asia
indus valley
phoenician artifacts
carthage, north africa
sumeria & babylon
viking, norman, anglo-saxon
hittite artifacts
scythian artifacts
native american artifacts
moon rock, mars rock, meteorites
book store
gift certificates
special: trips & expeditions
























if you've come in from my partnership with national geographic, welcome! i specialize in genuine ancient artifacts, available at very reasonable prices. my artifacts come from old collections, museum deaccessions and institutions throughout europe and the us and i stand by my coins and artifacts with a 100% guarantee of authenticity. with an over 95% return customer rate, i pride myself in honesty, quality, and good customer relations! -- gabriel vandervort, owner, ancient resource





now is the time to invest in ancient history!


buying an ancient artifact?
													or selling an ancient artifact?
contact gabriel 
















join our mailing list






» join now















									for email marketing you can trust




























about ancient resource |customer reviews & testimonials | vcoins store | news & updates | join mailing list | contact gabriel 















everything below this line is temporary housing, not current links!










central asian weapons

ancient egyptian animal mummies

large medieval ceremonial crosses

roman medical instruments

ancient resource recommended books


ottoman empire artifacts



germanic / dark ages






bactrian-greek weapons





egyptian mummy masks


ancient arabic documents

there is still time to order before christmas!

place your order by
																					december 20th for guaranteed delivery before christmas
																					(within the usa)
but things are selling out fast so act quckly!
































