







dccca - improving lives






































































 
















































 skip to main content skip to footerdccca.orgimproving livesinsights
about us

history
our values
culture
impact
executive team
board of directors


support dccca

donate to dccca
improving lives…close to home
giving tuesday
recovery today fund


careers

current job listings
benefits
employee videos
dccca internship program


locations

lawrence, ks
edmond, ok
mission, ks
pittsburg, ks
pratt, ks
topeka, ks
wichita, ks
winfield, ks


training & events

request training
calendar
kansas opioid and stimulant conference
community health promotion summit
past event information















 



about us 
							dccca provides social and community
 
							services that improve the safety, health,
 
							and well-being of those we serve. 
							learn more 
							 



open your heart to a child in foster care 
learn more about fostering/adopting with dccca 
							 



recovery is possible
we're here to help
 
							 


prioritizing the mother–child relationship during recovery 
							research tells us a woman’s relationship with their children plays an integral role in her substance use, treatment, and relapse. 
							read more 
							 




about dccca 
							 



about us 
							dccca provides social and community
 
							services that improve the safety, health,
 
							and well-being of those we serve. 
							learn more 
							 








homepage cta buttonsbegin recovery
naloxone request
foster/adopt contact us
dccca careers
pay bill
donate
contact us
 




our mission
dccca provides social and community services that improve the safety, health, and well-being of those we serve.
testimonials
child placing agency"dccca is by far the best cpa we have worked with. we always recommend dccca to others and feel you do a fabulous job balancing the demands and requirements placed on you with what is best for children and families."
first step at lake view"dccca has helped me more than any other treatment that i've been in. it's the only treatment i've had that has got me to quit doing drugs and alcohol completely."
women’s recovery center"thank you for my sobriety wrc, i love you."




in the newsdccca to support kansas suicide prevention coalition initiatives08/02/2024kansas prescription drug and opioid advisory committee seeks public opinion06/20/2024in memoriam: morris faiman, dccca board member since 1980, passes away at 9104/26/2024dccca to provide training, recruitment support for kansas therapeutic foster homes03/26/2024footersearch dccca.org
headquarters
3312 clinton parkway
lawrence, ks 66047
phone: 785.841.4138
fax: 785.841.5777
email: sorry, you need javascript on to email me.
contact us
 dccca provides social and community services that improve the safety, health, and well-being of those we serve.
organizational statement
licensure and accreditations
terms of use/privacy policy
policies
employee log in

dccca social media






copyright © 2025 · dccca.orgorganizational statement
licensure and accreditations
terms of use/privacy policy
policies
employee log in




















