


create and send customized and personalized greeting ecards





























valentine's day e-cards
create and send customized valentine's day ecards to your loved ones, associates or to whoever deserves a little tlc or attention. add some love and romance to your cards this valentine's day.
create customized valentine's day ecards



 








 






 
 


send personalized ecards to your friends on facebook

create and send customized and personalized greeting ecards
  for valentine's day,  birthdays,  or special occasions

 send personalized cards using your own pictures
 create and save templates for any card
 direct access to 8 special fx for images
 post e-cards to facebook, digg, reddit, +300 more

 resize your own images instantly
 select dates to send cards later
 use your own e-mail address book

 use our sayings, poems and quotes
 access hundreds of images & backgrounds
 add the perfect music to your ecards


only 98¢ per month!











happy valentine's day !!

please open our valentine's day card to you.

- plus -
we know you'll enjoy our valentine's day craft for kids



 
custom card categories





valentine's day
send custom valentine's day ecards to your friends, loved ones and associates. express your thoughts of love.




st. patrick's day
add lucky special effects, irish music, and your own images. create custom st. patrick's day e-cards.



 



easter
extend your blessings by sending a custom created ecard on easter, good friday, lent or easter monday.




mother's day
create and send heart touching, custom designed mother's day e-cards to your mom, girlfriend or wife.



 



halloween
create custom ecards with eerie special effects, spooky music, ghostly backgrounds and even your own horror images. 




christmas
create your own cards with festive special fx, holiday music, your own images, expressive backgrounds and more. 



 



birthday
create custom ecards with cool special effects, party music, vivid backgrounds and your own personalized images.




 

    

 



thinking of you
send thinking of you ecards to your loved ones, family, associates, or to whoever deserves a little extra tlc.




general purpose
send custom general purpose ecards to friends and loved ones for any reason, or just to say hello.





 

 
create your own ecards in just moments

at create ecards, you can create your own ecards with your own images. in just moments, you can create customized and personalized ecards because we provide you with direct and easy access to...


    a huge collection of quotes and sayings for each holiday or special occasion
    a wide variety of alternative image choices
    helpful listings of opening titles, salutations and closing remarks
    an array of background images and colors for specific holidays and events
    multiple options to set font faces, sizes and colors
    a great collection of background music for specific holidays and events
    exciting special effects like snow, storm, rainbow and puzzle
    a 'quick click' image resizer so that your images fit perfectly in any card

although many of the better options are reserved for members, our free ecards version still provides all the basics and can be utilized to create very unique ecards.
 





  customer comments  







"i love your site!!!!!!! this is by far the best greeting card site i've seen." - sherry g.
	"
"thank you for great customer service and your effort to make changes to your web site so promptly. i was able to create a much more satisfying card now with the new image options. what a quality and size difference!" - gitta s. 







  become a member  







 send cards without ads
 save card templates
 create e-cards for facebook
 use your own images
 select send dates
 access extra special effects
 access more card images and backgrounds
 access twice the number of songs
 use our collection of sayings, quotes and poems

join now!








  try our free version  







our free ecards version is available at all times....to everyone. it does not include all the wonderful benefits of our members version, but it still lets you select from our images and add backgrounds, fonts, colors, music and special effects like weather, lake effects or snow.
select a category to create free greeting cards:


select category
valentine's day
st. patrick's day
easter
mother's day
halloween
christmas
thinking of you
birthday
general purpose
------------------
join now
faq's
about us

 






 

our software allows you to easily create ecards and send customized ecards for any holiday, birthday or special occasion. both our paid and free ecards version of our custom ecards lets you add special effects, ecards with music, backgrounds, font colors and more for any and all personalized ecards. follow our clipart and photo editing tutorial for help in creating your own card images.
registered members can log in here to create your custom e-cards.
if you are not a registered member and would like to send cards without ads, save card templates, create e-cards for facebook, use your own images, select send dates, access extra special effects, access more card images and backgrounds, access twice the number of songs, and use our collection of sayings, quotes and poems, visit our benefits page and become a member now!

 

 
directory of fun and entertaining activities and resources

 



candles and aromatherapy
cards and e-cards
computers and electronics
crafts


facebook and youtube
flowers and candy
games and gaming
gifts


graphics and photos
hobbies
holidays and events
humor and jokes


movies and tv
music
other interests
travel and vacations



main index  •  submit a web site  •  report a broken link  •  link to us



 
 
 
free access to holiday quotes and sayings

our greeting cards include holiday related quotes, sayings and poems that can be used when the card creator can't think of what to say. now, we've collected these greeting card sayings and have made them directly available to you, whether you use our custom card creation system or not. enjoy!

 valentine's day greeting card sayings and quotes
from all the times you shared your love and covered me with care, you made grow within my heart...
 st. patrick's day greeting card sayings and quotes
as you slide down the banister of life, may the splinters never point in the same...
 easter greeting card sayings and quotes
may joy be your gift at easter and may faith, hope and love be your treasures all...
 halloween greeting card sayings and quotes
bats and witches fill the air, spooky shadows are everywhere. the moon is out and shining bright...
 christmas greeting card sayings and quotes
may the spirit of christmas  bring you peace, the gladness of christmas give you hope, the...


 
 
most recent articles of interest

keep on top of what is hot by visiting and reviewing these current articles.
10 creative uses for ecards - here are 10 terrific ideas for sending ecards for various occasions and purposes that will save you time and money since you won't have to spend countless hours selecting and sending paper cards.
ecards were once only sent for fun and as special greeting cards, but now online users are finding many creative ways to maximize the benefits of ecards. ecards are practical, easy to send, and even free or very low priced. so what exactly are ecards? ecard is another word for "electronic card" and describes any digital postcard or greeting card that is sent by e-mail. 
while many e-card services are free, some providers offer custom e-cards for a small fee. both free e-cards and paid e-cards are created online using sophisticated, interactive graphic software.  let's explore 10 creative ways to use e-cards... read more
more card articles

 
 



faqs | join now | free version | login | interests | images & templates | about us | contact us | articles | arts & crafts | site map 
christmas ecards • valentines day ecards • easter ecards • halloween ecards • mother's day ecards • st. patrick's day ecards
birthday ecards •  general purpose ecards •  thinking of you ecards
our favorite web sites:
room design guide -  greenest choices - deep healing light - being willing - energy efficient choices

© copyright 2003 - 2025 - createecards.com & david nelmes 
review our privacy statement

 


 

