







home - wee care




















































  







home
about
services

nanny care
temporary care
household services
newborn care specialists
elder care
private educators


logo
job seekers

available positions
requirements


faq
contact

candidates
for families hiring


 

















placing trusted & experienced nannies & other household staff
for over 20 years
 
you work hard to do well for your family, and that means providing them with the finest help and support possible. but how do you know who’s really experienced? who’s caring and competent? can you really trust someone to care for your children and your home as well as you would if you could do it 24/7.



for families 
for job seekers












nanny care
we understand how important your family and home are to you, and we never place anyone we wouldn’t feel comfortable having in our own household. we offer an extensive screening process that delivers nannies who are not merely acceptable, but are truly exceptional.





household services
at wee care domestics, we understand the importance of securing household staff that has demonstrated meticulous attention to detail.  we specialize in placing exceptional household domestics with track records of making long-term commitments to families. whether you are seeking a housekeeper, house manager, domestic couple, driver or personal assistant, our uncompromising high standards and rigorous background checks, make certain your family is getting a high-caliber domestic.





temporary/on-call care
life is busy! perhaps your family needs temporary coverage due to daycare closures, sick children, sick nannies, pregnancy bed rest or just a night out with your spouse! we asked our experienced nannies from our permanent division if they would be interested in doing on-call sitting on the side, and the response was a resounding yes!





private educators
every child is unique, and deserves to learn in a way that clicks with them. with children staying home from school more, custom education can stand up to and even surpass traditional options. with changing circumstances come new opportunities. that’s where in-home, in-person education comes in. kids need continued mental stimulation to learn and grow in a competitive world.








how can we help your family?

contact us












“

wee care nanny made this extremely difficult and overwhelming task so much better.  mellisa took my feedback after the first round of candidates was interviewed (they were all great!) and really helped me narrow down my search.  she never put any pressure on me to choose anyone in particular and was instrumental in helping me hire bhianca quickly.  we couldn't be happier. 
collen l. of greenwich, ct




“

everyone was great! responsive, understood what i was looking for, a pleasure to deal with. i’m so glad i went with you guys. has changed our lives. 
kl of brooklyn, ny




“

we absolutely love working with wee care nanny & sitting service. we moved last summer from the west coast and right away we were able to get temporary help with our 2 year old from experienced, reliable nannies until he started school. from date nights, to last minute coverage, this service will work with you to meet your needs. i'm looking forward to using their full time placement service when we are ready. i highly recommend wee care and will continue to use them weekly! thank you for all your help! 
katherine a. of norwalk, ct




“

i have used this service for about 4 years. it is fantastic! it is such a huge resource when i need a sitter in advance or last minute. i know that they will send an experienced, professional nanny and my kids will be in good hands. i have recommended this service over and over again to parents in need of help. 
mary c. of stamford, ct




‹›










contact us
stamford, ct office 203.359.8410
new haven, ct office 475.655.3097
new york, ny office 212.452.6179





follow along















this error message is only visible to wordpress admins
error: no feed found.
please go to the instagram feed settings page to create a feed.




 privacy policy       •      © wee care        •       blog 

a doodle dog creative website








 













