






saul williams - official website























































skip to main content










hit enter to search or esc to close




close search
    








 




 
menu     



home
bio
performance
work
store
enquiries/info
twitter facebook youtube instagram  











 




  













saul williams' self-titled album is available on vinyl for the first time ever.


the self-titled and self-produced album from saul williams. first establishing himself as an influential poet, and then as an award-winning screenwriter/actor, saul williams went on to establish himself as an mc. his approach to mcing wasn’t exactly in line with the traditional school of hip-hop. his rhymes weren’t really rhymes but rather his poetry delivered in a frenzied spoken word manner that was more rhythmic than alliterate. this is his second album and features zach de la roca, serj tankian (system of a down), and ikey owens (rip) of mars volta. 2004.




“trent reznor heard this album and asked me to open the “with teeth” nine inch nails tour. after our first show together, he asked if he could produce my next album, which became the inevitable rise of niggy tardust (recorded while we were on the road). after hurricane katrina, i performed this album with trent and nin as my backing band at voodoo festival.”




find the masterful blend of spoken word and electro rap at @vinylmeplease on galaxy blue vinyl.
purchase at vmp (exclusive)
















  








criterion collection
saul williams and anisia uzeyman's closet picks!













  








neptune frost’s first trailer offers a glimpse at saul williams’ boundary-pushing afropunk sci-fi musical


neptune frost, the sci-fi musical from filmmaker anisia uzeyman and artist-musician-poet saul williams, is set to open in theaters nationwide on june 3. ahead of the film’s premiere, distributor kino lorber has released a new trailer that offers a glimpse into the film’s unique and inspiring world of neon colors and binary-shattering exuberance.
set in the hilltops of burundi, neptune frost follows the parallel journeys of an intersex runaway (elvis ngabo, cheryl isheja) and an escaped coltan miner (bertrand ninteretse) who meet and fall in love with one another through a quirk of cosmic providence. joining together, the lovers spark a revolution as they unite a disparate community of miners to form an anti-colonialist hacker collective resisting an oppressive regime hellbent on despoiling the region’s resources for their own nefarious purposes.




find a theater near you




read article at polygon
















  



the new york times: "the best films of 2022, so far"


the times’s co-chief critics, a.o. scott and manohla dargis, pick their favorites of the year and neptune frost is on the list!




read the article


new york times critics pick!


‘neptune frost’ review: unanimous gold mine
an afrofuturist fantasia about the state of the world and how to resist it.




read review
















  



interview: neptune frost, saul williams and anisia uzeyman on their afrofuturist musical


screenanarchy interview by david chang




read interview
















  













neptune frost – us premiere at new york film festival


multi-hyphenate, multidisciplinary artist saul williams brings his unique dynamism to this afrofuturist vision, a sci-fi punk musical that’s a visually wondrous amalgamation of themes, ideas, and songs that williams has explored in his work, notably his 2016 album martyrloserking. co-directed with his partner, the rwandan-born artist anisia uzeyman, the film takes place amidst the hilltops of burundi, where a collective of computer hackers emerges from within a coltan mining community, a result of the romance between a miner and an intersex runaway. set between states of being—past and present, dream and waking life, colonized and free, male and female, memory and prescience—neptune frost is an invigorating and empowering direct download to the cerebral cortex and a call to reclaim technology for progressive political ends.
saturday october 2nd 3pm  at  alice tully hall
sunday october 3rd  at walter reed theater




learn more & get tickets












rolling stone – from 'top gun: maverick' to 'thor: love and thunder': every movie you need to see this summer


“amidst a futuristic background of colonization, hyper-industrialization, student protests and civil unrest, an intersex hacker falls in love with a miner seeking revenge for the death of his brother. their bond could herald the dawning of a new era, not to mention an opportunity for a lot of experimental narrative storytelling and the chance to rage against any number of machines. that’s as close as we can come to describing what happens this afro-cyberpunk collaboration between directors saul williams (slam) and anisia uzeyman — it’s a movie that defies easy classification but gives you the sort of bold, singular experience that imprints you on a big way.“







  













neptune frost


neptune frost is the martyrloserking—the #1 trend the authority seeks to end. 
a musical written & directed by saul williams.




“staunchly intersectional, wildly ambitious, it’s a film that plants a seed of countercultural hope while pushing back the boundaries of the genre.” —thomas page, cnn




“a film that dovetails with williams’ artistic and political convictions… at a time when the growing social justice movement makes his african sci-fi musical especially timely.” —christopher vourlias, variety




“williams is on the verge of becoming a true directorial talent to watch in 2021.” —eric kohn, indiewire







 






























  








massive attack x saul williams - eutopia ep













  








premiere: saul williams preaches a message of love and unity in "dare" visual













  













the latest album by saul williams
encrypted & vulnerable


listen hereread more



























































  
















dancing between worlds: an interview with saul williams
read the interview with saul williams in the la review of books















  













christian scott atunde adjuah continues to break new ground


album review in the new york times.




more















  





saul williams interview on q
the poet, musician and activist on the power of poetry, on stage and off.




listen to interview















  








“kiss & describe it” by andrew gura


an experimental short by los angeles-based director and photographer andrew gura, featuring acclaimed musician and poet saul williams. having worked together since the late 90s, “kiss &amp; describe it” began with the idea of taking a few portraits at saul’s home in los angeles, but quickly transformed into something else entirely.




more















  








saul williams' tiny desk concert


an experimental short by los angeles-based director and photographer andrew gura, featuring acclaimed musician and poet saul williams. having worked together since the late 90s, “kiss &amp; describe it” began with the idea of taking a few portraits at saul’s home in los angeles, but quickly transformed into something else entirely.




in terms of sheer intensity, saul williams’ tiny desk concert may be the most potent in our eight-year history.
read more















  





the fader: saul williams walks barefoot through ferguson in “the noise came from here” video




read more on the fader















  














handwritten martyr loser king lyrics















  














martyr loser king
read moreapple musicamazon (vinyl)







































 

neptune frost
martyr loser king
read morehandwritten lyrics pdf







 




















© 2025 saul williams.  web development by aenoch













close menu
    


home
bio
performance
work
store
enquiries/info





twitter facebook youtube instagram  

 
 






























