














            








latest news, breaking news, live news, top news headlines, viral video, cricket live, sports, entertainment, business, health, lifestyle and utility news | india.com news













 





 

































 

 




 
 
 

 

 



 






























travel by india.com
screenbox
the health site
bollywood life
cricket country
petuz
techlusive
my-lord
follow us on:
            






we are on telegram now
click this icon for latest updates
















 







 























 




switch to हिंदी 









latest

maha kumbh 2025

travel

sports

entertainment

videos

viral

photos

webstories




 




india

world

business

states
 uttar pradesh
madhya pradesh
karnataka
bihar
rajasthan
maharashtra
delhi
west bengal
tamil nadu
telangana
 
education

autoz

lifestyle

health

petuz













india                                                                   world                                                                   business                                                                   states                                                                   education                                                                   autoz                                                                   lifestyle                                                                   health                                                                   petuz                                            
                                



advertise with us
about us
disclaimer
privacy policy
t&c
contact us
complaint





 



























                          follow us  

































 we are on telegram now
click this icon for latest updates
















 





























congress mp's wife accused of links with pakistan's isi, the mp is   , his wife is british












world
india, us in tension as this muslim country bought pakistan's fighter jet j-10c from   , will replace american made...








cricket
icc champions trophy 2025: rohit sharma on the verge of making history, needs 183 runs to become first player in  the  world  to...








world
india, pakistan, bangladesh at risk of destruction more powerful than 500 atomic bombs due to...








entertainment
'i am scared...': ranveer allahbadia issues fresh statement, reveals he is receiving...










world
this muslim nation seals massive defence deals, not iran, it's name is..., the deals are for...








viral
mukesh ambani, anil ambani own fleet of cars, but owner of dhirubhai ambani's cadillac is..., he is a famous....








cricket
herschelle gibbs takes a dig at babar azam's english speaking language skills, says 'it's difficult...'








lifestyle
weight loss story: woman who lost 9 kgs shares what to eat before workout to reduce waist size








entertainment news more in entertainment news 




  


amitabh bachchan once went to a strip club in..., his shirt was unbuttoned and then....


 



  


'i am scared...': ranveer allahbadia issues fresh statement, reveals he is receiving...


 


  


meet woman who gave several hits yet remained a flop actor, her net worth is rs 15 crores, looks stunning even at 46, she is...


 


  


meet flop actress who has not given a single hit in the last 9 years, worked with many stars, debut film was..., her name is...


 


  


meet sridevi's hero, failed to give one hit in 17 years, even rishi kapoor failed to save his career, quit acting, he is now..


   

travel by india.commore travel by india.com 






  


7 best places to relax in shillong, meghalaya


 





  


discover kolkata's hidden natural wonders beyond its colonial charm!


 



  


why delhi ridge is considered the ‘lungs of delhi’ – find out now!


 



  


6 best locations to enjoy alone in udaipur 


 



  


trek, relax, and explore: top 8 best waterfalls near coimbatore you should explore


 





business news more in business news 




  


gautam adani loses rs 2,36,60,45,95,500 in a day, his rank on richest individuals is now…, faces risk of…


 



  


stressing on better work-life balance, this indian state pushes for 'work from home', the state is…, it will impact…


 


  


mukesh ambani buys another company, its name is..., the company deals in...


 


  


meet man, who once took over struggling 650-bed hospital, now leading india's second-largest hospital chain, net worth is rs..., not from iim, iit; his name is...


 


  


pm modi and trump's usd 600 billion plan, good news for israel and..., bad news for china due to...


 
viral news more in viral news 




  


danger approaching at 38,000 km/hour! several cities to be wiped out, china is deploying 'army', the asteroid to hit earth in...


 



  


gaganyaan mission: indian scientists not sending human astronauts to space, they have decided to send..., reason is…


 


  


who is ranveer allahbadia's father, why he is called 'miracle man', he started semen lab in...


 


  


mukesh ambani at 1, mistry at 4.... why is adani's name missing from this list? the reason is..., the list is about...


 


  


largest known object in universe found in..! 13000 times bigger than milky way, its name is….


  
video reels more in video reels 







  







us elections 2024: who is kamala harris’s running mate in the 2024 election?


 





  







kiren rijiju slams rahul gandhi's remarks in us: "shows his immaturity"


 





  







eam s jaishankar hints at potential disruptive political changes in bangladesh


 





  







independence day 2024: why pakistan celebrates freedom a day before india


 





  







nominated mp sudha murty’s ‘special’ request to nitin gadkari


 





  







us president joe biden takes bike ride near his delaware vacation home


 







  
 
 


webstories view all 







 




























































score big savings: shop trendy women's handbags up to 70% off on amazon!


 





 




























































9 must-watch suspense thrillers on ott that will make your jaws drop


 





 




























































7 beautiful images of andromeda galaxy captured by nasa


 





 




























































8 rare pictures of ‘king of the planets’ jupiter shared by nasa


 





 




























































7 mesmerizing photos of nebulae shared nasa


 





 




























































stay stylish & comfortable all day with men's trendy kurtas on amazon


 





 




























































8 stunning deep space images shared by nasa’s james webb telescope


 





 




























































get sound sleep! discover unbeatable deals on sleep and maternity pillows at amazon


 





 




























































goodbye neck pain, hello productivity: shop laptop stands for ultimate comfort!


 





 




























































chhaava cast fees: vicky kaushal, rashmika mandanna to akshaye khanna charged this much


 










videos
more videos 



viral
entertainment
sports
tech








 






 






 



 







 



 














 






 






 



 







 



 














 






 






 



 


 



 



 


 










 






 






 



 


 



 



 


 













cricket news more in cricket news 




  


sachin tendulkar to lead star-studded india masters in iml 2025, it includes world cup winners like…


 



  


kusal mendis, dunith wellalage star in sri lanka’s biggest ever win over australia in odi cricket


 


  


pakistan vs new zealand 2025 tri-series odi final live streaming: when and where to watch


 


  


ipl 2025 to start on this date, kkr vs rcb to kick-start the tournament at...


 


  


team india can earn as much as rs 200000000 from icc champions trophy 2025 if...


 
women more in women 




  


meet indian woman who forced rs 336000 crore us company to change its rules; was the first woman to..., her name is...


 



  


keerthy suresh's iyengar bridal saree had a self written poem and was an ode to her... - viral video


 


  


sobhita dhulipala is a golden bride in shiny kanjeevaram silk saree with traditional gold necklace, bajubandh and more - see pic


 


  


weight loss story: how this woman lost 54 kgs naturally with green tea and more?


 


  


meet india's first ai mom-influencer kavya mehra who gives tips on modern motherhood, wears lehenga and more - watch video


 
sports news more in sports news 




  


this is what smriti mandhana and harmanpreet kaur said when asked about growing popularity of women's cricket ahead of wpl 2025


 



  


sachin tendulkar to lead star-studded india masters in iml 2025, it includes world cup winners like…


 


  


ipl 2025 to start on this date, kkr vs rcb to kick-start the tournament at...


 


  


kusal mendis, dunith wellalage star in sri lanka’s biggest ever win over australia in odi cricket


 


  


team india can earn as much as rs 200000000 from icc champions trophy 2025 if...


 
india news more in india news 




  


congress mp's wife accused of links with pakistan's isi, the mp is…, his wife is british…


 



  


dream city like singapore and dubai to be developed in india! spread across 759 acres, the new city will be built at...


 


  


uttar pradesh, west bengal and..., five indian states with highest number of waqf properties, check full list here


 


  


us f-35 with accurate target or russian su-57 with 12 hypersonic missiles, which fighter jet will india select?


 


  


world's longest traffic jam? endless wait for many as traffic jam stretches to 300km, wait extends to…, it happened in…


 
world news more in world news 




  


india, pakistan, bangladesh at risk of destruction more powerful than 500 atomic bombs due to...


 



  


world's largest gold reserve worth rs 7095771696000 discovered in...., the deposit lies within...


 


  


bad news for indians as saudi arabia changes visa rules, bans multiple-entry visas, you can now only apply for..., visitors can stay for maximum...


 


  


bankrupt bangladesh begs this muslim nation to lift visa ban on bangladeshis, the country is…, it wants dhaka to…


 


  


this muslim nation, a friend of turkey and pakistan, set to teach brotherhood with jews in schools, its name is…, textbooks say judaism…


 
education news more in education news 




  


cbse board exam for class 10 and 12 begins february 15: what's allowed and what's not, other important...


 



  


meet bihar's first female ips, got married at 19, was asked tricky question in interview related to…, her answer was…


 


  


meet man who secured 5th rank in neet, completed mbbs degree from..., and then....


 


  


meet woman who quit high-paying job to fulfill her uncle's dream, missed prelims by 6 marks, then cleared upsc, became ips with air..., now posted at...


 


  


daughter of a teacher father and housewife mother, this woman is first female pilot of indian navy, her name is…, she is from...


 
tech news more in tech news 




  


whole new features rolled out by whatsapp, chatting, camera filters, image effects, stickers and a lot more; read here


 



  


5000 kmph speed, around earth in just 7 hours: this country is developing hypersonic…


 


  


you might soon get a personal assistant on whatsapp, and that is …...


 


  


mukesh ambani diwali gift for jio customers: get unlimited 5g data, free calling and much more for just rs...


 


  


reliance jio diwali dhamaka: mukesh ambani gifts 100 mbps speed, free disney+ hotstar, sony liv and much more to jio fiber customers 


 
lifestyle news more in lifestyle news 




  


weight loss story: woman who lost 9 kgs shares what to eat before workout to reduce waist size


 



  


weight loss story: woman loses 90 kgs with this 10 minute exercise, eggs and...


 


  


happy valentines day 2025: know the story of st valentine and why we celebrate it on february 14?


 


  


kiss day 2025: why do we celebrate this romantic day during valentine's week?


 


  


kiss day 2025: best whatsapp wishes, sms, status, and greetings to share with your loved ones


 








   

don’t miss out on the latest updates.
subscribe to our newsletter today!


subscribe now

  



subscribe now
enroll for our free updates








  

thank you





 























video of the day









 






india-russia relations: jaishankar's sharp response to australia   s "angst" over india-russia ties


 





 






kamala harris delivers emotional speech as trump secures victory | us election


 





 






trump 2.0: trump makes history with record-breaking win after 132 years | us elections 2024


 





 






canada hindu temple attack: trudeau calls khalistani attack on brampton hindu temple 'unacceptable'


 





 






first visuals of idf   s deadly strikes at iran's surface as israel launches direct attack on tehran


 







watch more












live tv








  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  







top news


google to pay rs 47000000 per month for..., the payment will be made in indian city of...



dream city like singapore and dubai to be developed in india! spread across 759 acres, the new city will be built at...



bad news for indians as saudi arabia changes visa rules, bans multiple-entry visas, you can now only apply for..., visitors can stay for maximum...



meet prateik babbar's wife priya banerjee, once listed as most desirable women, worked with aishwarya rai, katrina kaif, sidharth malhotra



meet man, who leads rs 1500000000000 business, drives rs 600000 car, no mobile phone, his name is    source of income is...









editor's pick




  


lahore would have been in india if...: when an indian army regiment went deep into the heart of pakistan, the regiment is...


 




















live scorecard







live
up next
results







									tanzania vs uganda - match 27 
								
uganda beat tanzania by 59 runs
 





								pakistan vs new zealand - match 1
							


19 feb, 2025
14:30 ist | 09:00 gmt


national stadium, karachi


								india vs bangladesh - match 2
							


20 feb, 2025
14:30 ist | 09:00 gmt


dubai international cricket stadium, dubai


								afghanistan vs south africa - match 3
							


21 feb, 2025
14:30 ist | 09:00 gmt


national stadium, karachi


								australia vs england - match 4
							


22 feb, 2025
14:30 ist | 09:00 gmt


gaddafi stadium, lahore


								india vs pakistan - match 5
							


23 feb, 2025
14:30 ist | 09:00 gmt


dubai international cricket stadium, dubai
 





								new zealand vs pakistan - final match
							

new zealand beat pakistan by 5 wickets



								sri lanka vs australia - 2nd odi match
							

sri lanka beat australia by 174 runs



								india vs england - 3rd odi match
							

india beat england by 142 runs



								pakistan vs south africa - match 3
							

pakistan beat south africa by 6 wickets



								sri lanka vs australia - 1st odi match
							

sri lanka beat australia by 49 runs

 










explainers




  


 russia-ukraine war: who are 'bucha witches', women volunteers who gun down russian drones in kyiv?


 



  


 explained: how switzerland's suspension of mfn status to india would affect indian investors? all you need to know


 



  


 '27000 grenades, 840 rocket launchers...': what is the 2004 chittagong arms smuggling case in which ulfa chief paresh baruah was sentenced to death? - explained


 



  


 hypersonic, ballistic, and cruise missiles: which is more lethal? how are they different? things you must know


 



  


 explained: how bangladesh's quota protests snowballed into a mass movement against sheikh hasina


 



  


 kerala landslides: what caused the devastation in wayanad | explained


 



  


 uk general elections 2024: here's how president is elected, electoral process, parties and key contenders


 



  


 what has caused record-breaking temperatures in delhi? weathermen give these reasons


 



  


 explained: why is us proposing a nationwide ban on tiktok and how it will affect users?


 



  


 explainer: what are taurus missiles, the weapon at heart of leaked audio and russian-german tensions?


 





hindi news




  


 'मेरी जान को खतरा...डरा हुआ हूं', india's got latent विवाद के बीच रणवीर इलाहाबादिया को मिली जान से मारने की धमकी?


 



  


 महाकुंभ मेले में फिर लगी आग, धू-धू कर जल उठे टेंट; चौथी बार हुआ हादसा


 



  


 छत्तीसगढ़ नगर निकाय चुनाव में bjp ने मारी बाजी, कांग्रेस को 0 तो aap का खुला खाता


 



  


 दिल्ली: नतीजों के 7 दिन बाद aap में बड़ी फूट, बीजेपी में शामिल हुए कई नेता; यहां देखें फुल लिस्ट


 



  


 न्यू इंडिया कोऑपरेटिव बैंक में 122 करोड़ रुपये का गबन,  gm और अकाउंट्स हेड के खिलाफ fir दर्ज


 












  


 'शीश महल' के चक्कर में केजरीवाल की बढ़ी मुश्किलें,  बंगले के नवीनीकरण मामले में जांच का आदेश


 



  


 भारत के पड़ोसी देश जिससे की भारतीय सीमाएं लगती हैं


 



  


 gbs virus: महाराष्ट्र में gbs वायरस से हाहाकार, मरीजों की संख्या 207 हुई, 20 वेंटिलेटर पर


 



  


 प्रयागराज में भीषण सड़क हादसा, महाकुंभ जा रहे श्रद्धालुओं की कार बस से टकराई ; 10 की मौत


 



  


 ट्रंप की शपथ के बाद दूसरी बार निर्वासित हो रहे हैं भारतीय, 119 'अवैध प्रवासी' 16 feb को अमृतसर पहुंचेंगे


 















  


 गुजरात के कौन से शहर में सबसे ज्यादा मुसलमान आबादी रहती है ?


 



  


 मुगल किस चीज से बने सीमेंट से बनाते थे घर, आज भी हैं मजबूत


 



  


 पार्टी में चिकन खाने के बाद 9 साल की बच्ची की मौत, 15 लोग से ज्यादा अस्पताल में भर्ती


 



  


 delhi next cm: दिल्ली का मुख्यमंत्री कौन, ये 9 नाम सबसे आगे, पीएम लगाएंगे मुहर, 20 feb तक होगा सरकार का गठन


 



  


 todays breaking news live:  यूपी की बस्ती में भीषण सड़क हादसा, चार लोगों की दर्दनाक मौत


 



  


 चुनावों में खराब परफॉर्मेंस के बाद कांग्रेस में बड़ा फेरबदल, 11 राज्यों में बदले प्रभारी; बिहार में दिया सरप्राइज


 



  


 pm मोदी और डोनाल्ड ट्रंप की दोस्ती से पाकिस्तान परेशान, आतंकवाद के नाम पर लगी मिर्ची; कही ये बात


 



  


 valentine's day की खूनी दास्तान! प्रेमी ने शादी करने से किया मना तो युवती ने कर डाला ये कांड


 



  


 cbse एग्जाम के लिए दिल्ली मेट्रो भी तैयार, छात्रों को समय पर सेंटर पहुंचाने के लिए शुरू की ये सुविधा


 



  


 india's got latent : कहां गए रणवीर इलाहाबादिया? घर पहुंची मुंबई और असम पुलिस को गेट पर मिला ताला


 



  


 nasa ने दी फाइनल डेट, अगले महीने की इस तारीख को पृथ्वी पर कदम रखेंगी सुनीता विलियम्स


 



  


 pm मोदी से मुलाकात के बाद बांग्लादेश को लेकर ट्रंप ने कह दी बड़ी बात, भारत करेगा पड़ोसी मुल्क का 'इलाज'!


 



  


 pm मोदी और राष्ट्रपति ट्रंप की मुलाकात में इन 10 मुद्दों पर बनी बात, जानिए us दौरे की बड़ी बातें


 



  


 ईरान के इन ठिकानों को इजरायल कर सकता है तबाह, अमेरिकी खुफिया एजेंसियों का अलर्ट


 



  


 'तेरहवीं' के दिन अचानक घर पहुंच गया शख्स, महाकुंभ भगदड़ के बाद से था लापता; दोस्तों ने की थी ब्रह्मभोज की तैयारी तभी...


 
















by clicking “accept all cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts cookies policy. 


reject all
accept all cookies


 












 









 
 
 














