

who are the happy gods?


who are the happy gods?
(if you are going to worship a god, it might as well be a happy one)

achelois (greek goddess)
achelois means "she who drives away pain", and she was a moon goddess. minor greek goddesses: a-e
aphrodite (greek goddess)
aphrodite is the goddess of love, beauty and sexual rapture.she loved gaiety and glamour goddesses and gods love and sexuality
apollo (greek god)
apollo is in many respects the paradigm of a greek god. he represents order, harmony, and civilization in a way that most other olympian deities cannot equal. carrying a lyre that symbolizes music, poetry, and dance, apollo is a patron of the arts, poets, and muses. apollo at a glance apollo is the only greek god who did not sleep with aphrodite, but he did sleep with her son, hymen. apollo's other male lovers included: king admetus of thessaly, amyclas and his son hyacinthus the king of sparta, branchus, cyparissus, daphnis, hylas, iapis, orpheus, paros, phrobas, potneius, troilus, tymnius, zacynthus, and the ram-god carneius. greek gods and goddesses
ame-no-uzume (japanese goddess)
"the dance of the goddess ame-no-uzume grew wilder as she recalled a thousand orgasms she had enjoyed: her nipples stiffened and she felt her sex open when she remembered the phalluses of the countless lovers who had penetrated her. when at last she brought herself to the crisis, she opened her clothes to reveal herself to the kami: wet to the knees, her sex throbbing with joy."
anna perenna (roman goddess)
goddess of the new year, provider of food. her festival is march 15 and she is honored at the full moon. she was populist and always sided with the poor and unlucky. anna perenna
bacchus (roman god)
god of wine and intoxication. (equivalent of dionysus) he represents not only the intoxicating power of wine, but its social and beneficent influences likewise, so that he is viewed as the promoter of civilization, and a lawgiver and lover of peace.  bacchus was the god of wine
bastet (egyptian goddess)
a woman with the head of a domesticated cat, sometimes holding a sistrum. as a sun goddess she represents the warm, life giving power of the sun. bastet was usually seen as a gentle protective goddess. egyptian goddess-bastet
baubo (greek goddess)
baubo appears in the story of demeter & persephone. demeter was very sad at the abduction of perspephone, and wandered the land in mourning, fury and despair. she would not let anything grow and the other gods were becoming desperate. then baubo appears: she has pendulous breasts with eyes for nipples, and she speaks from her vulva. baubo swings herself onto the well by which demeter sits grieving, and begins to tell demeter rude jokes with her fanny. demeter eventually starts laughing and they both sit and laugh, and from that moment on, demeter allows living things to grow again.
belun (slavic god)
belun was the god of the day, the god of heaven, the bringer of good luck, the god of heavenly light and the god of happiness and peace.  he appeared as a wise old man with a long beard and dressed in white
benten or benzaiten (japanese god)
benzaiten (benten) originates from the indian goddess sarasvati, known as the goddess of music, fine arts, eloquence, literature, she is the only woman among the seven gods of fortune in japan
bikeh hozho (navajo god)
bikeh hozho represents the personified power of speech
bishamon (japanese god)
god of happiness and war, a strange combination. bishamon protects men from disease and demons. bishamon was often portrayed wearing a wheel of fire like a halo, which some see as the wheel of fate
blid (scandinavian god)
a girly handmaiden mate of freya. her name means 'gentle'.
chicomecoatl (aztec god)
in aztec mythology, chicomecoatl was the goddess of maize and fertility. every september, she received a sacrifice of young girl, decapitated. the sacrifice's blood was poured on a statue of chicmecoatl and her skin was worn by a priest. she was thought of as a female counterpart to centeotl and was also called xilonen ("the hairy one", which referred to the hairs on unshucked maize), who was married to tezcatlipoca. 
chokmah (spanish god)
the mother goddess (later to become in gnostic tradition the holy spirit chokmah or sophia in the form of the dove) was once revered and worshipped as one deity who ran the world.
chunda (buddhist goddess)
a buddhist goddess of wisdom. she is identified by the seed-filled lemon in her right hand, symbolizing knowledge
cocomama or cocamama (peru goddess)
cocamama is mother coca, also referred to as mother earth. cocamama became the goddess of health and happiness, as the ancient peruvians believed that chewing coca leaves was extremely good for you.
comus (roman god)
in greek mythology comus is the god of revelry, the son of circe and bacchus
concordia (roman goddess)
concordia is pictured seated, wearing a long, flowing robe and holding a sacrificial bowl in her left hand and a cornucopia in her right. her temple was the meeting place of the roman senate.
devananda (india god)
delight of the gods
dionysus (greek god)
dionysus is the patron of poetry, the song, and drama, and of course wine and its intoxication effects. he was credited with the invention of wine making and its use on earth and this became almost his chief attribute in his roman form - bacchus
djigonasee (huron god)
a heroine of the ontario hurons, djigonasee was the mother of the peacebringer deganiwada, founder of the iroquois laeague (six nations). like many mothers of heroes, djigonasee was a virgin when her son was born
dorje naljorma or dorje phagmo (tibetan god)
the main yidam (meditational deity) of the kagyu tradition. she is the embodiment of wisdom.
ececheira (greek god)
she was really cool. she was the personification of armistice and truce. she was at all the olympics to keep the peace.
ekajata (buddhist god)
a buddhist goddess of good fortune, giving  happiness and removing personal obstacles
eleos (greek goddess)
eleos was the female personification of pity and mercy.
elpis (greek goddess)
elpis was the female personification of hope. she along with the other daimones were trapped inside a jar by zeus and entrusted to the care of pandora the first woman. when she in her curiousity released the harmful spirits from the jar, elpis (hope) remained behind to comfort mankind. elpis was depicted as a young woman, usually carrying flowers in her arms.
eros (greek god)
eros is the the greek god of love and beauty. he stands over love with aphrodite and education with athena. greek gods and goddesses
eueucoyotl (aztec god)
the old, old coyote. associated with gaiety and sex. a god of spontaneity, of ostentatious ornament, of unexpected pleasure and sorrow. a trickster and troublemaker.
euphrosyne (greek god)
goddess of joy and one of the three graces. she is the happy smiling one, bubbling over with laughter.
eutychia (greek goddess)
the greek personification and goddess of happiness. in roman mythology her equivalent was felicitas.
fand (celtic goddess)
goddess of happiness and pleasure. wife of manannan mac lir, god of the sea
felicitas (roman goddess)
felicitas is the goddess of good fortune, not to be confused with fortuna.
fortuna (roman goddess)
the goddess fortuna controls the destiny of every human being. she is the goddess who permits the fertilization of humans, animals and plants. 
fu shen or fu-hsing (chinese god)
in chinese mythology, star god of happiness, one of the three stellar divinities known collectively as fu-shou-lu. he is one of many chinese gods who bestow happiness on their worshipers
fuwch frech (welsh godcow)
the fuwch frech is a magic cow, brindled black and brown. when a person is in great need, she will suddenly appear to fill the largest milk pail and then vanish. she seems to belong to fairies. one man said that after she visited him he heard a voice call her, and saw the cow disappear into a lake.
ganga (india god)
hindu goddess of purification of the river ganges
genetaska (iroquois goddess)
she was a human woman so wise that squabbles among her people were brought to her for settlement. genetaska was always impartial and fair, but one day she fell in love with a defendant and then married him. this ruined her reputation for impartiality and her "office" of mediator was abolished. 
gwen (celtic goddess)
a young female who was so beautiful that almost no one could live if they gazed upon her for long.  she was perhaps a minor sun or moon goddess or a goddess of light.
hathor (egyptian goddess)
hathor is a very ancient goddess, dating to predynastic times. when dynastic rule began, as horus was associated with the king, hathor was with the queen. her name translates to "the house of horus," and so she is associated with the royal family. but also, as the entire world could be said to be the house of horus, hathor can be seen as the mother-goddess of the whole world, similar to isis. inspiration was also hathor's bailiwick, and many would come to the temples of hathor to have their dreams explained or to beseech her for her aid in creation, much in the same way the greeks invoked the nine muses
hotei (japanese shinto-god)
hotei is a japanese god of happiness, laughter and the wisdom of contentment. find out more about this shinto-god of luck at holy mountain
horae (greek goddesses)
the horae (the hours) are the goddesses of the seasons (the greek had only three seasons; spring, summer and winter), and the daughters of zeus and themis. they are called thallo, auxo and carpo, names which denote budding, growth and ripening. later, as eunomia ("good order"), dike ("justice") and eirene ("peace") they represented law and order in society. as goddesses of nature they controlled the growth of plants; as goddesses of order they maintained the stability of society.
hsi-shen (chinese god)
sunlight (benign, ordered). major god of joy. he is depicted carrying a basket into which are thrust three magickal peachwood arrows
iambe (greek goddess)
in greek mythology, iambe was an old woman who made demeter smile or laugh when the latter was mourning the loss of her daughter, persephone. she was a daughter of echo and pan. she was the first priestess of demeter.
irene (greek god)
irene was the greek goddess of peace. she was sometimes regarded as one of the horae, who presided over the seasons and the order of nature, and were the daughters of zeus and themis.
jarina (belem/brazil goddess)
a bakairi tree goddess, well known for her capacity for drink.
keledones (greek goddesses)
the khryseiai keledones were beautiful women-shaped automatones, magical singers crafted by hephaistos out of gold to adorn the first, mythical temple of apollon at delphoi.
komodia (greek god )
a goddess of happiness and amusement. more like the personification of it.
koros (greek god)
goddess of extravagant joy and exuberance.
kuo tzu-i (chinese god)
one of the greatest of chinese generals, later deified in popular religion. he is generally equated with fu-hsing, the stellar god of happiness, though this honour is also given to the 6th-century mandarin yang ch'eng. in szechwan, kuo tzu-i is known as t'sai-shen, the god of riches.
lada (slavic god)
the spring maiden lada is the slavic goddess of love and beauty. she returns from the underworld at the vernal equinox, bringing the lark and the springtime with her. dressed in a gown of greenery and pregnant with her daughter lelya, lada welcomes the birds and restores joy and hope to our souls
lalita (india god)
lalita is a woman-child goddess of happiness or playfulness. she delights in all play and pleasure, both child-like and sexual. the universe is a great toy to her, created for her enjoyment.
lono (hawaiian god)
but in general, lono, as the god of fertility, held sway over the islands in this season. his image made a clockwise circuit along the coast of the island, with the celebrations beginning just before his arrival, and ending at his departure. the entire time lono was traveling, warfare across the entire island was forbidden. most work was forbidden, but on specific days the kapu, the religious laws, were relaxed to allow people to farm or fish so that they would not starve.
mabon (celtic god)
welsh god of all things wild and free, and of fertility. mabon is literally welsh for ‘son’. he was stolen from his mother three days after his birth and locked away till he was a man, eventually freed with the wisdom and memory of the most ancient of living animals
mawu and liza (fon/benin god)
mawu is the supreme god of the fon people of abomey (republic of benin). mawu , the moon, brings cooler temperatures to the african world. she is seen as an old mother who lives in the west. mawu has a partner called liza. together, they created the world. their son, gu, is the smith god, or divine tool. they used him to shape the universe. the serpent da, also helped them during creation. mawu was the goddess of night, joy, and motherhood. liza was the god of day, heat and strength.
mo'o (polynesian goddesses)
water spirits, usually female, in the form of large lizards. mo'o are 'aumakua, or ancestral gods, who protect their descendants from danger or sorcery, heal sickness or wounds, and forgive transgressions; they can restore a person to life or guide the spirit of the dead to join the spirits of its ancestors in the afterworld
nandi (india god)
symbolically nandi represents the passion and love of siva for beings. nandi is well versed in all scriptural knowledge
nat or nott (scandinavian god)
the primeval goddess and mother of the earth and day
ninkasi (sumerian goddess)
a sumerian goddess of intoxicating drink. every day she prepares beer for the other gods.
ochumare (yoruba goddess)
santeria goddess of the rainbow.
patrimpas (lithuanian god)
god of agriculture, joy, peace, spring
pax (roman god)
roman god of peace
pu-hsing (chinese god)
chinese god of happiness
quan-yin (chinese god)
the goddess of compassion and mercy. quan yin (kuan yin) is the chinese bodhisattva (buddhistic prophet, a true enlightened one) to whom childless women turn for help. 
re'are'a (tahiti god)
tahiti god of happiness and joy
samkhat (babylonian goddess)
babylonian goddess of happiness and joy
siduri (sumerian god)
sumerian god of happiness and merriment. a barmaid who advises gilgamesh to abandon his quest for immortality and enjoy the temporal pleasures allotted to mortals while he may.
spes (roman goddess)
goddess personifying hope. she was depicted with a cornucopia and a flower. 
suklang-malayon (philippines goddess)
the goddess and guardian of happy homes and sister of alunsina
sunrta (hindu god)
hindu god of happiness
thalia (greek goddess)
one of the three charites who welcomed aphrodite when she was blown to shore by the east wind.
tlazolteotl (aztec god )
the aztec earth and mother-godddess, and goddess of sex. tlazolteotl was also called "the eater of filth", and she got this name from the legend that at the end of a man's life she comes to him and he more or less confesses and she cleanses his soul, eating it's filth. she was also the mother of childbirth.
tsho-gyalma (tibetan god)
tibetan god of happiness
tui (chinese god)
chinese god of happiness. the joyous trigram, whose direction is west and number, is 7
turan (etruscan god)
goddess of love, health, fertility.  young woman with wings, pigeon, black swan.
ururupuin (micronesian god)
micronesian god of flirting, happiness and playfulness
uzume (japanese god)
japanese god of laughter and merriment
wopeh (lakota god)
lakota god of happiness and pleasure
xochipilli (aztec god)
in aztec mythology, xochipilli ("flower prince") was the god of love, games, beauty, dance, flowers, maize, and song. 
xochiquetzal (aztec goddess)
xochiquetzal (flower-feather) is the goddess of flower and song and goddess of the arts. 
yingxi niang (chinese god)
chinese god of happiness


i'm not an expert, and the internet is not known for 100% accuracy. if you have some information on these gods, a correction, or have a happy god of your own to add to this list then drop me a note: theclyde@happy-gods.com
