





new and used rv dealer in arkansas | moix rv



































 































skip to main content


 








toggle navigation






go



clearance
 locations


















locations






moix rv supercenter

conway, ar





moix rv brinkley

conway, ar





mcgaugh outpost

springdale, ar





hot springs landing

hot springs, ar







home

showroom



new inventory
pre-owned inventory
get a quote
pre-qualify no ssn required
finance
schedule a viewing



sell us your rv / trade-ins

sell us your rv

value your trade



more

about us
meet our staff
locations
parts department
parts request
service department
service appointments
camp moix


employment
event calendar



submit a testimonial

blog
contact us






moix rv: your rv dealer in arkansas

2650 wagon wheel rd.
 springdale, ar 72762
us

phone: 479.751.2174
email: sales@moixrv.com

fax:
			






moix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conwaymoix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conway
moix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conwaymoix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conway
moix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conwaymoix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conway
moix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conwaymoix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conway
moix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conwaymoix rv - new &amp; used rvs, service, and parts with locations in springdale and conway








previous



pause



next











01
inventory
shop new models






02
parts
contact us






03
service
request an appointment






04
financing
apply online






05
camp moix
learn more













fifth wheels

fifth wheels
[shop fifth wheels]







 travel trailers

travel trailers
[shop travel trailers]






toy haulers

toy haulers
[shop toy haulers]







class b motorhome

other
[shop class b motorhome]






class c motorhome

class c
[shop class c gas & diesel]








class a motorhome

class a motorhome
[shop class a motorhome]

















































































the premier rv dealership in arkansas

				imagine you're taking a road trip with your friends across the country to see our nation's greatest sights. now, imagine you're riding in your very own rv with enough room for everyone to spread out comfortably and plenty of bells and whistles to keep everyone entertained and relaxed for the whole trip. moix rv supercenter will make this dream a reality, as we have an extensive inventory for you to browse to find your perfect rv.  
			

				with outstanding customer service, our team will guide you through whatever you might need at our dealership, whether you're purchasing a new or used model or looking for maintenance and repairs for your current one. here are a few more details about all the perks you'll experience when you visit moix rv supercenter, including our service offerings and most exciting inventory selections.
			
about moix rv supercenter

				moix rv supercenter has been serving customers in the rv sphere for more than 40 years. while our dealership started using its current name in 1986, we've been helping people secure their dream rv since 1976. moix rv supercenter set up shop in various settings around conway, arkansas, before finding our home in our current locations, with over 30,000 square feet of building space that houses a 12,000-square-foot repair facility.  
			

				aside from matching you with your ideal recreational vehicle, moix rv supercenter's largest commitment is to outstanding customer satisfaction and top-of-the-line products. when you shop with us, you'll get personalized support throughout your whole visit, including answers to your questions and walkthroughs of specific models in our showroom. we're confident that you'll leave our dealership feeling good about your purchase and excited about
				the adventures to come.
			
inventory showcase

				moix rv supercenter maintains a huge variety of new rv models and certified pre-owned models in a massive range of classes and types. whether you want an expansive class a to bring the whole family on a road trip or a compact class b to take out on solo camping adventures, moix rv supercenter has models that will delight you and meet all your specifications. 
			
we pride ourselves on offering models from all the top brands. here are just a few of the most popular brands you can find at moix rv supercenter:

grand design.
brinkley rv.
jayco rv.
coachmen rv.
bontrager outdoors.
forest river.
keystone rv company.
winnebago.
nucamp.
storyteller overland.
dynamax.

we also keep a variety of rvs from other manufacturers, so visit our dealership today to see our extensive inventory for yourself.  
services offered
in addition to selling rvs, we offer a variety of other services at moix rv supercenter.
maintenance and repairs

				when your rv needs regular maintenance or significant repairs, you should take it to a professional to ensure it's done properly. at the moix rv supercenter service department, you'll receive the best care around, as our expert technicians are all certified by the recreational vehicle industry association. this means they're prepared for any type of service you might be looking for, whether it's a repair after a collision or routine de-winterization to prepare for the spring months. here are a few examples of the maintenance and repair services we offer in our service center:   	
			

rv hydraulic jacks
liquid petroleum systems.
rv appliances.
full-service hitch products. 
rv plumbing systems.
interior and exterior detailing.
rv ac/dc wiring.
rv slide-outs.

customization and parts

				we don't just help with repairs and maintenance at moix rv supercenter. we also provide customization services to beautify and upgrade your vehicle, including the installation of personalized fixtures, appliances, and more. here are a few of the specific installation services we provide for customization purposes:  
			

cabinetry.
flooring.
roof replacement.
refurbishing.


				customization doesn't have to be a complicated process. it can be as simple as purchasing some spiffy new accessories from our parts department. when you buy a new accessory for your rv at moix rv supercenter, you'll get professional installation by an expert technician, so you can be sure your accessory will be ready for immediate use. here are some of the most popular accessories we offer to spruce up and customize your rv:
			

satellites.
lifts.
base plates.
awnings.
generators.
air conditioners.

financing
with our passion for rvs and dedication to exceptional customer service, it's no surprise that moix rv supercenter operates a comprehensive financing department. staffed with experts in rv financing, our team will guide you through each step of your purchase, whether you're buying a new or used model. we'll help you calculate your potential monthly payments, compare quotes from different lenders, and give you the inside scoop on special deals and loans that you won't find anywhere else. we'll even help you apply for financing on the spot so you'll know right away whether you're approved.
			

				a unique benefit of financing your next rv with us is that we offer the chance to build a financing plan that covers everything you're looking for. you can add perks, such as an extended service plan or brand-name parts and accessories, and pay them off with easy monthly payments.
			
trade-ins

				if you already own an rv and want to upgrade your ride, you can trade in your vehicle at moix rv supercenter. we'll help you value your trade to ensure you get a fair deal that you can put toward a brand-new or pre-owned rv from our inventory. all you need to do is give us some information about your vehicle, such as its make, model, and year, and the vehicle you're considering, and we'll take it from there.
			
join the moix rv supercenter family today

				these are just a few of the details that make moix rv supercenter your must-visit destination for all your rv needs. whether you're shopping for a brand-new rv, looking to repair your current vehicle, or browsing for accessories to customize your ride, we'll get you what you need and make the process easy. contact us today using our secure online form to ask any questions you might have about our current inventory, service offerings, or financing options. our team is ready to assist you and get you out on the road in the rv of your dreams. 
			







moix rv: your rv dealer in arkansas
four locations to serve you


+ locations


+ meet the team


+ camp moix















want to get in touch?
have a question?
contact us

















store hours

mon - fri 8:30am - 5:30pm
saturday 9:00am - 4:00pm
sunday closed





mcgaugh outpost

2650 wagon wheel rd.
springdale, ar 72762
479.751.2174
map & hours 
contact us 





facebook
like moix rv: your rv dealer in arkansas on facebook! (opens in new window)





youtube
check out the moix rv: your rv dealer in arkansas youtube channel! (opens in new window)





instagram
follow moix rv: your rv dealer in arkansas on instagram! (opens in new window)





moix rv brinkley

1160 collier dr.
conway, ar 72032
501.273.6069
map & hours 
contact us 





facebook
like moix rv brinkley on facebook! (opens in new window)





youtube
check out the moix rv brinkley youtube channel! (opens in new window)





instagram
follow moix rv brinkley on instagram! (opens in new window)








						moix rv supercenter
					

1213 collier drive
conway, ar 72032
501.327.2255
map & hours 
contact us 





facebook
like moix rv supercenter on facebook! (opens in new window)





youtube
check out the moix rv supercenter youtube channel! (opens in new window)





instagram
follow moix rv supercenter on instagram! (opens in new window)





twitter
follow moix rv supercenter on twitter! (opens in new window)





hot springs landing

2621 e grand ave
hot springs, ar 71901
501.427.2267 
map & hours 
contact us 





facebook
like hot springs landing on facebook! (opens in new window)





youtube
check out the hot springs landing youtube channel! (opens in new window)





instagram
follow hot springs landing on instagram! (opens in new window)





dealer links


new models
pre-owned
service dept.
parts dept.


sell us your rv
trade-ins
financing
about us








policy
privacy
terms


accessibility
site map



copyright© 2025 dealer spike 
all rights reserved




opens in new window


























