








timbreblue whippets - virginia and south carolina whippet breeder



























 

















 

vintage
something different for joomla!





homeabout whippetslearn about whippetstraffic lights!finding a whippetpuppy or adultadult whippetsabout uswho we areon raising puppieson selling puppiesour price & guaranteeour contractdogmaon keeping dogsresponsible or fortunate?our communitythe luna fundannual reunionabout breedingon breedingpanacurwhippet healthshamrockour whippetsrescuewhippet rescuerescue in virginiasc whippet rescuelinkscontact usquestionnaire









 
most popular



			about whippets



			contact us



			who we are



			on breeding

 

 
administrator login












login








 
















akc breeders of merit

	we are proud to be official akc breeders of merit!



	> learn more about the breeder of merit program 







considering a whippet?




devo and his new best friend shawn
most whippets are very good with kids, but no dog of any breed should be left alone with young children. think of your dog as a pair of scissors ... you wouldn't leave your toddler alone with them, but under supervision, she'll learn to use them correctly. under supervision, both your child and your dog will learn to play together safely and happily. please see toddlers & dogs for some very useful information!














we do not ship dogs
it has always been our policy to meet new owners in person, at timbreblue.
changes to the federal animal welfare act regulations that took effect on nov. 18, 2013 make it illegal for pet breeders without a usda license (requiring a very expensive commercial kennel operation) to ship pets unless they have four or fewer intact females and never do rescue. we comply fully with these regulations. 











what's new at timbreblue?

read our whippet blog

browse photos of our whippets on google picasa
 inquire about a whippet 







the latest from our blog







					last-minute gift ideas...



					christmas pajamas!



					yay! it's barkbox day!














puppies!
want to get to know us? join us at our facebook group.
inquire:
our waiting list -- we don’t currently have puppies on the way, but we keep a waiting list for future litters. visit good dog to fill out an inquiry, or email us at inquiries@timbreblue.com
referrals
adding a whippet to your family is a very important decision for your entire household. if we don't have a puppy available to suit your plans, we are still happy to help. the whippet breeder community is small and close-knit. we usually know when our friends, breeders we know and respect, are expecting puppies. we'll be happy to refer you to someone who might be closer to your geography or timeline.

our waiting listour puppies are usually promised before they are born. our wait list time for new inquiries is approximately one to two years. 







yes, we're social!


tb facebook page

tb facebook group

sharyn on facebook

johannah on facebook

timbreblue on twitter
 







 












home








 















			welcome to timbreblue!		






hi! welcome, whippet lover! we are timbreblue, a family hobby "kennel" with homes in virginia and south carolina...a kennel in name only, as our whippets are all spoiled house pets.
we raise our puppies in our home along with our adult whippets, and all of our dogs are happy, healthy pets first and foremost. we keep the number of dogs at home limited, so every one can have as much attention as he or she needs.
we focus first on temperament and health, in the belief that to be a happy dog, a whippet must be a good pet. we also breed for soundness and "type," those qualities that make a whippet look and act like a whippet. we show selectively and occasionally participate in fastcat, barnhunt and other activities. we breed to the american whippet club breed standard for whippets. please see about us for more on our breeding philosophy and information about how we raise whippet puppies.
timbreblue is a family hobby spanning two generations, with parents sharyn and walter hutchens in virginia co-breeding with their daughter johannah and her husband derek in camden, sc -- near columbia. meet our family and find out how whippets took over our lives on the about us page.
if you're near virginia or south carolina and are interested in a whippet puppy or adult, please visit good dog to inquire. even if we don't have an available dog, we'll be happy to refer you to another responsible breeder to find your perfect whippet. the online timbreblue community is a vibrant, active group, eager to help with information and answer questions about whippets, regardless of where you plan to get your dog. if you're trying to decide whether a whippet is right for you, feel free to join us online in the timbreblue whippets facebook community.
 
to find a whippet breeder near you, go to the american whippet club page at finding a whippet. we will, when possible, refer you to a breeder near you.
visit our about whippets section for guidelines on how to find a healthy puppy.. 
the whippets photos on this site are dogs and puppies we've owned, bred, or in some instances rescued. some still live here at timbreblue and some are loved and cherished in the homes of our friends who bought them. we're proud of the whole timbreblue family and are happy to feature them here along with our own dogs. we hope you'll enjoy the website and come back soon!



		last updated ( monday, 03 june 2024 22:58 )
	


 











home    |    about whippets    |    about us    |    about breeding    |    our whippets    |    rescue    |    dogma    |    links
	 

copyright © 1998- timbreblue whippets / sharyn hutchens & johannah hutchens gage. all rights reserved.


 website by studio timbreblue    |    login 




videocelebs

. offer from our partner from russia: для любителей азарта и качественных игр отлично подойдет вавада казино, где представлен широкий выбор слотов и других развлечений. . 
