

































































missoulian | breaking news | | read missoula, mt and montana breaking news. get latest news, events and information on montana sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















23°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



business



education



crime



nation & world



406 politics



state



wildfires



history



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


columnists



cartoon



editorial



letters 



submit a letter




sports


high school



college



montana grizzlies



montana state university



professional



betting




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



music



movies & tv



books



comics



games



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



pets



faith



travel



people



announcements



hometowns



outdoors



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



advertising info



mobile apps


weather: live radar


gift subscriptions






facebook





twitter





youtube








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









23°
snow
























        
        
            big sky documentary film festival highlights for sunday

brand-new features about pee-wee herman, theft rings at disney world and more are screening in downtown missoula this weekend.

















        
        
            griz take control of destiny in big sky, come from behind to beat weber state

the griz won their eighth straight game on saturday night over the weber state wildcats.

















        
        
            despite spirited comeback, montana women's basketball drops third-straight game at weber state

the montana women's basketball team had a spirited comeback fall just short saturday in a loss at weber state.

















        
        
            big sky documentary film festival highlights for saturday, feb. 15

nine feature films and three shorts blocks kick off the first full day of the festival.

















        
        
            big sky documentary film fest: disney thieves, folk art and talk radio

as the festival starts off its 22nd year, you can dive into movies about thieves at disney, a yellowstone public radio call-in show and folk art on a california mountainside.

















        
        
            gianforte office controls an unrestricted interest fund worth $86 million, and counting

some of the money went toward the senate's judicial oversight committee. other funding went toward a state-funded building purchase, property tax rebate mailers and national guard recruiting efforts.

















        
        
            university of montana unenrolls 740 students for unpaid bills; majority now reinstated

um spokesperson dave kuntz said the cause for the hard cutoff was not because of widespread financial aid issues, but rather to streamline the university's administrative enrollment count.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                recommended for you




















        
        
            missoula businessman admits stealing $800k from marijuana companies


















        
        
            trump reportedly fires roughly 360 u.s. forest service workers in montana


















        
        
            university of montana unenrolls 740 students for unpaid bills; majority now reinstated















                
                the latest



















        
        
            missoula and western montana neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in missoulian. 




















        
        
            montana senate kills bill to require ten commandments in every public school classroom

a lindsay republican's bill that sought to require the ten commandments be posted in every public school classroom in montana was shot down saturday in a 24-26 senate vote.












        
        
            winter weather advisory for the missoula area for sunday and monday

on saturday at 1:19 p.m. a winter weather advisory was issued by the national weather service valid from sunday 2 a.m. until monday 2 p.m. for the missoula area. 












        
        
            the missoula area under a winter storm watch monday and tuesday – up to 10 inches of snow

the national weather service issued a winter storm watch at 1:19 p.m. on saturday valid from monday 2 p.m. until tuesday 9 a.m. for the missoula area. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 




















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            2025 billings west wrestling montana state championship round highlights




















        
        
            highlights: 2025 montana girls wrestling state champions




















        
        
            2025 mhsa state all-class wrestling tournament parade of finalists




















        
        
            billings west's zach morse becomes a 4-time montana state wrestling champion












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            montana state bobcats indoor track and field breaks three records over 'memorable weekend'

"after i was done competing, i broke down when hugging my parents because i felt this weight lift off of me." colby wilson, who broke his own pole vault record





















        
        
            photos: state swimming finals

photos from the finals races of the montana high school state swim meet feb. 15, 2025 in great falls. 




















        
        
            full court press: montana high school basketball highlights (feb. 15)

highlights and high scorers from high school basketball games around montana.





















        
        
            2025 billings west wrestling montana state championship round highlights

in addition to morse, six other golden bears wrestlers won state championships on saturday night at the metra. 













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?




















        
        
            movie review: 'heart eyes' tries for laughs but ...

franchise first, concept second. that’s the thinking behind “heart eyes.”




















        
        
            goodyear blimp at 100: from ronald reagan to ice cube, 'floating piece of americana' still thriving

at 100 years old, the goodyear blimp is an ageless star in the sky. 

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












provided








        
        
            what do i need to study for a master of social work in australia?

provided content. finding out what qualifications and experience you may need to study for a master’s of social work in australia can be tricky, with many places online offering different information. 












contributor








        
        
            12 effective new year resolutions for businesses

contributor content. by diligently implementing these resolutions and measuring progress along the way, businesses can develop a roadmap for success, foster a culture of excellence, and propel your organization to greater heights in the year ahead.












provided








        
        
            6 tips when choosing budget baby products

provided content. learn tips on finding the best baby products while on a budget. 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            bios life



                                        805 howard, missoula, mt 59804
                                    






















        
        
            balanced chiropractic



                                        780 lola street, helena, mt 59601
                                    






















        
        
            powers auto wholesale



                                        3700 grant creek road, missoula, mt 59808
                                    





































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube









sites & partners


ravalli republic

missoula.com

auto finder

newcomers

special sections

get healthy




services


contact us

e-edition

subscribe

work here

dealer returns

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        missoulian, p.o. box 8029 missoula, mt 59807-8029
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























