
      southwest missouri bank | we want to be your bank!
      





















 homeskip to main contentskip to footerdownload acrobat reader 5.0 or higher to view .pdf files. close alert  
      southwest missouri bank | we want to be your bank!
    fdic-insured - backed by the full faith and credit of the u.s. government menuclose 

home

personal banking


personal banking services

checking

savings

personal loans

home loans

smb rewards

lifestyles banking

moola moola savings for kids

personal banking faqs



business banking


business banking services

checking and savings

business loans

electronic banking

business banking faqs



loans


home loans

personal loans

business loans

credit card

make a loan payment



online banking


online & mobile banking

business banking online

online security



trust services

investment services

about us


contact us

about us

customer service

branch locations

atm locations

our story

community involvement

the smb blog

community rooms



careers

get our mobile app

secure file upload

log in to smb online

 contact call usmessage usvisit ussecure file uploadget prequalified personal loanhome loanlogin username new user can't log in learn moremake a loan paymentsouthwest missouri bank  close searchwhat can we help you find?enter search terms  start site searchpopular topics

how do i apply for a home loan?

what are the current cd and deposit rates? 

what is my routing and account number?

southwest missouri bank   get the financing you need.
we're here to help!

explore financing options    business banking
let's bring your vision to life.
how can we help?    ready to make a move?
let's get you home.

home loans    
banking
for your whole family
personal banking
    set your plans in motion.
we can help.

explore loan options    business banking
local people. local decisions.

business banking options     tax season scams: how to protect yourself
the good news… you could have a tax refund on the way. the bad news… there are cyber criminals out there who want to steal your money and/or your identity. we want to help you keep your money and identity safe and secure. read our blog for common tax scams and ways to protect yourself.

read blog    personal loans that work for you
we offer competitive rates, flexible terms, and the best customer service you'll find. stop in to see one of our friendly lenders or get prequalified online. here at smb, we make banking and borrowing easy.
get prequalified contact a lender    bank your way. anytime. anywhere.
we have the perfect account for you. whether you are looking for banking options for the whole family or a checking account for your business, look no further!
personal banking business banking   "love working with smb personally and for business."  carolyn c.  "absolutely the only place to bank."  sara r.  "smb has always been there when i needed help."  ellen b.  "we have gotten all of our home and auto loans here for almost 20 years!"  george g.  "smb has always been there when i needed help."  ellen b.  "i chose smb for my home loan. they’ve taken care of me for everything else, so why would i go anywhere different?"  ashley g.  the absolute best customer service every time, so polite and happy to help, never a phone wait and they're local. also the app is nearly flawless. been with smb 3 1/2 years and i've got no plans to switch. thanks smb!  chris n.  "smb has always been there when i needed help."  ellen b.  opened my business over 10 years ago with the help of smb! they still take great care of me.  pamela l.  this is our bank. they're part of our family!  steve w.  "the bank i've used for twenty years and i can't imagine a bank that could be better."  philip w.  "best bank in the area. love smb."  karina w.  "we have been banking with smb for over 25 years. checking, savings, and loans, they are the best ever. we will always bank with smb."  donna m.  "the best bank there is. will never go anywhere else. you rock smb."  nancy t.  "i moved away from the joplin area and smb is still our bank!"  karoline r.  "love our home town bank and the service they provide!"  barbara e.  "my first & only bank!"  emily g.  "best bank, hands down!!"  kim j.  "local, friendly, and always great customer service!"  allison s.  "smb customer service is amazing!"  lisha m. play testimonial slider pause testimonial sliderbanking on the go

online banking

mobile banking

business banking online

join usthinking about a career in banking? smb could be the place for you!

career opportunities

social media

facebook

youtube

linkedin

instagram

other resources

smb rewards

deposit rates

home loan rates

calculators

privacy policy

credit card login

free credit report

en espanol

member fdic | equal housing lender ©  southwest missouri bank800.943.8488 

   



