ï»¿



hotel ai do mori venice san marco italy



























































where we are
the hotel
rooms
reach us
the apartments
recommended by
contacts






















...just a few steps from san marco square!
                                











where we are
"stay in venice city center on a budget"





                        hotel "ai do mori" is located right at the center of san marco square (10 meters) and in less than five minutes you can walk to the rialto bridge. it is a small charming hotel incredibly set in the real heart of venice.
                        every morning you can decide to walk all over the city, to visit all the most beautiful churches and galleries but in the end you jump back in your rooms breathing the air of san marco...
                        three floors (with no lift) with renovated rooms, we welcome our guests in a familiar and friendly atmosphere.
                        our staff is ready to give you the best tips to discovery venezia like a local
                    











venice hotel ai domori
the hotel

                                the hotel ai do mori has 11 rooms from budget to superior.
                                it is an ideal place for a young couple, family, and friends who love to stay in the city center and travel with light luggage.
                                3 floors (with no elevator). the breakfast is not available.
                                wi-fi, air conditioning, and comfy bed are available.
                                live venice like a local with our tips
                            









our rooms




all
economy
standard
family
superior
triple










economy room

















economy room

















economy room

















economy room

















standard room

















standard room

















standard room

















standard room

















family room

















family room

















family room

















family room

















superior room

















superior room

















superior room

















superior room

















superior room

















triple room

















triple room

















triple room

















how to reach us




train station "santa lucia" and bus terminal "piazzale roma"


                                "vaporetto" line 1 (or line "n"=nightline) and get off at san marco stop.
                                iine summertime from march to october also faster line nâ°2 to san marco stop.
                                timetables: actv.it



marco polo venice airport


                                private line "alilaguna boat" always connected with flights, it costs 15,00 euros per person,baggage included,through the lagoon by boat to san marco giardinetti stop.
                                timetables: alilaguna.it



cruise terminal "stazione marittima"


                                private line" alilaguna boat" line blue, you arrive directly to san marco stop, it costs about 8.00 euros per person, baggage included.
                                timetables: alilaguna.it (stazione marittima/san marco stop)

                            


treviso airport "antonio canova"


                                from treviso airport to bus terminal "piazzale roma" (venice) there is a bus connected always with the flights,it costs about 6,00 euros for each person, baggage included.
                                timetables: atvo.it (stazione marittima/san marco stop)

                            













mansardina san marco

                                    the modern apartment with attic "mansardina san marco" is located right in the heart of the san marco district, in venice - in calle delle schiavine, 4378. st mark's square and the rialto bridge can be reached in just 5 minutes by walking. the location of the apartment allows you to reach all points of interest and stops of public transport.
                                

                                    the apartment - air-conditioned, with sloping ceilings and parquet floors - offers a living area with a table, a comfortable sofa and a television; a fully equipped kitchenette; a private bathroom with shower and a loft bedroom. free wi-fi is also available.
                                













































                                    please note that the apartment is on the 3rd floor and there is no elevator; the stairs are also very very steep. it is therefore advisable not to carry suitcases that are too bulky or excessively heavy.
                                    pay attention:

kids under 12 years old are not allowed for security reasons.
no animals.
the city tax is to add to the final price, 3â‚¬ pro night pro person
the cleaning cost is 50 euros per stay
the apartment is not located in the same building as hotel ai do mori












"miracoli" apartment

                                    relax in this peaceful venetian-style space located in a central location away from mass tourism.
                                

                                    the "miracoli" apartment is located right in the heart of the city in the cannaregio district - in calle maggioni, 6004. san marco square and the rialto bridge can be reached in just 5 minutes on foot. strategic position to reach all points of interest in the city - well connected by public transport
                                

                                    inside there is a beautiful romantic private terrace where you can enjoy some silence and sun
                                

                                    the air-conditioned apartment offers a living area with a table, a comfortable sofa and a fully equipped kitchenette; a private bathroom with shower, washing machine and towels; a romantic bedroom reachable by a small flight of stairs with television and large wardrobe. furthermore, free wi-fi is available.
                                

                                    the professional staff native to venice speaks your language and is always available before, during and after your stay
                                

                                    please note that the apartment is located on the 1st floor and there is no lift; it is therefore advisable not to transport suitcases that are too bulky or excessively heavy.
                                

                                    it is possible to organize a self check in in case of arrival outside the indicated times
                                


































































                                    please note:
                                    


                                            children under 12 years old are not permitted for safety reasons.
                                        

                                            pets are not allowed.
                                        

                                            the price does not include the tourist tax of â‚¬3 per person per night
                                        

                                            the cleaning cost is â‚¬50 per stay
                                        

                                            the apartment is not located in the same building as hotel ai do mori
                                        













recommended by




























































our contacts





address

                                calle larga san marco 658
                                30124 venezia
                            



telephone

call: +39 041-5204817

                            



email

reception@hotelaidomori.com


















                        ai domori srl
                        san marco 658
                        30124 venezia
p.iva it04642090270



















privacy policy



































