

happy tails rescue association is a rottweiler rescue & sanctuary, dedicated to the rescue & rehoming of rottweilers to exceptional families









 
happy tailsrescue association
a 501(c)(3)non-profit organization
"dedicated to the rescue and rehoming of rottweilers"






1979 porsche 928 donated to happy tails
by well known portland attorney.
donations main page
>
happy tails spa          pet herbs direct          
natural wonder products
bodacious pet stuff          dog collar boutique

become raw food world affiliate
march 11, 2011 fukushima changed the lives of everyone living in north america.
in spite of what the media and other talking heads are saying  low levels of radiation  over a long period of time are very harmful.
50 plus natural remedies for radiation fallout protection  clearly outlines in detail what my favorite natural solutions are and why i comsider them to be vital for my health.
happy tails is also providing daily thyroid protection for all animals and daily detox in their water.
it's easy, inexpensive and offers them protection from radioactive isotopes, detoxification of parasites and gives them
60+ minerals that every body needs.
what are you doing for your animals since fukushima?
this is a convenient means to carry this important report with you if you're considering doing some of the same things that we are.
immediate downloads for:  kindle, ipad, iphone, pc, mac, blackberry, and android phones.
2013 goldendale mile marker 28 fire video
2011 goldendale monastery fire video

note that the wooden grave crosses did not burn.
here are photos taken of happy tails delivering food and of the evacuation center.

          
          

                  




















   donate online
happy tails rescue home
 adoptable rotties
bodacious pet stuff
natural farmacy
happy tails blog
natural health blog
newsletters
personalize rotti (all breeds too) gifts



your purchases help support happy tails, they save you gas & time too!  doesn't your dog need something?
adoption
					application and owner surrender agreement
best friends forever
bite
					prevention
bodacious pet stuff
book store
dna my dog
dog bakery
dog books
dog wedding attire
drean catcher
email us!
german
					or american?
grassland beef
happy tails book store
happy tails dog store
happytails spa
healthy dog snacks
hemp and coconut oil
health information
healthy animals
how can you help?
jake's dog house
lick monsters
mission statement
our story
petsumer report
probiotics
rainbow bridge
rotti sports
sojourner farms
success stories
team
					rottweiler
temperament testing
vaccinations?
what's for dinner?
why rescue?
donations main page
best friends forever donations
car donations
cash donations
monthly donations
pre planned donations
workplace or matching donations
tell
				a friend about us!
contact us & questionnaire
join our mailing list!







we
					participate in the rewarding experience of rescue, adoption
					networking & rehoming spayed & neutered rottweilers of
					all temperaments, personalities, sizes, shapes, energies, &
					of all ages. this gentle breed is getting an undeserved poor
					reputation because of a few careless, misguided owners, who
					through neglect, greed, abuse or poor and improper treatment
					teach these powerful dogs unacceptable behaviour. with proper
					care, a strong mind and gentle treatment the rottweiler is one
					of the finest companion animals available; gentle, playful,
					protective, intelligent and loyal to the last breath. 

they
					can be wonderful with the entire family and even make tender
					baby sitters if your toddler doesn't mind wet rotti kisses!  
					rotties learn to enjoy other animal friends both big and small,
					but everything requires training, adjustment and an investment
					of your time and energies.    rottweilers were never intended to be
					the most popular dog in the united states, thankfully they've
					moved down considerably.   they are large, powerful, playful and
					can injure someone quite by accident or intention.  people sadly
					mistake some of the more boisterous behavior or barking as
					aggression, when normally it's just enthusiasm.  rottweilers are
					very much oriented towards humans and will suffer if not
					included in family activities.   they are not a dog to be tied up
					and ignored in the back yard, that is cruel for any animal.  



					            
					

by
					nature and breed standard the rottweiler is somewhat aloof
					initially, may not welcome overly familiar advances from
					strangers and may exhibit warning growls if handled improperly.  
					this is normal and we consider it unrealistic to expect anything
					different.    dogs are dogs and they often behave like dogs.    when you first meet a new animal if you treat him
					with the same respect & distance that you would a human
					stranger you will go far in more quickly winning that animals
					interest & trust.   on the other hand it's unacceptable to be
					overly familiar, touchy, huggy or exhibit any of the other
					ludicrous behaviors included among many temperament tests.

					naturally, it's crucial to be reasonably certain whether a
					particular rottweiler is going to blend with your family,
					environment, circumstances & expectations.  that's part of
					our adoption process, to responsibly match you with the most
					appropriate rottweiler for your particular environment,
					considering your energy level, how much time you have available, your personality, family activities, other animals and
					many factors......at times there may be several
					rottweilers that would blend with your circumstances, other
					times we may not have a suitable rott for you.  our primary
					commitment, obligation and duty is to find each rottweiler his
					exceptional home, our secondary rewards are the happy humans who
					love them, spoil them and share their stories & photos with us.
            
					
					




depending
					on the individual dog and owner, ample opportunities exist to
					explore many exciting activities, such as tracking, herding,
					carting, schutzhund or agility, where these athletic dogs excel.
					rotties make excellent professional search and rescue workers,
					have natural herding instincts, hold world cart pulling records
					and are compassionate, intuitive and obedient therapy dogs.   if
					you can think of it, your rotti can learn it and enjoy many
					other sports and hobbies.  be prepared for an animal that may
					rival if not surpass your intelligence & creativity...and
					that's not an insult!   it's a challenge that you must be prepared
					to meet if you want to welcome a rotti into your family.
these
					dogs are bright, eager, goofy with sharp minds and are willing
					to learn and enjoy having a job to do, even if their job just
					means loving you.  all rottweilers are black & various
					shades of mahogany or brown and the similarities end there.  if
					there was ever an individualistic animal, it is the rottweiler.
					they are slightly stubborn, can develop  "selective"  hearing
					and are, at other times,  quite capable of making you the focus of their
					attention.    if there is a squirrel that needs chasing, don't expect your rotti to have 100% perfect recall, you
					will be acknowledged and then put on his  "to do"  list...when he's finished chasing that scent, he'll come trotting back to you.  
					some rotts are at the extreme energy range and go go go,
					others just long to take a nap on the couch and have you bring
					them a cookie on your way by.....all of them are mouthers,
					kissers, cuddlers, talkers, and with very sensitive temperaments
					& sweet dispositions with feelings that can be easily
					damaged.  some like playing with a ball or other doggy things,
					while others consider that mundane and unworthy of their
					pursuits.  we are not being anthropomorphic....we have learned
					amazing things from these wonderful creatures.  we are all related and connected by that same web.

adopting
					your life long companion and faithful friend, is a wonderful
					opportunity and something you can feel good about supporting.  in
					multi million dollar  "shelter"  facilities, built and supported with your
					donations thousands of rottweilers are slaughtered in every state.     washington state  "shelters" generally slaughter
					around 2,000 rottweilers yearly. the human society admits to
					killing between six & nine million companion animals
					annually, nationwide.   those numbers represent only  "adoptable"  animals
					( most profitable ), not factoring in unadoptable  ( too old, too
					fat,  "aggressive"  those with medical needs, not cute enough etc).    if every animal that was killed
					in a shelter were counted as "adoptable" those numberswould explode dramatically.
 we have become a nation that kills that which it considers surplus or
					inconvenient.    many of these slaughtered animals including all
					the drugs used to kill them are sold to renderers by the pound, where they are worth more dead than alive.
					on kill days, many of the shelters have the usda meat inspector
					stroll the aisles, estimating the health of the animals about to
					be massacred.   don't you ever wonder what happens to the millions and millions of executed animals?    
					many of these killed animals are sold to renderers and end up classified by the usda
					as  "meat by products"  that may end up in inexpensive commercial dog
					foods.  is it any wonder why our animals are dying younger and
					younger of cancer & other diseases?  please consider this
					before y ou choose to surrender your animal or turn him into a
					shelter.   the odds of him surviving are not as good as they would
					have you believe.  some shelters work diligently with rescue groups to save as
					many lives as possible, and we applaud their hard work, many others are little more than publically financed, highly profitable
					extermination centers.  often the ones with the most money and the ones you're least likely to suspect are the ones with cooked books on their kill rates and do everything possible to alienate rescues.  some even
					go so far to proclaim themselves virtually "no kill".....just remember how they arrive at those manipulated numbers. 

our
					adoption and rehoming process is something we take very
					seriously and is not a process to be rushed, nor are there short
					cuts to selecting a life long companion that blends with your
					lifestyle and environment.  we're selective, discriminating and
					are looking for exceptional homes.. please consider your choices
					carefully and realistically.  we require an adoption application
					(link to the left )  with a letter of reference from your vet, a
					home and fence photos and check and completion of our adoption contract with a
					liquidated damage clause.  donations are considered gifts and
					vary according to your ability, the minimum adoption donation is
					in the $200 range.  your generosity is appreciated.
we hope you enjoy your visit
					and our site! 



            
               
            

            




see other gifts available on zazzle.


>




happy tails neither breeds, boards nor sells rottweilers and is not classified as a kennel, but
					rather as a private charitable rescue sanctuary shelter.  your donations to happy tails rescue are considered gifts and are not for value received.  all of the
					rotties are homed with us, rehabilitated, fed, loved and nourished back to good physical, mental & spriritual health so that they may become ready for their
					exceptional new homes.  about half of the rottweilers that come to us will remain in our sanctuary. 
adoptions are by appointment only and after you've been approved for adoption.  for protection of the rottweilers, our sanity and in order to minimize stressful or territorial reactions, all
					adoption appointments & surrenders are done at our office, 	or other neutral territory.  your other indoor dogs are  invited to attend & participate in the selection of your new family member!
					unannounced visitors are not appreciated and will not be accommodated.

the rottweilers under our care are here because a human has somehow failed them in the past.  we're not interested in  "getting rid"  of these wonderful animals, our commitment to them is to attract a home that we feel best meets the
needs of each individual dog.  using the information provided, our goal is to suggest which rotts could be potentially good blends with your lifestyle, energy, time, personalities and other animals.  it could be that there are several suitable dogs and other times
there may not be any that we feel would be appropriate.







 


goodsearch | goodshop





                                raise money for happy tails rescue association

                                just by searching the web and shopping online!
                            









(choose a merchant)
                                            
coupons & deals
aeropostale coupons
b&h photo coupons
body shop coupons
bon ton coupons
cellular factory coupons
chico's coupons
children's place coupons
express coupons
famous footwear coupons
gamestop coupons
jcpenney coupons
jos. a. bank coupons
laura ashley coupons
madewell coupons
priceline coupons
rooms to go coupons
scentiments coupons
see's candies coupons
sephora coupons
victoria's secret coupons







 add to your site



 get our toolbar!







what if happy tails rescue earned a penny every time you searched the internet?  or how about if a percentage of every purchase you made with 2,400 top stores online went to support this worthy cause?  well, now it can! 
   goodsearch.com   is a fast growing yahoo-powered search engine that donates half its advertising revenue, about a penny per search, to the charities its users designate.

use it just as you would any search engine, get quality search results from yahoo, without the built in biases of other search engines and watch how the donations really add up! 
  goodshop.com   also offers a new online shopping mall which donates up to 37 percent of each purchase to your favorite cause!  thousands of great stores including amazon, target, gap, best buy, ebay, macy's and barnes & noble have teamed up with goodshop and every time you place an order, you'll be supporting your favorite cause.
since it doesn't cost you anything and you get proven search results, there's no reason not to use it!
we hope you'll not only use goodsearch as your main search engine from now on, but will also tell your friends, family and co-workers so they, too, can start using goodsearch to support their favorite cause!   every little bit really does add up and can make a big difference for happy tails rescue and the animals it supports.  why wouldn't you do it?

help support happy tails rescue every time you shop until you drop at your favorite retailers.

happy tails newsletter will be offering exciting training tips, educational, natural health information and specials on our wildcrafted & natural farmacy collections, formulated for mutts & men, nags & hags, fillies & friends & ewe too!      experience the fragrant botanical and gentle herbal tinctures, body butters, essential oils, salves, coat spritzes, bio magnetics and more, all with zero harsh toxins and synthetic ingredients.
find out what your dog might really be saying to you?   can he trust and believe your body language?   if you were a dog, would you pass a  "temperament test' ?   does your dog respect you or treat you more like a chew toy?   can you really share your mango orange extreme body butter with your pooch?   will be share  ( or resource guard )  his yuppy puppy coat spritz with you?
in order to receive  our unconventional, wild & untamed newsletters, we need to hear from you.
would you mind confirming your subscription?
happy tails until we meet again!
sign up for free happy tails newsletter!
click on this handsome rott and he'll deliver your email to us!
















    custom search
  

happy tails rescue
					association
 ~ a 501 ( c) (3) non profit organization
goldendale, wa
					98620




enter your name:


enter your email:




























