


















supply chain brain - supply chain news, analysis, videos, podcasts | supplychainbrain




















advertisecontact ussupplier directoryscb youtubeabout us





login


subscribe


logout


my profile



 




 















labellogisticsair cargoall logisticsfacility location planningfreight forwarding/customs brokerageglobal gatewaysglobal logisticslast mile deliverylogistics outsourcingltl/truckload servicesocean transportationparcel & expressrail & intermodalreverse logisticsservice parts managementtransportation & distributiontechnologyall technologyartificial intelligencecloud & on-demand systemsdata management (big data/iot/blockchain)erp & enterprise systemsforecasting & demand planningglobal trade managementinventory planning/ optimizationproduct lifecycle managementroboticssales & operations planningsc finance & revenue managementsc planning & optimizationsupply chain visibilitytransportation managementgeneral scm business strategy alignmentcustomer relationship managementeducation & professional developmentglobal supply chain managementglobal trade & economicsgreen energyhr & labor managementquality & metricsregulation & compliancesourcing/procurement/srmsc security & risk mgmtsupply chains in crisissustainability & corporate social responsibilitywarehousingall warehouse servicesconveyors & sortationlift trucks & agvsorder management & fulfillmentpackagingrfid, barcode, mobility & voicewarehouse automationwarehouse management systemsindustriesaerospace & defenseapparelautomotivechemicals & energyconsumer packaged goodse-commerce/omni-channelfood & beveragehealthcarehigh-tech/electronicsindustrial manufacturingpharmaceutical/biotechretailthink tankwebinars on-demand webinars upcoming webinarswebinar librarypodcastswhitepapersvideos


trump’s latest tariff plan threatens u.k. with $20b hitglobal trade & economicschancellor rachel reeves is already trying to revive a stagnating u.k. economy while meeting her own rule that government spending must be paid for out of tax revenues.



reports of u.k. foreign farm worker abuse increasehr & labor managementcampaigners now want a review of the seasonal agricultural worker scheme and of any exploitation risks it presents.


ila sets date for members to vote on new contractglobal gatewaysthe benefits outlined in the deal will apply retroactively going back to october 2024, and will remain in effect through september 2030.





the supplychainbrain podcastpodcast | time for a new industrial policy for the united states? part 2global supply chain management


boeing ceo summoned to d.c. for ‘full accounting’ on safetybusiness strategy alignment


u.s. truckers under pressure: stress, speeding and safety concernsltl/truckload services


tariffs would ‘blow a hole’ in u.s. auto industry, says ford ceoglobal trade & economics


 

  featured videos





supply chain thought leaderswatch: navigating the federal funding freeze for transportation projectslogistics


supply chain thought leaderswatch: a look at the trump trade agendaglobal trade & economics


who's coming to rila's link 2025?global supply chain management


watch: rila's link 2025: a previewglobal supply chain management


supply chain thought leaderswatch: new administration’s impact on business and the supply chainglobal trade & economics


sponsoredwatch: princess auto embraces automated demand planning and replenishmentforecasting & demand planning



feature stories

scb featureu.s. faces de minimis dilemma as supply chains brace for impactending de minimis requirements altogether could mean more paperwork, longer processing times, and higher costs for everyone from shippers to consumers.


scb featuretrump tariff uncertainty puts businesses in a bindsome argue that trump is simply using threats of injurious trade penalties in order to win smaller, different concessions. others see a far more dramatic agenda at play.


scb featureu.s. pharma companies weigh a shift to north america — and possibly the u.s. — for drug productioncan the u.s. pharmaceutical supply chain come home — or, at least, get closer to it?


scb featurethe fight for control of the panama canalalthough trump has repeatedly said he wants the u.s. to retake the panama canal, his actual goals could fall well short of that. 

read more

think tank

think tankdesign thinking: the missing link in data-driven supply chainsfor supply chain leaders, design thinking is more than a methodology; it’s a strategic tool. 


the retail playbook for expansion into emerging economiessetting up operations in a new country involves overcoming regulatory complexities, ensuring compliance with local laws, and tailoring strategies to unique cultural landscapes.


think tanktackling the complexities of contract lifecycle management for better supplier relationshipswhat’s needed to help turn contracts into strategic assets is contract lifecycle management. 


think tanktariffs: their unintended consequences, and how to respondtariffs can be a powerful and effective tool for a large economy. but they can also come with costs and unpredictable consequences.

more in think tank

technology

ltl/truckload servicesvolvo tags waabi to develop ai system for autonomous semi-truckswaabi's ai-powered system is designed to allow vehicles to adapt to a variety of different driving conditions and scenarios on roads. 


artificial intelligenceoracle launches ai software for supply chain management platformthe ai system can provide insights into best practice operating procedures for procurement advisors, as well as data on product forecasts for suppliers. 


air cargocase studytriventure logistics growth: built on wms innovation   every stage of a healthcare product shipment, from the manufacturer to the supplier to the dock of the hospital, must be in a format that the hospital can work with.


technologyfood & beveragefsma rule 204: a new era in food supply chainsovercoming data sharing and collaboration silos to achieve the visibility needed to comply with new regulations means
opportunities to improve food safety.


global logisticsartificial intelligencepredicting the future: ai and inventory controlprocess ai solutions will transform spare parts demand forecasting, in addition to supply chain management.


more in technology

logistics

logisticsspecial reportfive reasons to choose a managed transportation strategyshippers with complex needs and tight budgets are outsourcing more of their freight to managed transportation providers.



freight forwarding/customs brokeragespecial report navigating five complexities of mexico-u.s. cross-border logisticswhile mexico is quickly becoming an important destination for offshore manufacturing, transporting goods across the border still presents a unique set of challenges.


logistics
one and lx pantos announce u.s. intermodal joint-venturethe partnership will deploy both companies’ partnerships with rail carriers and trucking companies to provide efficient and timely delivery of cargo in the u.s.



business strategy alignmentretailhow retailers are adapting to a savvy consumermany consumer habits are returning to some semblance of normal as the economy recovers. but consumers aren’t adopting old habits with the same elasticity.



business strategy alignmentlaborbuilding a workforce for 2025: strategies for light industrial successbusinesses are feeling the pressure to tackle two big challenges: filling labor gaps and keeping pace with rapid innovation.

more in logistics

podcasts

february 14, 2025global supply chain managementby robert j. bowman, supplychainbrainthe supplychainbrain podcastpodcast | time for a new industrial policy for the united states? part 2what kind of industrial policy should the u.s. adopt in the post-free trade era? second of a two-part discussion.


february 7, 2025global supply chain managementby robert j. bowman, supplychainbrainthe supplychainbrain podcastpodcast | time for a new industrial policy for the united states? part 1is it time to write the obituary for the era of free trade? proponents of the practice have had a rough time of it lately.


january 31, 2025supply chain visibilityby robert j. bowman, supplychainbrainthe supplychainbrain podcastpodcast | smoking out supply chain non-compliance in north americathink violations of environmental standards and human rights in supply chains are limited to places far from u.s. shores? think again.


january 24, 2025regulation & complianceby robert j. bowman, supplychainbrainthe supplychainbrain podcastpodcast | how healthcare giant johnson & johnson is making its supply chain sustainablehow is one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies promoting sustainability and regulatory compliance throughout its extensive supply chain?

more podcasts

videos

supply chain thought leaderswatch: navigating the federal funding freeze for transportation projectsmichael k. friedberg, partner with the law firm of holland & knight and a member of its transportation & infrastructure industry sector group, addresses the uncertainties surrounding continued federal funding of infrastructure projects in the second trump administration.


supply chain thought leaderswatch: a look at the trump trade agendaashley craig, chair of the international trade and logistics group of venable llp, reviews key aspects of the second trump administration’s trade policy, including tariffs, sanctions and forced-labor bans. 


who's coming to rila's link 2025?rick dimaio, executive vice president with ace hardware, talks about the value of attending link 2025, the annual conference of the retail industry leaders association (rila), scheduled for february 16-19, 2025 in orlando, florida.


watch: rila's link 2025: a previewjess dankert, vp supply chain with the retail industry leaders association, offers an advance look at link 2025, rila's annual retail supply chain conference, february 16-19 in orlando, florida.

more videos











digital edition2025 resource guide -- the uncertainty principleview the latest issue
webinars

smart strategies to cut transportation costsapril 30th, 2025whether you’re a logistics manager, supply chain leader, or transportation professional, this webinar will equip you with actionable insights to improve cost efficiency and enhance operational performance.  



electronic supply chain: adapt or be left behindfebruary 20th, 2025join a panel of seasoned industry leaders as they delve into the key trends shaping the electronics supply chain in 2025. in this engaging webinar, the experts will share actionable strategies to mitigate risks, optimize supplier relationships, and transform volatility into opportunity.


discussing the ai advantage in modern tms solutionsfeb 25 2025the transportation management landscape is evolving rapidly, and artificial intelligence (ai) is leading the charge in transforming how businesses operate. from streamlining processes to improving decision-making and driving down costs, tms solutions are revolutionizing supply chains worldwide, but what can ai bring to the table?


how to elevate your container drayage operations to maximize profit and growthon-demand webinarare low staff and dispatcher-to-driver ratios and high costs impacting your top- and bottom-line? are inefficient, error-prone and manual processes preventing you from scaling? are you struggling to meet increasing levels of visibility, connectivity and data accuracy?

more webinars
subscribe to our daily newsletter!timely, incisive articles delivered directly to your inbox.
whitepapers

case study: an ngo helps multinationals to tackle modern-day slavery with aia case study exploring how hope for justice and slave-free alliance partnered with exiger to adopt its supply chain visibility platform and pinpoint modern-day slavery problems across complex supply chains.


dynamic route planning builds stability into bulk gas distributionjoin descartes systems for a closer look at dynamic route planning and its potential benefits in performance and cost savings.     


supply chain breaking point: the true cost of fragmented systemssupply chain complexity is at a breaking point: 75% of leaders need 3-10 systems for basic decisions, and 58% of billion-dollar companies struggle with critical blind spots. read the report to learn what top performers are doing differently. 


flexible versus fixed warehouse automation: the evolution of logisticsflexible automation will play a growing role of in warehouse operations. as the industry shifts towards more adaptable, ai-enhanced solutions, businesses will gain the agility needed to stay competitive in an increasingly dynamic market.

more white papers

events

17marpromat 2025


14aprglobal pharma supply chain and logistics forum


7octglobal pharma supply chain and logistics forum

more in events

partner awards

100 great supply chain partners!supplychainbrain will once again feature its annual list of 100 great supply chain partners in the august 2025 issue. click here  to nominate any of your partners.


the supply chain case study showcase!click here  to submit your 2024 case study.


the 2025 supply chain innovation awards!be recognized for your outstanding supply chain innovations!  click here for the 2025 guidelines!

more partner awards
more from scbfeatured contentvideo librarythink tank blogsupplychainbrain podcastwhitepaperson-demand webinarsupcoming webinarsdigital offeringsdigital issuesubscribemanage email preferencesnewslettersresourcesevents calendarscb's great supply chain partnerssupplier directorycase study showcasesupply chain innovation awards100 great partners formscb corporateadvertise on scb.comabout usprivacy policycontact usdata sharing opt-out













all content copyright ©2025 keller international publishing corp all rights reserved. no reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of keller international publishing corpdesign, cms, hosting & web development :: epublishing



