















veterans canteen service (vcs) home























































 skip to page content








	attention a t users.  to access the menus on this page please perform the following steps.



		1. please switch auto forms mode to off.

		2. hit enter to expand a main menu option (health, benefits, etc).

		3. to enter and activate the submenu links, hit the down arrow.



	you will now be able to tab or arrow up or down through the submenu options to access/activate the submenu links.

	





  get help from veterans crisis line  


locator
contact
search

contact us
faqs
ask a question
toll free numbers


locator
hospitals and clinics
vet centers
regional benefits offices
regional loan centers
cemetery locations







  get help from veterans crisis line  


search





enter your search textbutton to start search









site map [a-z]














  






more va





more va



 
 health




health care information
a-z health topic finder
my healthevet
prescriptions refills
schedule a va appointment
veterans crisis line
mental health
ptsd
public health
community care
caregiver support 
urgent care 




 
 
 benefits




general benefits information
disability compensation
pension
gi bill ®
vocational rehabilitation & employment
dependents' educational assistance
survivor benefits
home loans
life insurance
appeals modernization




 
 
 burials & memorials




cemetery services
burials
headstones markers & medallions
presidential memorial certificates
cemeteries
nationwide gravesite locator
burial flags
burial allowance




 
 
about va



inside va

secretary of va
executive biographies
organizations
history



budget and performance

va plans, budget, & performance
agency financial report (afr)
budget submission
recovery act






resources




business
congressional affairs
jobs
benefits booklet
data & statistics
va open data
 va app store
national resource directory
veteran service organizations
office of accountability & whistleblower protection
transparency






media room



inside the media room

public affairs
news releases
speeches
videos
publications



national observances

veterans day
memorial day
celebrating america's freedoms



special events

adaptive sports program
creative arts festival
golden age games
summer sports clinic
training - exposure - experience (tee) tournament
wheelchair games
winter sports clinic






locations




hospitals & clinics
vet centers
regional benefits offices
regional loan centers
cemetery locations






contact us




faqs
ask a question
toll free numbers














 


va » 
                
                health care »
                veterans canteen service (vcs) 
             


veterans canteen service (vcs)

 








menu


menu


veterans canteen service

veterans canteen service (vcs) home
mission/vision/values
leadership
patriotstore - retail
patriotstoredirect

patriotstoredirect home
shop floral
shop jewelry 
shop gifts
shop contacts
shop tires

patriotcafe - food court
patriotbrew - coffee shop
patriotvending
business to business
giving back to veterans
vcs gift card balance 
other vcs services
conducting business with vcs
career opportunities
directory of vcs locations
contact us
shopvcs.com


more health care

veterans health administration
health benefits

health benefits home
apply for va care

apply online
veteran eligibility
active duty
families of veterans
women veterans


determine costs

copays
means test
health insurance
make a payment


community care

community care home
for veterans
for providers
forms & publications


affordable care act

overview
veterans enrolledin va health care
veterans not enrolled in vahealth care
family members
frequently asked questions


schedule a va appointment
caregiver support
urgent care


conditions & treatments

see all conditions & treatments (a-z)
hepatitis
hiv
mental health

mental health home
suicide prevention
substance abuse
military sexual trauma
ptsd
research (mirecc)


military exposures
polytrauma
rehabilitation
spinal cord injury
telehealth
womens health issues


wellness programs

myhealthevet
nutrition
quitting smoking
vaccines & immunizations
flu vaccination
prevention / wellness
public health
weight management (move!)
whole health program


locations

hospitals & clinics
vet centers
veterans canteen service (vcs)


research

research home
about va research
services
programs
news, events and media
research topics
for veterans
for researchers
research oversight


special groups

caregivers
combat veterans & their families

readjustment counseling (vet centers)
war related illness & injury study center


homeless veterans
returning service members
rural veterans
seniors & aging veterans
volunteers
women veterans


careers, job help & training

find a job with va

health care jobs (va careers)
travel nurses


get job help

vets in the workplace
va for vets
performance based interviewing


clinical trainees (academic affiliations)

employees & contractors

talent management system (tms)
va learning university (valu)
simlearn
libraries (valnet)


va software documentation library (vdl)


about vha

learn about vha
forms & publications
quality & safety

access and quality data
ethics
va/dod clinical practice guidelines
medical inspector
patient safety


organizations

administrative
clinical















quick links 





enter zip code here


enter zip code here




 







 






















 








  

sip back & relax
with new pistachio flavored drinks in your local patriotbrew!
learn more »



  

new tire sales
vcs has rebates on the top-brand tires!
learn more »



  

explore our careers
build a career with vcs! serve our nation's veterans.
learn more »








 new pistachio drinks 
 new tire sales 
 build a career 








 






veterans canteen service (vcs)
in 1946, veterans canteen service (vcs) was established by law to provide comfort and well-being to america’s veterans. with our many retail stores, cafés and coffee shops across the country, we serve those who have served our country. our canteens are whole health spaces for veterans to connect, relax, share and care for themselves in an environment that is their benefit. we are proud to serve america’s veterans and those who provide for their care.



choose veggies
patriotgarden
creation station

choose veggies
veterans canteen service (vcs) is encouraging customers to choose vegetables for their whole health and offering more veggies in vcs cafés nationwide.
customers can choose veggies in a multitude of ways – as a side from the patriotcafé, as a snack from the patriotstore, as a salad from patriotbrew, or as a topping on anything at creation station, the newest meal concept making fresh-to-order sandwiches, salads, and pizzas. all vcs employees will add “choose veggies” flag to their vcs name badge to help promote the campaign and remind customers to make the best choices for their whole health.
“the choose veggies campaign is part of vcs’s commitment to our be well - live whole health initiative,” said lu ann swehla, vcs chief nutrition and whole health officer. “we will ‘nudge’ customers to eat more vegetables by making them easier to order and cheaper to purchase. we are invested in the whole health of our customers, and we encourage them to choose more veggies.”
the “choose veggies” campaign is in support of va’s whole health initiative, which focuses on every aspect of a veteran’s health – body, mind, emotion, spirit – and emphasizes what is most important to the individual. vegetables, with their many benefits to a diet, are the perfect choice to make healthy changes and improve veterans’ quality of life.
customers will also save 50 cents when ordering a meal deal from the patriotcafé, as ordering vegetables as a side instead of french fries is a greater value. this is part of vcs’s goal to make healthier food choices more affordable for veterans and their caregivers.
“the grill area is where we can make the most impact in our customer’s health,” said vcs dietitian kristen schwent. “choosing veggies over fries significantly reduces fat, saturated fat, and calories and increases fiber, vitamins, and minerals. our veggies strike a perfect balance between tasty and nutritious, and they can make a significant difference to anyone’s health and well-being.”
vcs will offer different vegetable choices throughout the week, including broccoli, carrots, cauliflower, and green beans, with various methods of preparation to increase variety. vegetables can be roasted, toasted, steamed, glazed, and seasoned to maximize flavor while maintaining the important level of nutrition. a variety of vegetables are also available at creation station, while many patriotbrew coffee shops offer salads, and patriotstores offer veggie-based snacks.
“i encourage customers to add tomatoes, mushrooms, or even caramelized onions as pizza toppings and lettuce, red onion, and tomatoes on sandwiches and salads,” swehla said. “there are so many ways to add color and variety to a meal, and creation station is the perfect service for enjoying a different meal every day.”the “choose veggies” campaign comes just in time for august’s national wellness month. national wellness month, celebrated every august, focuses on practices like stress management, self-care, implementing healthy routines, and improving your overall health and wellness. eating more vegetables is a great way to prioritize health.


patriotgarden
veterans canteen service (vcs) is growing fresh produce inside va’s central office, using a hydroponic system to operate an indoor garden known as patriotgarden. the garden will grow a variety of herbs the canteen will harvest and give away at events throughout the year. 
vcs unveiled the patriotgarden on thursday, may 9, at the patriotcafé, department of veterans affairs central office (vaco) in washington, d.c.
“i am excited to produce food and seasoning at the local level,” said vaco canteen chief dwight brown, who will oversee the patriotgarden. “this is a terrific opportunity to add more variety and do something special for our everyday customers.”
herbs are easy to grow in a hydroponic system and will promote whole health lifestyles through nudging people to use herbs to flavor food instead of salt or fat. planted herbs will include dill, parsley, thyme, sage, chives, and basil.
“this is an eco-friendly endeavor that practices sustainability and shows a unique way for va be better stewards of our environment,” said vcs chief nutrition and whole health officer lu ann swehla. “at vcs, our purpose is to bring the va community together in a space where everyone can connect, relax, and recharge, and the patriotgarden enhances that space.”
the patriotgarden comes from a product called a zipgarden, which is an all-in-one hydroponic indoor gardening system. the compact system allows for year-round growth of a wide range of plants and produce.
as designed, the patriotgarden combines a water reservoir, nutrient pump, growing tray, and led lights to grow produce. the reservoir holds a nutrient-rich water, while the pump keeps a constant flow of nutrients to the plants’ roots, promoting optimal growth. the adjustable led lights provide the perfect light spectrum for each stage of plant growth, ensuring healthy development from seedling to harvest.
the patriotgarden also supports the 2022 white house conference on hunger, nutrition, and health and the goal of ending hunger in america by 2030.


creation station
                   veterans canteen service (vcs) is expanding options in its creation station concept at select patriotcafés around the country. creation station will now offer fresh, healthy, made-to-order sandwiches, salads, and pizzas daily, as well as weekly specials to increase variety.the creation station concept gives customers the opportunity every day to customize their lunches in the canteen. each creation begins with a base, or canvas, like mixed greens for a salad, a tortilla for a wrap or dough for pizza. each creation is then layered with various cheeses, meats, vegetables, sauces, and more – all chosen by the customer. the fresh ingredients offer nearly limitless options to veterans, their families, and their va caregivers.“we are excited to now offer all of the delicious and nutritious features in creation station,” said lu ann swehla, chief nutrition and whole health officer at vcs. “it’s fresh, it’s nutritious, and it allows customers the chance to make their favorites in a way that is important for their whole health.”creation station launched in june 2023 with the initial concept of rotating the selection of pizza, salads and sandwiches every other month. while the concept’s made-to-order options were popular from the start, offering all the options simultaneously will give customers the opportunity to enjoy their favorites any time. customers can also enjoy creation station meal deals, which include a side and drink at a lowered price.“our customers told us they liked the meal choices in creation station, but they wanted to be able to get a sandwich, salad, wrap, or pizza any day,” swehla said. “we worked to make all options available for every customer visit.”there will be the option of more variety with weekly specials. these will add limited-time flavors like santa fe chicken or cuban sandwiches.creation station was developed to increase variety, offer fresh ingredients that can be purchased locally, and reduce food waste. the ingredients are held cold then prepared to order. this makes canteen practices more friendly to the environment, while also reducing costs.customers can also “eat and earn” by picking up a creation station loyalty card. by purchasing any nine creation station meals and receiving the corresponding stamps on their cards, customers can get a 10th sandwich, wrap, salad, bowl, or pizza for free.“creation station is whole health-focused and environmentally friendly, but it’s also a great value for our veteran customers,” swehla said. “above all, it’s fun. i hope everyone has a chance to pick their own toppings, mix things up, and enjoy the variety.”since 1946, veterans canteen service has provided reasonably priced merchandise and services essential to the comfort and well-being of america’s veterans enrolled in va healthcare.
               







 


 
follow us on   
 




































resources

subscribe to vcs emails
vcs gift card balance 
follow us on facebook 
follow us on twitter
follow us on instagram
find your career






















connect

 veterans crisis line:
call: 988 (press 1)
social media










complete directory 

email updates



email address required


button to subscribe to email








va home


notices
privacy
foia
regulations
web policies
no fear act
whistleblower rights & protections
site index
usa.gov
white house
inspector general





quick list


apply for benefits
apply for health care
prescriptions
my healthevet
life insurance online applications
va forms
state and local resources
strat plan fy 2014-2020 
va plans, budget, & performance
va claims representation





resources


careers at va
employment center
returning service members
vocational rehabilitation & employment
homeless veterans
women veterans
minority veterans
plain language
surviving spouses & dependents
adaptive sports program





administration


veterans health administration
veterans benefits administration
national cemetery administration








u.s. department of veterans affairs | 810 vermont avenue, nw washington dc 20420
last updated february 10, 2025





get help from veterans crisis line


 call 988 (press 1)
 text to 838255
 chat confidentially now
 call tty if you
          have hearing loss 1-800-799-4889

if you are in crisis or having thoughts of suicide,
	visit veteranscrisisline.net for more resources.

close this modal  






