


cybernet synergy | creating profits for your business
















call usschedule assessmentxschedule a profitability assessment!












 




who we areservicesfaqget in touchsupport$ 

(516) 897-8419













who we areservicesfaqget in touchsupport$















we 
get your profitability assessment now









what we do
increase your online profitability

website design/development and seo since 2001 
we have helped thousands of clients make millions of dollars

we care about our clients
we would love to show you ways of making more money and giving you more time to spend on developing your business.
we have a track record spanning over 20 years so let us be your "internet sherpas", using our friendly expertise to maximize your roi and profits.
click the button below to schedule a profitability assessment for your business and website with one of our profitability experts. it could be the single most important thing you ever do for your business.
get a profitability assessment 

 
is your website visible?
click the button below to use this tool to quickly see how your business can improve its local performance against your competitors. you may be surprised at how little information about your business is either missing or incorrect on the web. we can get you found!
complimentary  business visibility scan
 
 
is your website accessible to people with disabilities?
please use the button below to get a  free accessibility audit. enter a couple of details to see how your website is compliant to ada requirements. you can protect yourself against damaging lawsuits.
we also provide litigation support if ever you are challenged legally, and you may also be able to take advantage of tax credits!
check your website accessibilty for free   


 
 servicesada complianceapplication developmentcustom softwaree-commerceemail marketinghosting solutionsinternet marketingsearch engine marketingsearch engine optimizationsecuritysocial media marketingwebsite design



















case studies


supervisorabagrand central watchvet vacation cevalbrook


supervisoraba
this startup business wished to provide online supervision for the process of qualifying candidates as behavioral analysts.
cybernet produced a custom online portal behind a newly designed website which allowed trainees to sign up and pay for supervision programs. the client could edit and regulate content via an admin panel as well as track individual trainees throughout the entire process. the site is entering its 7th year of successful operation and it is its third iteration of redesign and upgrades.
 
read more
 








grand central watch
a high-volume watch repair operation needed an e-commerce solution as well as a sophisticated system to track repairs.
cybernet consulted with the client on function and design before devising and implementing a shopping cart and new site pages to boost their sales of watches and watch bands. cybernet also implemented a secure online portal for the retail staff and technicians in multiple locations to track, update and keep clients informed of the progress of their timepiece’s repair.
 
read more
 








vet vacation ce
this startup business wished to sell continuing education options in exotic destinations.
cybernet provided a customized website and admin panel for the client to have control over updating destinations, options, and pricing along with tiered pricing structures based on dated discount levels. the admin panel tracks sales and attendees and allows the client to process and refine their attendee data per event. cybernet also customized the product offerings to allow the business to operate online remote events during the covid pandemic. the site is entering its 6th successful year.
 
read more
 








valbrook
a local baseball summer camp wished to pivot from print advertising to digital.
cybernet created a website with a custom ordering process to take payment for certain weeks and age ranges. cybernet also created a digital marketing campaign focused largely on email to reduce advertising costs and double enrollment.
 
read more
 








get a profitability assessment 

 

google
		 reviews
	

rank shipping inc which has been in business for many years wanted to show presence on the internet with a professional website. cybernet a local company designed our website and also monitors the site for us. what an incredible job they did. susan pensa was a pleasure to work with and now we are up and running. i would recommend cybernet to anyone who is looking  to do or upgrade their website for their business.catherine bruno4 weeks agoi have worked with mike and his team for more than five years. along with always  making appropriate revisions based on changing tech specifications, they did very good work on maintaining and updating my website and worked hard to get me a high listing on google. they responded  quickly when i had questions, and offered good suggestions. i would conclude by saying they are very nice people to work with.alan siege2 years agocybernet has literally been taking care of my business for over a decade.  they've always been helpful, responsive, and professional.   i give my biggest gratitude, and highest recommendation to mike, ian and their entire staff!david doerbeckera year agoi have been with this company  since  year 2000 about. i really love them, i mean ian, mike and their great team members. they are so professional and friendly! most importantly whenever your web needs to be fixed, they are there for you, regardless either it is a holiday time or they are on vacation,  the fixation was always done right away. they always treat you like a best friends or family! i will with them forever! five star is not enough, i will give them endless stars to show my appreciation!acupuncture nyc5 years agoian and mike at cybernet have been my law firm's  "web guys" for several years now and they are top notch in terms of technical competency and responsive service...5 stars all the way!richard waxman2 years ago
leave a review 
 
check out our other reviews

 





 
faq

services

support

contact

privacy policy

refund policy

terms and conditions

accessibility statement




contact us  

cybernet



38 west park ave. suite #500
long beach, 
                    new york
11561

 

cybernet (nyc)


221 east 88th street store west
new york, 
                    new york
10128


contact us  

telephone: 516.897.8419
email: info@cybernetny.com






© 2025 cybernet, llc ∝


































