



pueblo pottery: acoma pottery, hopi pottery, zuni pottery and santa clara pottery








hopi pottery, acoma pottery, santa clara pottery and  zuni pottery are all considered pueblo pottery. 
        all pueblo pottery share in common the  characteristics described in the text below. we feature  on our website the pottery of award winning contemporary as well as noted legendary pueblo potters.    
all traditional 
      southwest native american pueblo pottery is entirely handmade... 
      from  digging, cleaning, soaking, crumbling,  and sifting the clay...
      to making the natural dyes 
      and  yucca brushes. that is just the beginning. now a unique design must be created,  the slip needs to be made,  a kiln or  fire needs to be built to "fire" the pot and then on to   
       the final finish and polish. this  is the pueblo potter's process. and,  no matter how much care is taken not every pot will survive the process.
 
 click to enter 
      pueblo pottery gallery

who are native american pueblo people?  pueblo people live in stone villages (pueblos) 
      that 
      span from toas, new mexico to the hopi 
pueblo mesas in northern arizona.  although, pueblo
people speak six different languages, 
    they share much of the same history, traditons,
values and high desert landscape. 
acoma pottery - the acoma people share a unique bond with their land and ancestors. the acoma are
bathed
in
traditional acoma pottery at birth. they are burried in an acoma pot  at death. all pueblo pottery  is created with
 natural materials gathered from the surrounding area. clay is
searched for and dug from the ground, often after an offering of corn meal is made, 
asking permission of mother earth to use a part of her body to help support themselves and their young.
minerals and plants are refined to make paints, while rocks, pottery sherds (shards) and gourd 
rinds are used for
shaping 
and polishing. this was the way of their ancestors and this is the 
tradition they choose to continue. it is a link to the very beginning of their civilization.
gathering the clay: many pueblo potters refer to picking clay as "picking flowers", it is a gift
from mother earth, 
      and like all her gifts it is sacred. pueblo potters  take only the amount of clay 
      they are going to use. some potters will
keep their clay sources a secret, while at other pueblos
everybody uses they same clay pit. some pueblo potters chose to stop working when their clay
source dries up rather then  searching for  new clay.  pueblo potters estimate that  about half of the 
time 
needed to make a new pot is spent 
 preparing the clay.  
the raw clay must be  dried before soaking and
      sometimes is  ground and sieved clean to 
      prevent
a "rotting smell" that may occur later in the process. the
      potters will then let the clay soak in washtubs
or barrels while they replace the water to
      purify the clay dissolving any unwanted minerals. 
      once the clay is saturated, they can begin the
      sifting process which removes larger impurities like rocks, 
      branches and roots. potters cannot use
      this pure clay. they must add a temper of sand, finely ground
rock or sherds from
      a broken pot. this enables  the clay to  dry more evenly from the outside to the inside.
      without this temper, 
      the pot would crack as it dries and shrinks.
creating traditional santa clara pueblo pottery: rose naranjo, a santa clara potter says, "the 
      clay is very selfish, it will form itself
to
what the clay wants to be". the potters must find a calm center
and
tune into the clay to create such beautiful pieces of pottery. if the potter has good intentions, 
and is "one with the clay", the clay will please both itself and the potter, becoming an extension of
the potters spirit. 
proably the most distinguishing characteristic of southwest pueblo pottery are the coils. clay coil pots
      are
built 
      entirely by hand. they are never being thrown  on a wheel. many believe that using a wheel
      takes away from the artistic aspect, making it "too perfect".  small pots and figurines can simply 
      be pinched out of small balls of clay, but anthing larger must have a base called a puki, to support 
      the rest of the pot. once the puki is formed, usually from a bowl or pie tin,  the potter takes
      the first coil of moist clay and presses it against the inside wall of the round base. each coil is 
      added one by one, each being about
      an inch in diameter. the potter must constantly knead the 
      clay to relinquish all air bubbles that would cause problems when firing. after a  pot has been 
      created, the artist  refines the pot as they see fit.  pueblo potters have long used pot sherds or 
      pieces of gourd rind for scraping. today potters use pieces of coconut shell, 
      discarded
      eyeglass lenses,
wooden spoons,  the tops from candy and tabacco tins or most anything that will achieve 
the desired result to shape the new pot. 
thin walled pottery is a sign of an artists skill. some potters  strive for
      thinner and thinner walls, 
      while others prefer thicker more substainable walled pottery. concerning the coils...  scraping
will 
      remove almost all evidence of the clay coils. however, some artists  prefer corugated pottery 
      and leave every 
      coil visible and  even decorate them. 
scraping, sanding and polishing hopi  pottery: once the clay has dried, the potter will re-shape
the pot by scraping and sanding. the potter must always be cautious  not to sand a hole through
the wall
of the
pot. this is easier said then done when using corncobs or chunks of lava rock as was
done many 
years ago. todays tools (window screens, steel wool, or comercial sandpaper) make that process easier.  
throughout the drying process, the
  potter must watch  for cracks and bubbles. minor imperfections 
  can be fixed with moist clay and a wet cloth  but 
  major flaws means that the pot must be broken down 
  and merged with the next batch of clay. next, 
  the rough pot needs a layer of slip. 
most pots need slip in order to be polished. hopi pots are the only
  pots that can be polished without 
  being modified. this stone or hand-rubbed polish accomplishes 
  several
  things. it smooths the surface of 
  the pot while also adding color. most importantly, it provides
  a canvas for the plant-derived dyes
or incising. 
  potters must work quickly before the slip 
  dries. if the slip dries  the pot can no longer be 
  polished. some  scratching is an unavoidable consequence of the polishing process. 
guaco: pueblo potters paint their feelings and put stories on their pots. some potters look 
      at the pots until
    they are sure  which design  they wish to create. only the most
accomplished potters 
can freehand  a design directly to the pot. most potters will  first put ideas  to paper where the consequences 
    of making a mistake are relatively insignificant. but a flat sheet of paper is not a three dimensional pot. 
    the art on the completed  pot must be  symetrical, artful and beautiful. no easy task regardless 
    of how it is done.
dried yucca leaves are chewed down to a certian number of fibers
      (usually between 1-12) and used
as paint brushes. the paint is a usually made from wild 
      spinach, or guaco boiled  down to a thick residue. 
      this can keep for years and will  turn to paint when mixed with water. however,  proportions must
      be exact or  the paint could flake off when firing  or fail to turn dense black. 
judgement day: rose naranjo calls firing "judgement day", after all the work and hours that have
gone into every pot, only one step remains between this stage and a finished pot. potters will build
a outdoor kiln out of old bed springs, and rocks, using wood and manure as fuel. this is a very 
vulnerable stage for both potters and the pots. a random gust of wind can lower the tempature inside 
the kiln enough to make the pots explode. some artists make an offering before firing pots. others, 
use secret firing locations that have been blessed by a medicine man. no matter how many precationary
measures are taken, over time not every pot will survive. every potter has broken pots in their home. 
these pots recieve just as much love and care as a perfect pot. 
shortcutting traditions: traditional potters believe that if you use commercial clay, you cannot
tell a story.  however some potters are using commercial clay, or even ceramic blanks they simply
paint. this is called greenware, cast, or slip cast. pots like this have little to no collector 
value. we do not sell greenware 
      pottery.

 collectable pueblo pottery is meant for display only.  never clean, wash or 
    use this pottery.
 click to enter 
    pueblo pottery gallery 


sedona indian jewelry  | sedonawolf zuni fetishes  | zuni fetish exchange
copyright 1997 through 2013 by sedonawolf.
all rights 
        reserved. no part of this site may be 
copied or reproduced without prior
 written consent of sedonawolf


 


