




plasma pipe cutting machines and cnc oxy fuel industrial vessel profile cutting  | watts specialties cnc oxy-fuel computerized pipe profiling equipment | plasma pipe cutting, industrial pipe cutter, 3d pipe saddle cutting software, beveling, saddle joint cuts, coupon cutter, computer operated and manual machines




















































 
customer stories
all machines
+1 253-848-9288









  

















automated 3d pipe cutting machines
 - made in the usa - 





 





follow us on:
   



































































plasma pipe cuttingmachines




request a machine quote








w-lpsc series






w-eco series






w-series machines








w-484 pipe profiling machines






w-604 large pipe profiling






all machines gallery
cad machine layout samples















customer stories
company executives discuss how watts specialties pipe cutting machines have increased efficiency, cut manhours and generated more profits.
see all of our customer stories.





 we are saving more on labor than we anticipated...because this w-364 cuts with superior quality and leaves a clean bevel. this machine goes through stainless steel like butter. read the story...

mike nelsen
plant manager, mfs





              we save around 100 feet of pipe every month due to the efficiency of the watts w-122 pipe cutting machine and 3d-profile plus software.read the story...

bill alexander
owner-ceo





              using the watts specialties wm-606-axis pipe profiler, a job that once took seven hours to cut was complete in less than an hour...
read the story...

jeffrey bunker
president, piping systems, inc.




              we are cutting around 50-80 vessels per month...what normally would take 10 hours with the old system of cutting and grinding by hand can be done in one hour.
read the story...

jeremy watts
director of production, jw williams




              the watts specialties system allows us to make precise, clean cuts in a minimal amount of time...spending less on prep time and less on manhours. 
						read the story...

mike smith
general manager




              ...increase in productivity. pipe cuts that were previously taking one man 40 hours to complete are now being cut in 8 hours - including olets!  
						read the story...

beth thullen
fab shop superintendent




              we have cut more than 2,700 different parts with multiple cuts - over 12,000 feet of pipe...getting great value with our watts specialties machine.
read the story...

eric robertson
fabrication manager, roeslein




               ...[intricate cuts] would have taken an entire day of set up - with the
watts specialties w-484 machine...multiple cuts get done in minutes...
read the story...

david branscum
production mgr, gm ssi




              we went from two guys cutting pipe all day...to cutting two days a week. the labor savings alonejustified the purchase of thewatts specialties machine.
read the story...

john ferrucci
vp, f+f mechanical





              ...with the w-364 all cuts are programmed and done...takes 10-12 minutes...laying it out manually, cutting and cleaning would have taken two-hours.
read the story...

mike shinn
ceo, shinn mechanical




              the watts specialties w-244, six axis machine has enabled us not only to grow, it has opened up more business opportunities as well.
read the story...

nick porter
coo, porter pipe




watts specialties offered us a rental machine so we could get started quickly and see the benefits before we made a large capital commitment. 
read the story...

garett andersen
director - field operations




              the watts specialties w-244 machine bed and conveyors with rollers...enhances our safety and cuts down on the labor of moving pipe around.
read the story...

todd burrell
fabrication manager, ivey mechanical




 




watts specialties team






david carr
            1960 - 2023


						please see our memorial for
						our friend and colleague.








dave dunham
managing director
253-848-9288
ddunham@watts-specialties.com







jessie scribner
production manager/technical lead
253-848-9288
jessies@watts-specialties.com













1,796
watts machines in operation





10
service centers in8 different countries





24/7
customer support ready to go





15
distributors aroundthe world













     

     

     


     



















phone:+1 253-848-9288
							



request a machine quote




download the brochure




  




company links

 home
 
							about us
 pipe cutting machines
 
						intro-machines



other links


machine videos

3d-profile plus software

roi calculator

wa-or-ca






sign up fornews updates!

get updates when watts announces new products or news.







 watts specialtiesall rights reserved - privacy policy





pipe cutting beveling machines los angeles
profile pipe cutting machines san diego
large computerized pipe cutting equipment oakland
beveling pipe cutting machines tucson
cnc plasma pipe cutter mesa az


pipe profile cutting equipment auburn wa
large pipe cutting machines tacoma wa
pipe cutting and beveling machines phoenix
stainless steel pipe cutting equipment houston
automated plasma pipe cutter equipment dallas


cnc pipe profile cutting machine calgary
cnc plasma i-beam cutting machines edmonton
plasma pipe cutting machines miami
plasma pipe profile cutting machines jacksonville
pipe cutting beveling machines nashville



















