oakland restaurants: find restaurant information and reviews in oakland by diningguide
homeaboutcontactoakland restaurantsmobile versionadd your restaurant (free) suggest a restaurant dining search bookmark this page metroguide.network > diningguide > oakland home pageoakland restaurantsrestaurant posts“welcome to berkeley boathouse”“gather with friends, enjoy the unparalleled views of the waterfront and san francisco sky…”posted by: the berkeley boathouse“seafood, chops, steak”“dine tomahawk is one of the finest dining places across the town that serves you with scr…”posted by: dine tomahawk“best indian pizza union city|best indian pizza fremont”“tandoori pizza restaurant offers the best quality desi indian curry chicken, achari gobhi…”posted by: tandoori pizzarestaurants may post descriptions here without charge.reader reviews“awesome!”private member, walnut creek - “artisan bistro is a great hidden treasure.  no wo…”said about: artisan bistro“grilled cheese at a burger place is good”member, donna, miami - “visiting a friend in oakland and looking for fast food af…”said about: in-n-out burger“it went from bad to worse”private member, oakland - “i had a horrible experience at wasabi.  the woman who …”said about: wasabiwe welcome readers to share opinions.by location » by type » restaurant events »(try keyword "dinner reservations" or a zip code)
welcome to metroguide.network's oakland diningguide, 
a directory of restaurants and related restaurant information for metropolitan oakland, california.  use metroguide's diningguide service to find oakland restaurants by location or cuisine.

as the birthplace of california cuisine -- stemming from when bay area restaurateurs started using and promoting fresh area ingredients -- oakland's top chefs enhance the region's culinary mix with exotic flavor, new cooking techniques and one-of-a-kind recipes. resulting is a kaleidoscope of top-flight eateries, big on ethnic diversity, and even bigger on adventure. lois the pie queen, among oakland's oldest restaurants, serves a signature reggie jackson, with eggs, grits, biscuits and pork chops. quinn's lighthouse restaurant and pub, built as the oakland harbor lighthouse in 1903, serves buffalo burgers and quinn's doodaas -- platters of rice, black beans and prawns. milano's is known for california-influenced specialties including risottos, wood-oven pizza and polenta with quail. for aztec cuisine, el huarache azteca dishes up mole poplano, huaraches and hacoyos from toluca and sweets and gorditas from que retaro. for eritrean and ethiopian cuisine, asmara specializes in tenderloin tips with awaze dip and lamb in berbere sauce. sabina indian cuisine serves clay-pot dishes and curries. oak plaza restaurant daily specials include halibut wrapped in fig leaves and warm artichoke salad. in jack london square, zazoo's serves seafood, pasta and steaks in a waterfront setting, and barclays restaurant and pub has a rotating beer list. holy land kosher food serves authentic tastes of israel, t.j.'s gingerbread house dishes up what it calls louisiana fancy fine, and lan houng serves vietnamese fare. for moroccan experiences, tanjia does five-course prix fixe feasts with nightly belly dancing.  burger chains run from fuddruckers to barney's gourmet hamburger.

diningguide oakland is part of metroguide, offering guides to shopping, hotels and more for the entire region.

diningguide has additional san francisco bay restaurant information at diningguide san francisco, diningguide napa valley and diningguide san jose, california - silicon valley.

oakland dining by location

to perform a quick search for restaurants in the metropolitan oakland 
area, please select one of the locations below 
(restaurant listings will be grouped by cuisine / category):

·oakland
dining options located in the greater oakland area including the cities of emeryville and alameda 

·oakland airport
restaurants located south of the city center near metropolitan oakland international airport (oak) 

·pleasanton
pleasanton is located southeast of oakland. this area also includes restaurants located in livermore 

·hayward
dining options located south of oakland in the area of hayward, castro valley and union city 

·surrounding communities
dining options located in surrounding communities of oakland including vallejo, walnut creek and san ramon 

·san francisco metro
restaurants in san francisco and other communities sit across the san francisco and richardson bays via the oakland and golden gate bridges 

·berkeley
restaurants located northeast of oakland in the berkeley and lafayette areas 

oakland dining by cuisine

or, select a cuisine / category from the list presented below (restaurant listings will be grouped by location).
low-carb itemsafricanamericanamerican - casualasianbarbequebritishbuffetcafecajuncaribbeanchickenchinesecoffeecontinentaldelicatessendinerfast foodfrenchgreekhawaiianhealthy - naturalice cream - yogurtindianitalianjapanesekoreanmediterraneanmexicanpacific rimpizzeriaseafoodsouthwesternsteakthaivegetarian
to return to the diningguide oakland home page during your search, follow the navigation links provided at the top of the pages.
« top of pageevents at oakland restaurantsnile & six feet under live rock / metal music… music - rock & metal cornerstone berkeleythu 2/13/25 « top of pageadjacent links:diningguide napa valleydiningguide sacramentodiningguide san franciscodiningguide silicon valleyrelated links:diningguide anaheimdiningguide bakersfielddiningguide fresnodiningguide inland empirediningguide los angelesdiningguide montereydiningguide orange countydiningguide palm springsdiningguide sacramento valleydiningguide san diegodiningguide santa barbaraother links:vertical farm daynational ubi daydiningguide eugenediningguide reno - sparksmetroguide.network > diningguide > oakland home page« top of page | sitemap© 1996-2025metroguide, inc. | privacy policy | terms and conditionsdiningguide, diningguide.network, diningguide.community and diningguide oakland are service marks of metroguide.com, inc.to submit your restaurant, please use the: diningg.u.i.-de.to contact us at metroguide: click here.metroguideeventguideretailguidediningguidehotelguidemore locations...



oakland restaurants:our readers'3 smile favoritespapa murphys pizzaforli ristorante & bargenki japanese restaurantdoug's placejenny's cafecapers restaurantpolish & european delikateskitaqueria senaida'snaked fish japanese cuisinetaqueria los gallossuperway kitchencecil's famous burgers & sandwicheshanabishi japanese cuisineprospect park sandwichesshan dong restaurant


