


cffca-new































































regional focus ~ collaborative
                                                                        
                                                 leadership           ~ 
fellowship                    for      goodwill





meeting 
                                                                         
                                                announcements

 

 
bod meetings 

the board
                                                                        
                                                 of   directors         
meets          the      1st      thursday                of    each     
month      via         tele-conference                                starting
             at  9:00am    or     as   otherwise           called       
         by   the   president.

general                 
                       meetings
unless otherwise
                                                                        
                                                 noted      below,      
the      cffca          general              membership                 
  meets              on     the                                         
  2nd  thursday
       of each                   month.  all business lunch  meetings
 start                                                                  
 promptly    at                             11:30am.








meeting notice





next 
                                                                         
                                                cffca      general      
 business                meeting

apr 11th, 2024                               
     
(thursday)

program:

ffca
east central regional meeting

presenter

ffca
officers










 
 

 
meeting 
                                                                         
                                                room


royal
palm


unit display




open

(meeting location) 

 
hilton orlando altamonte
click on above link for
map & directions
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                   
                                         


hilton 
                                                                         
                                                -  orlando/
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          altamonte                springs
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          350       northlake                blvd, altamonte 
                                  springs, fl 32701-5297
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          tel: 407-830-1985
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          fax: 407-331-2911 
full service
                                                                        
                                                 hot/cold         lunch 
    buffet            $10pp          including                  beverage,
          desert,                 tax      and        gratuity.

live traffic reports
(new)






    
 mission

 


promote proactive fire / ems leadership.



establish and support common goals
                                                                        
                                                 within       our    profession.



provide professional development
                                                                        
                                                 and    networking      
    opportunities.



deliver association services in
a business, yet social environment.


core             values

leadership

public                 trust

integrity

service


 







 welcome


 




                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          welcome             to    the       central   
         florida                 fire       chiefs'             association 
                 web         site         for       your           browsing 
       pleasure.                   we hope  you       find   our   award 
        winning    web         site     informative                     
and       useful          to  your           particular       needs   and 
     interests.





                                                                        
                                                                        
           current         news     and                             
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          special             announcements






newly elected officers
sworn-in and presentations of distinguished service awards


the newly elected officers for 2024 took
their oath of office and were duly sworn-in by cffca chaplain rick spence
at the march 14th general membership meeting. the below listed newly elected
officers 2-year terms begin april 1st:

vice president - chief mike peters [longwood fd]; district 2 seminole director
chief mike johansmeyer [lake mary fd]; district 4 lake director chief mike
swansom [eustis fd]; and district 5 retirees director retired chief matt
mcgrew.

[click on below images to        
   enlarge]







       [click on above images to            enlarge]

three [3] agencies were presented with the
cffca distingished service eagle award for recent milestone achievements
in public safety excellence as follows:

lake mary fd - iso class 1
lake mary fd - ambulance service accreditation[caas]
seminole county fd - fire accreidtation [cfai]
kissimmee fd - fire accreditation [cfai]

photos below represent the fire chief and the agency palnning teams that
made these achievemnts possible. 

[click on below images to            enlarge]








       [click on above images to         
  enlarge]

   visit the gallery page to view all meeting
photos...




annual cffca social event
   "downtown in the garden"

[click on below image to            enlarge]


the annual cffca social "downtown in the 
 garden" was held in the historic downtown district of the city of winter 
garden on saturaday, february 17th, 2024. sixty-one were in attendance...

   it started w/ a private reception at pilar's loft at 5pm w/ cash bar and 
 an assortment of delicious hors d'oeuvres from market to table. at 7pm our 
group relocated downstairs to the historic garden theatre for a live stage 
production of "all shook up" a rendition of elvis presley. pilar's loft, market
to table, and the garden theatre's warm hospitalities were an out-of-the-park 
home run for our group.

  a big shout out of thanks to our event co-sponsors: rev rtc, meco, mes, 
and the mental hygiene project - and a very special acknowledgment of retired
 chief matt mcgrew who made this event possible...

   visit the gallery page to view all event photos...




   annual cffca retiree round-up
     and
     election of new officers 2024


cffca held its monthly meeting / program 
  on february 8th, 2024 at the hilton altamont springs.

[click on below image to            enlarge]




     program was our annual cffca retiree round up with 12 retirees present 
 and  pictured above to share their stories. forty-one [41] members and guests 
 were in attendance.

     election of new officers was held with the following officers elected
 to  office effective april 1st for 2-year terms:

         vice president - chief mike peters 
         district 2 seminole director - chief mike johansmeyer

    district 4 lake director 
  - chief mike swanson
         district 5 retirees director - retired chief matt 
mcgrew

     all the above officers were incumbents and re-elected to office.

     go to our gallery page to browse photos...




     high performance leadership  class
       february 2nd, 2024

[click on below images to           
enlarge


professional development class “high performance 
   leadership” hosted by the central fl fire chiefs’ association, friday, 
february   2nd at the hilton altamonte springs. 

       class presenters were retired chief dave downey and retired chief
kingman    schuldt, from the tenzinga performance management group.

       eightteen [18] agencies and forty seven fire rescue officers were
in  attendance   for this very informative leadership topic.

       many thanks to our corporate co-sponsors making this opportunity possible: 
   core, 1st response training group, fisher safety, nafeco, and ten 8.

       view our gallery page for all photos...





       [click on above images to            enlarge

       cffca meeting  and program
              thursday, january 18th, 2024

the cffca held its monthly meeting and program
      at the hilton altamonte springs on thursday, january 18th, 2024.

            thirty [30] attendees were present for the metro-plan orlando 
presentation    on the "vision zero" initiative by presenters lara bouck, 
senior transportation    engineer project manager, and mighk wilson, senior 
transportation planner.                



[click on below images to            enlarge





        [click on below images to            enlarge



          cffca corp partner appreciation
           christmas holiday luncheon
              thursday, december 14th, 2023
 [click on below images to            enlarge]




annual corporate appreciation christmas luncheon
was held at the altamonte springs hilton in the royal palm ballroom.

           seventy-five [75] were in attendance for this festive event with 
 special     custom cffca logo tiles presented to each corporate partner in
 attendance.

           holiday music provided by piano party, llc.




           cffca meeting  and program
              thursday, november 9th, 2023

the cffca held its monthly meeting and program
      at the hilton altamonte springs on thursday, november 9th, 2023.

            forty-nine [49] attendees were present for the after-action report
   presented    by orange county fire rescue department on their fireworks
 warehouse  fire    incident.

            [click on below images to            enlarge]










            cffca meeting  
              3rd alarm partner showcase
                                                   thursday, october 12th,
 2023


the cffca held its annual 3rd alarm partner
       showcase at the hilton altamonte springs on thursday, october 12th,
 2023.

              twenty-four [24] 3rd alarm partners participated in the showcase
   with   ninety-one  [91] in attendance consisting of twenty [20] fire/ems
  agencies.

              please visit our gallery page to browse the showcase photos...

              [click on below images to            enlarge]






              cffca meeting and program
                                                   thursday, september 14th,
  2023

cffca business meeting and program held
at the hilton altamonte springs on thursday, september 14th, 2023.

                 [click on below images to            enlarge]





                 the program was the annual agency chiefs' round table briefing 
   on  the   current  state of affairs of each reporting agency. forty-seven 
   were  in attendance   with 15 agencies participating in the annual briefing 
   presentations.

                 meeting photos can be found on our gallery page.







 

                cffca meeting and program
                                                   thursday, august 10th, 
2023
 

cffca business meeting and program held
at the hilton altamonte springs in the royal palm ballroom on thursday, august
              10th, 2023. fifty-seven [57] attendees were present for the
meeting.

                             program presented by edward maerkl [ofd bomb 
squad]    and   daniel    easter  [cfix supervisory analyst] on the central 
florida    intelligence   exchange   [cfix]  and its many resources available 
to area    fire departments   within  our region.

                     special congrats and acknowledgements were extended
to  retired     chief    jim   white for his numerous years of cffca board
service  and  chief   lepere    with   reedy creek fd who is retiring on
august 31st  after  38 years  of total   career   service.


                     [click on below images to            enlarge]






[click on above
images    to             enlarge]

                     congrats are in order


our cffca district 2 director [seminole]
            fire chief michaeal johansmeyer was elected as the florida fire
  chiefs'        association  east central regional director at the ffca
edc   in naples.
mail
            link





 [click on above image to    
       enlarge]

                        july 16th luncheon at ffca edc naples

                         [click on below images to            enlarge]

 



the cffca hosted its annual july lunch social
             in naples [fl] on sunday, july 16th at the florida fire chiefs'
   association's          executive development conference. 

forty-one [41] attendees were present ,
including ffca presidnet, ffca executive director, ffca ec regional director,
jim white ffca foundation chair, and many others.              


                          special thanks are extended to our lunch co-sponsors
   consisting      of  bennett    fire products, co., inc., core, municipal
  emergency services,       municipal  fire  equipment company, and rev rtc.
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                  
            



                         the regular cffca lunch/program meetings will resume 
  on  thursday,      august    10th, 2023 at our host site - hilton altamonte
   springs.


cffca meeting and program
                                                   thursday, april 13th,
2023


cffca business meeting and program held
at the hilton altamonte springs in the royal palm ballroom on thursday, may
   11th, 2023. fifty-one [51] attendees were present for the meeting.

                             program presented by osceola county fire rescue
  department      on  an  after-action     report  "large nursery supply
  fire" operations      and lessons learned.


     [click on below images 
 to             enlarge]






     [click on above images 
 to             enlarge]


                             voting link:  https://www.ffca.org/ffca-2023-board-elections




     [click on above 
image    to             enlarge]

                                  cffca meeting and program
                                                   thursday, april 13th,
2023


cffca business meeting and program held
at the hilton altamonte springs in the royal palm ballroom on thursday, april
                  13th, 2023. fifty-seven [57] attendees were present for
the    meeting.

                                    all outgoing cffca officers were recognized 
   for   their    board    service     with   a  special service plaque 
   award.   chief  will  watts    was presented     with   his retirement 
plaque   from   the cffca  for  22 years    of service at  maitland    fire 
rescue   department.

                                    the program presentation was on peer
support     3rd   alarm    toolkit     project     with  tina o'brien coordinating
 the   presentation     with jeff  orrange   and  dr.   kellie  o'dare of
the 3rd   alarm toolkit   project.

     [click on below photos to   
        enlarge]






     [click
  on  below    photos    to             enlarge]




[click
 on  below    photos    to             enlarge]


 
                                                cffca meeting and program
                                                   thursday, march 9th, 2023

installation
 of  new   cffca    officers     2023
                                          presentation of cffca fire chief
 craig    haun   leadership      awards    for   2021   and  2022
                                          and ffca east central regional
meeting


the cffca hosted the ffca east central regional
                     meeting update on march 9th at the hilton altamonte
springs.         meeting        was    very well attended with ninety-six
[96] present.



   [click 
on  below    photos    to             enlarge]


                                          the program consisted of installation 
   of  new   cffca    officers;      presentation       of the 2021 and 2022 
   cffca  fire   chief  craig  haun leadership      award; and    ffca   ec
  regional  update.

                                          congrats are in order for our new 
 2023   officers     as  sworn-in     by  cffca    chaplain   rick spence: 
 president   – chief   jim  walls;  vice  president    – chief    mike peters; 
   district   1 orange   director  –  chief  sean wylam;   district 2  seminole 
 director     – chief   mike johansmeyer;    and  district 3  osceola director 
   – chief   larry collier.

                                         [click on below photos to      
     enlarge]




   [click
 on  photos    to             enlarge]




   [click on above
photos    to             enlarge]


                                          a very special congrats to our
cffca    chief    craig    haun   leadership      award    recipients:  cffca
president    retired    chief    john  miller – 2021   and   fire chief 
 jim dickerson     lake county    office    of fire  rescue – 2022.   awards
  were presented      in the presence     of  maria  haun,  chief johansmeyer
  [award   committee    chair]   and retired    chief  matt mcgrew  as the
2020 award   recipient.                  

                                          cffca president john miller handed
  the   podium    gavel    to  ffca   ec  director     chief chuck bogle
who   facilitated   the   ec regional     report.   updates  were  presented
  by ffca board  officers   and section   chairs.


                                                                see our gallery 
   for   all   meeting     photos.
cffca rivership dinner cruise
                     social
                                             saturday, february 18th, 2023


                                             the st. johns riverboat co.
located     in  historic     downtown     sanford,     florida    was our
host for  the   evening.  situated     on lake  monroe,   the barbara-lee
   rivership    is docked on marina island.

                                             [click on below photos to  
         enlarge]




[click on 
above    photos    to             enlarge]


                                             fifty [50] were in attendance... 
  cruise    included     live   entertainment        and   a multi-course 
meal  consisting    of appetizers,       salad, your choice     chef-prepared 
    entrée,    dessert, coffee     and  iced tea, along with     a 
well-stocked  bar   and  expert bartenders     able  to prepare whatever drinks
    were requested.

                                             please give a big shout out
of  thanks    to  our   sponsoring      corporate      partners    ten 8,
core,  united   badges,  and   fisher safety     for their gracious     
contributions      to significantly    lower our event     costs!


                                             cffca retiree round-up
                                              and election of new officers
 2023


cffca business meeting and program held
at the hilton altamonte springs in the royal palm ballroom on thursday, february
                       9th, 2023. forty-nine [49] attendees were present
for    the    meeting.

                                              twelve [12] retirees were present 
   and   each   gave   a  background      on  their    fire  service career 
  and current   happenings    in retiree. the    below  group  photo  represents 
    over 450   years of career     service.

                                              [click on below photos to 
          enlarge]




                                              a clean slate of new officers 
 2023   was   presented      by  the   elections      /  nominations   committee
   chair.   no opposing   nominations     were presented     from  the floor.
   election    of new officers   as follows    with installation   of  each
   at the march   9th, 2023  meeting:

                                              president: jim walls, fire
chief    kissimmee      [running     for   election];
                                              district 1 director orange: 
sean   wylam,    fire   chief    apopka    [running     for   election]; 
district   3 director    osceola:   larry    collier,    fire chief    osceola 
  county   [running   for election]...

                                              immediate past president: john
  miller,     fire   chief    retired     [no   vote   needed];    vice president
  interim     appointment:     michael peters,     fire   chief   longwood
  [board  endorsement    and vote     of approval by membership];       district
    2 director  [seminole]     interim     appointment: michael johansmeyer,
        fire chief   lake mary    [board  endorsement    and vote of approval
  by membership].      congrats     to our  new incoiming   officers.


cffca 
    meeting     and   program
                                                   thursday, january 12th,
 2023

fentanyl
 exposure     ffs   down


monthly cffca meeting and program held at 
                        the hilton altamonte springs...

                                                 program: fentanyl exposure 
 ffs   down   after-action       report    by  lake   county    fire  rescue. 
 presenters     were: fire chief      jim dickerson,      division   chief 
  stephen   davis,    lieutenant jeremy     searcy, and ff/para     justin 
 scribner.

                                                 forty-nine [49] were in
attendance      at  this   important      "lessons     learned"     discussion
 opportunity...


[click
 on  below    photos    to             enlarge]






[click
 on  below    photos    to             enlarge]

                                                 cffca corporate partner
appreciation
                                                   thursday, december 8th,
 2022
                                                   christmas holiday luncheon


annual cffca corprorate partner appreciation 
                         / christmas luncheon held at the hilton altamonte 
 springs.

                                                   sixty-seven members and
 guests    were   present.     holiday     musicial     provided     by 
katie  pinder    brown,   piano party.

                                                   each corporate partner 
present     was   presented      with   a  cffca    custom    ceramic    
tile w/ logo    and  year.

[click on below photos to         
  enlarge]









                                                   cffca leadership
                                                                friday, october 
   14th,    2022
                                                                "leadership 
 in  today's     fire   service     "



[click on below photo to
           enlarge]




                                                         annual cffca leadership
    development       class    "leadership       in  today's     fire   service
     presented  by   tenzinga   performance  management       group.

                                                         forty-six [46] personnel 
    representing       16  agencies     were   in  attendance      at  this 
  day  long professional       development   class    held   at the altamonte 
    springs    hilton.




                                                         cffca meeting and
 program
                                                                thursday, 
october     13th,    2022
                                                                "annual 3rd 
 alarm    partner     showcase"


[click on below photo to
           enlarge]





                                                         annual 3rd alarm 
partner     showcase     held   at  the   altamonte      springs     hilton 
   on  october   13th,   2022.

                                                         sixteen [16] 3rd 
alarm    corporate      partners     were   present     to  showcase     their
   products and   services.   seventy-eight        [78] were    in attendance
   for    this  very    sucessful   venue...





                                                                   
                  
                                                             october 8th
and   9th,   2022



                                                             cffca meeting
 and   program
                                                                thursday, 
september      8th,   2022
                                                                "agency chiefs
   round    table    forum"


the monthly cffca business meeting and program
                                held at the hilton altamonte springs with
48   in   attendance.

                                                              program: agency 
  chief    round    table    forum    with   17  agencies     reporting  
   past   year accomplishments       and future   plans   for the coming 
   operational       year.

                                                              special recognition 
    of  chief    john   williamson's       retirement      from   orlando 
    international      airport   [oia].


[click on below photo to
           enlarge]




                                                              cffca meeting 
 and   program
                                                                thursday, 
august    11th,    2022
                                                                "safe haven 
 for   newborns"

the cffca monthly luncheon and program held 
                                 at the hilton altamonte springs on thursday, 
    august       11th,      2022     with     29   in attendance.

                                                                   program: 
 safe   haven    for   newborns     update
                                                                   presenter: 
  retired     fire   chief    lars   white,    safe   haven    for   newborns 
      fire      rescue   service    coordinator.                

                                                                chief white 
 presented      a  brief    overview     of  the   statewide      program 
    including        its history,    milestones     in  newborn   saves, current
     state     stautes,     and resources       available     to each   agency.
            

                                                                see our gallery 
   for   all   meeting     photos.

[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]




[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]



                                                                cffca july
 luncheon
                                                                   ffca edc 
 naples    venue
                                                                  sunday, 
july   17th,    2022

the cffca july luncheon was held on-site
                                 at the ffca edc in naples, fl  at the
  naples       grande       beach      resort       venue.    thirty-four
[34]  were  in   attendance     to   enjoy the    good  fellowship.

                                                                  informal
 presentations        and   greetings      were   given    by  cffca    president
      miller,          ffca   president  doug    riley,   ffca east   central
  director   chuck       bogle,     foundation     chair  jim  white, ffca
  ceo ray colburn,    and     fsfmo director    julius    halas.

                                                                  special 
thanks    were   extended     to  ngoc   huynh    at  ffca,    hospitality 
      staff      at  naples  grande,    and special  acknowledgments     
 to our lunch    co-sponsors:        bennett     fire products,  core, municipal
      emergency   services,    municipal   fire      equipment  co., and
rev  rtc.

                                                                  all special 
  guests    and   lunch    co-sponsors       were   presented      with  
a   cffca    logo    tile...

[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]




[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]

                                                                  cffca business
    meeting     and   program
                                                                   june 9th,
  2022
                                                                   "emergency 
  management      operational       update"


the cffca monthly luncheon and program held 
                                 at the hilton altamonte springs on thursday, 
    june     9th,     2022     with     44   in   attendance.

                                                                   program: 
 emergency      management
                                                                   presenter: 
  alan   harris,     seminole     county    emergency      manager

                                                                   several
 em  managers     were   in  attendance      from   city   of  orlando, 
   city    of  altamonte       springs,  seminole    county,   and lake 
 county...


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]



                                                                   cffca
business     meeting     and   program
                                                                      may 
12th,    2022
                                                                      "trench 
  rescue    operational       aar"


the cffca held its monthly business meeting
                                   and program on thursday, may 12th, 2022
 at   the    hilton       altamonte          springs        with  45 in attendance.
[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]






                                                                      the 
program     was   an  operational       incident     after-action       report 
   on    a  trench       rescue incident        that    happened on a
road      construction        site   in lake   county.     the presenters 
   [pictured     above]     were  lcfr division     stephen   davis  [special 
 ops   and   training]  and    special   ops lieutenant     andrew    boris. 
  presentation         consisted   of  a short video  as  a visual  incident 
  overview,   operational     methods     and   techniques   employed,  
 challenges    faced and   lessons    learned.              

                                                                      president 
   john   miller    [pictured      below    with   ocoee    fd  command  
  staff]     was   recognized   on   his  recent    retirement   serving 
  7 years  as   the   fire chief.    of    ocoee  fire  department.

                                                                      [click
  on  below    photos    to         enlarge]





                                                                      please
  browse    our   gallery     page   to  view   all   photos...


                                                                      cffca 
 business     meeting     and   program
                                                                       april
  14th,    2022
                                                                       "autism
   awareness      for   first    responders"


the cffca held its monthly meeting and program 
                                   on thursday, april 14th, 2022 at the hilton 
     altamonte          springs.

                                                                       the
 program     was   "autism     awareness      for   first    responders"
      presented          by  daniel       morales,  city    of orlando  fire
   department.    twenty-five      were       present   for a   very informative
  program    overview   on   how first    responders     should   deal  with
  incidents     involving   autistic    patients.
[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]







[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]

please browse our gallery page to view all 
                                   photos...



                                                                       cffca
  hosts    fl-usar-tf4
                                                                        
after-action       report
                                                                        
surfside     condo    collapse
                                                                        
march    24th,    2022


the cffca hosted the fl-usar-task force 4
team for a 3-hour presentation of their after-action report on operational 
                                    overview and lessons learned on the surfside 
       condo      collapse.

                                                                        
sixty-seven       [67]   chief    officers     from   throughout      the
  central     florida        area   were present    at this   very informative
     aar    overview.     the   presentation        speakers      were  district
chief    walter    lewis   [ofd] and retired      fire chief     dave downey
   [statewide    deputy   coordinator  serp].

                                                                        
key   topics    of  discussion      consisted      of  initial     ops  
considerations,             sustaining       long-term  events,     what
can  the   fl-usar     system  do?, and    how       fire chiefs  can   make
   the difference?


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]





[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]

see photo gallery to view all photos...


                                                                        
cffca    /  ffca               
                                                                        
   joint    east   central     regional     meeting
                                                                        
   march    10th,    2022


the cffca and ffca held its joint east central
                                      regional meeting at the hilton altamonte
     springs        on   march      10th,      2022     with     80 attendees
    present.

                                                                        
   meeting     highlights      were   as  follows:

                                                                        
   installation       of  new   cffca    officers     with   oath   of  office 
    administered            by  ffca  president    douglas     riley   [chief 
   will  watts  -   vice president;     chief    sean    wylam   -  district 
   1 director    orange;     chief  michael   peters  - district      2 director 
  seminole;    and  retired   chief   matt   mcgrew - district   5 director 
    retirees.

                                                                        
   cffca    president      presented      the   cffca    chief    craig 
  haun   leadership         award      for  2020    to retired  fire   chief
   matt mcgrew.    see                media      release.

                                                                        
   ffca   east   central     regional     meeting     facilitated       by
  ffca   ec  director       chief      chuck    bogle with   state  officials 
   and     ffca  officers       providing   informative         updates  
from  their   areas   of   responsibility.

                                                                        
   many   thanks    to  our   co-sponsors:       ten   8  fire   &  
 safety,      llc,   public     consulting   group,       and united   badges 
  insurance       services.
                                                                        
   date(s):     march    10th,    2022.    album    by  central     fl  fire 
   chiefs'      association.          photos    by bruno.    1 - 84 of 84 
  total.   2 visits.

[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]








[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]

please visit our gallery page to see all
photos...






                                                                        
   cffca    meeting     /  program                 
                                                                        
     election     of  new   officers,      award    presentations,      
  
                                                                        
     retirees     round-up,      and   haz   mat   awareness
                                                                        
       february     10th,    2022



the monthly cffca business meeting / program
                                       was held on february 10th at the hilton
     altamonte          springs        with     62   in   attendance.

                                                                        
     new   2022   officers     were   elected     as  follows:     [chief 
   watts    -  vice     president;          chief peters     - district 2
  director     representing         seminole;         chief swanson     -
 district 4   director representing    lake;     and     retired chief  
mcgrew     - district      5 director  representing  retirees.          
congrats are in    order with their  official       installation   and  
 oath  of   office being    administered   at  the march 10th general   
   meeting. two-year     term   of office is effective     april 1st, 2022.

                                                                        
     distinguished        service     eagle    award    was   presented 
    to  seminole     county         fd  for     achieving    iso class  
1   status  effective      february       1st,   2022..     congrats    
 are  in order!     see photo below.

                                                                        
     retirement      and   outgoing     board    member    plaques     were 
   presented      to   chief      cornier.       congrats    and many   thanks 
   for   your    service!  see     photos    below.

programs:

                                                                        
     annual    cffca    retiree     round-up     with   13  present     collectively
         representing          well over  400   years   of career service.
     each retiree    was      recognized   and     given     an   opportunity
     to share   highlights    of their    career     [and retirement].  
     see  group  photo below.

                                                                        
     haz   mat   awareness      for   chief    officers     was   presented 
      by   bob   coshignano,         retired    lieut   ofd. many     thanks 
    for an informative         presentation.

                                                                        
     seminole     county     fd     special     ops   squad    2  and
    mobile          lab    support    unit  were on   display.   many 
  thanks   to  the    crews for bringing       these    units   to  the meeting
    for  all to    see  the units and equipment.

                                                                        
     please    go  to  our   gallery     tab   to  browse    all   meeting
     photos...


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]

                                                                        
     cffca    program     on  human    trafficking        from   a  personal
      perspective
                                                                        
       january     13th,    2022


                                                                        
       the   cffca    held   its   monthly     business     meeting     and 
   program       at  the    hilton      altamonte     springs with     39 
in  attendance.

                                                                        
       the   program     was   "human    trafficking       from   a  personal 
      perspective"         presented       by tina kadolph,      co-founder
      and president     of love missions        global.

                                                                        
       chief    craig    radzak    [cffca    vp]   was   presented      board 
     appreciation          plaque     and  fire    chief   retirement   plaque 
      by  cffca  president      john  miller.      chief    will    watts, 
  cffca   vice  president    and   chief  sean  wylam, cffca    district 
    1  director     were   also  recognized      by president  miller   for
  their    interim    board    appointments.

                                                                        
       a  special     thanks    was   extended     to  our   corporate  
   partner        core    for   restocking          us with    hand  sanitizers 
   for  the     tables...

                                                                        
       please    visit    our   gallery     page   to  browse    meeting
    photos...


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]




[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]


[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]



                                                                        
       annual    cffca    corporate      partner
                                                                        
           holiday     appreciation        luncheon


on thursday, december 9th, the
                                          cffca held its annual corporate
partner        holiday        appreciation                         luncheon              at the hilton
                - altamonte             springs with fifty-eight   [58] 
   in     membership           attendance. 

                                                                        
           each   corporate      partner     was   presented      with  
a   custom       ceramic       logo    tile    in  recognition     of their
  partnership         level:   1st    alarm,    2nd     alarm,   and 3rd
   alarm.

                                                                        
           christmas      holiday     music    was   provided     by  pianoparty
         llc   with     katie    pinder       brown   as   the pianist. 
   a  slide   show was   also   presented                            cffca  
                                         2021 year in review.

                                                                        
           please    visit    our   gallery     page   to  enjoy    all 
 meeting         event    photos.

[click on below photos to
                                          enlarge]








                                                                        
           cffca    program     presentation       on  nfpa     1851   ppe
   and     the   impacts        of    changes     2020    edition


monthly cffca meeting / program held at
the hilton altamonte springs with 35 in attendance including a special visitor
                                            from phoenix fd [az] - jason
miller,        captain,         who    was    accompanying             our
   program       speakers.

                                                                        
               chaplain's      message     was   about    thanksgiving  
    and     veterans       day   followed       by   the    invocation  
 and  pledge     of   allegiance.      all veterans       in   attendance 
     were   given     a complimentary      lunch pass    at  the door  with 
   an    anonymous      donor    underwriting        those  costs.

                                                                        
               distinuished       service     awards    were   presented
     to   maitland        fr  [iso     class     1],      lake mary    fd 
[accreditation],           and mount dora     fd   [accreditation].      
   congrats        are  in  order!

                                                                        
               program:     nfpa   1851   ppe   and   impact    of  changes 
     in   the     2020   edition         presented       by tonya  herbert, 
      florida   ppe     services  and    jim   davis, nfpa      tech committe 
       [decon].

please go to our gallery tab to browse all
                                            photos...



[click on photos to enlarge]







[click on photos to enlarge]



 
                                                                        
               [click    on  photos    to  enlarge]

                                                                        
               cffca    reinstates                  
                                                                        
                 annual    3rd   alarm    corporate      partner     showcase



[click on photos to enlarge]




                                                                        
                 the   cffca    reinstated      its   annual    3rd   alarm 
    partner         showcase       on   thursday,       october   14th  at
   the  hilton   altamonte     springs.

                                                                        
                  fifteen     [15]   3rd   alarm    corporate      partners 
     participated            in    the   showcase        marketing    their 
    services   and   products.

                                                                        
                  showcase     was   very   well   attended     with   eighty-three 
           [83]   present...go 
          to   the gallery   to browse                   all showcase photos.


                                                                        
                    9-11   twenty    years    of  remembrance
                                                                        
                    memorial     rededication

[click on photos to enlarge]


[click                  
      on photos                   to enlarge]


[click                  
      on photos                   to enlarge]


[click                  
      on photos                   to enlarge]


[click                  
      on photos                   to enlarge]

the cffca in conjunction with the hilton 
                                              altamonte springs held a 9-11 
  memorial         rededication             ceremony         "twenty     
  years     of   remembrance"    on thursday,          september   9th  
at    its   regularly       scheduled        meeting    at   the    hilton.

                                                                        
                    numerous     agencies,      officials      and   dignitaries
          were     present     at  this   special        event.    we  shall
     never   forget      that    "all   gave some  and   some    gave   all".

                                                                        
                    special     thanks    to  the   seminole     county 
  fd   honor       guard      and   orlando       firefighters        pipe
   &    drum.       our  gratitude      is also     extended   to our
     9-11   memorial      rededication         ceremony    lunch  sponsors:
                 

core construction services
                                                                        
                    municipal      equipment      company     [meco]
                                                                        
                    municipal      emergency      services     [mes]
                                                                        
                    united    badges    insurance      services




please see our gallery for all photos...


                                                                        
                    lessons     learned
                                                                        
                     cfai   accreditation        deferment      process


the cffca monthly business meeting and program
                                               was held at the hilton - altamonte
        springs        on   thursday,          august       12th,      2021.
       the program    presentation       was "lessons        learned  - 
cfai         accreditation         deferment       process". the  program
     was    presented    by   maitland    fire rescue          fire chief
 will   watts,         deputy chief chris    morton,  and   special    guest
  cpse    director    karl     ristow   [pictured   below].    forty-four
      [44] chief  officers       were    in attendance     with  18 agencies
   represented     .  our   ffca east central       regional    director
-  chief   chuck   bogle   was    also  in attendance for    the    presentation.

                                                                        
                           please    visit    our   gallery     page   for
   all     meeting         photos...


[click 
                          on  photo    to  enlarge]


[click on photo to enlarge]


[click 
                          on  photo    to  enlarge]

                                                                        
                     dr.      jimmy    knott     speaks       at  july 
   8th,     2021     cffca     general      membership        meeting

[click 
                             on  photo    to  enlarge]


[click        on
  photo       to   enlarge]


dr. jimmy knott, teaching pastor - first
                                                  baptist church orlando,
delivered          a  dynamic        audience-engaged                 message
       during           a presentation        on "it's all about   leadership"!        his message was: be  a leader
that is worth following. topics discussed      included  general condition
  of leadership in america, the importance   of   leadership,  ability to
lead and  its impact on influence, success,  and effectiveness.         
      

                                                                        
                           please    visit    our   gallery     page   for
   meeting         photos...


                                                                        
                           cffca      hosts
                                                                        
                                ffca   east   central     regional     meeting

[click   
    on   photo       to   enlarge]





                                                                        
                                on  june   10th   the   cffca    hosted 
  the     ffca     east     central         regional        meeting     at   the altamonte      springs 
  hilton.

                                                                        
                                fifty-four      were   in  attendance   
  for     this     regional         update.       due   to    covid-19, 
       this   was   the   first     face-to-face      meeting       with
our     ffca     officers     and   state           officials      since
2019.        the  update      included      reports        from  the  ffca
  leadership,        ffca   foundation,     state    fire     marshal's 
     office,    state   fire    college,  and     serp.

                                                                        
                               many   thanks    to  the   ffca   meeting
    sponsors         ten     8   and     united      badges       insurance 
       services.

                                                                        
                                go  to  our   gallery     page   to  browse 
    meeting         photos...


                                                                        
                                cffca    meeting     /  program     may 
 8th,     2021


the
                                                     cffca monthly "mask
to   mask"      meeting        was    held     on-site        at   the  
 altamonte            springs      hilton.     the program     "best foot
    forward      - pedestrian    safety"       was     presented      by
roni wood,     community     outreach     specialist,        with 30   in
 attendance.



[click on photo to enlarge]




                                                                        
                                 cffca    meeting     /  program     april
    8th,     2021


the
                                                     cffca monthly "mask
to   mask"      meeting        was    held     on-site        at   the  
 altamonte            springs      hilton.     the program     was presented
       by    the   central    florida        disaster           medical 
    coalition     with    25   in  attendance.

[click on photo to enlarge]







                                                                        
                                 new   cffca    officers     installed


the 
                                                       newly elected  cffca 
       officers         for    2021     were     given      their      oath 
      of   office       during    an  installation      ceremony    held 
   march   11th,      2021.    the   cffca    chaplain     rick  spence 
officiated            the installation         ceremony   and   administered 
       the     oath    of office.      the    new officers,     effective 
 april   1st,       are  as follows:

[click on photo to enlarge]





chief john miller - president 
                                                                        
                                      chief    will   watts    -  district
     1   director         [orange         county      rep]
                                                                        
                                      chief    jim   walls    -  district 
    3   director         [osceola         county      rep]

congrats are in order!





cffca outgoing district 1 director [orange 
                                                       county rep] chief matt
    mcgrew       was    recognized           for    his    distinuished 
           board           service    2019-2021.
[click on photo to enlarge]






                                                                        
                                      march    2021   update


it has been going on a very long year since 
                                                         we last met face-to-face 
        at   the    hilton       due    to   the    covid-19         pandemic. 
              it   is  now time     to come    back   together    under a 
 "new         normal"     set of   health         and   safety   protocols.

                                                                        
                                          in  this   regard,     please 
                          mark          and     save     the    date 
 of   march        11th,    2021   for  on-site     "mask-to-mask"      
      meeting      at  the hilton.       meet   and  greet   the   newly
      appointed           fire chiefs   here   in   central      florida.

two-part 
        program:             installation             of   newly    elected
         cffca     officers         and  cffca     agency       chiefs  
roundtable               updates.

                                                                        
                                          more   detailed     information 
      will     be   forthcoming             via     membership        email
         notice.


                                                                        
                                          february     2021   update


the february 11th, 2021 cffca 
                                                          business meeting 
 at   the    hilton       has    been     cancelled.           the    board 
      will       be   discussing            a more    realistic restart  
     date  of     march  11th,      2021.                               
           please                     mark   and   save   
 the date    of  march  11th, 2021   for    on-site      meeting        at
 the      hilton,       dependent    on the   pandemic    situation   and
  vaccination          progress.                                  


                                                                        
                                             december     2020   update


greetings and hope this finds all our members, 
                                                           their families 
and    organizations              safe     and    well...

                                                                        
                                              the   annual    december  
  christmas           social       luncheon         has     been   cancelled
         with        great   disappointment,           but     it is   best
    to just   ride        out 2020   and   start    fresh      in  2021...

                                                                        
                                              to  say   the   year   2020 
  has     been     a   very     challenging             and    stressful 
      time       for      us all   would   be  an  understatement,      
     but    we   stayed       the   course        in a gallant      effort 
   to   provide     those    mission      critical      services    to  each 
     of   our  communities          here   in  central      florida     in 
 an exemplary     manner.    although       we have not  been      able  to
 meet for   our   monthly    meetings    since this past      february  
 due to the     covid-19      pandemic,     we did   successfully      hold
 four     [4]   zoom meeting      presentations           for our   membership
  and we hope   that those      virtual  gatherings     served        an
informative         purpose   to all   who were  able   to  join  and participate.

                                                                        
                                              in  light    of  the   above, 
    the     board       will     be   considering             the   restart 
          of   our    monthly     business      meetings       on  site at 
 the  altamonte             springs      hilton     on  thursday,        january
      14th,   2021    at 11:30am      so please       mark   and save   
  on   your    calendars       for  your    attendance      – pending   final
      board    approval.     the   cffca and     the hilton    will    provide
  a  safe     meeting    environment      following    all  cdc    guidelines
       for   social     distancing,    face  coverings,    food     prep,
 banquet     services,      and sanitation practices.                  

                                                                        
                                              until    our   “mask-to-mask” 
        january         meeting,         cffca       president        john
      miller     and        the   board   extends        a  warm   and  
safe       christmas/new       year    holiday         season       to  all... 
     stay well     and        safe, and  god bless!



                                                                        
                                              november     2020   update


 our intent to restart our on-site business 
                                                            meetings at the 
  hilton              did    not    pan    out    due    to   mass  
  gatherings           and       social     distancing       guidelines 
    were   still   in    place.    the board     of   directors         
 will revisit       this      subject    matter   under     the state’s 
  covid-19      phase    3  re-opening              plan to   determine 
    when  to  consider a    safe restart   of  our    monthly        meetings 
     on-site  at  the   hilton.    this  has  caused    us to   cancel   
the    annual 3rd  alarm         partner  showcase      and potentially 
   our december      christmas       social   and corp     partner   appreciation. 
     the year  2020   has    certainily      been challenging      time  
 for us  all  and continues      to   be a moving  target    at  this  point.

                                                                        
                                                 once   determined      by
  the     board,       please       rest     assured         that   on-site 
      meetings           will   be  conducted       in  strict       accordance 
     with    the    most current              cdc     or local     authority 
         guidelines       concerning    group   gatherings          and  social
     distancing.         the  hilton     is and remains   well-prepared 
        to  offer  a venue    that  is     safe with   the  utmost social 
  distancing     compliance      measures   in  place.

[recent activites recap]


                                                                        
                                                the   cffca    held   a 
zoom     tele-conference                 "state       of   florida      and
  regional          covid-19        update"     on  june      11th.    it
was   well  attended      with    61   conference         call attendees.
         state,      regional,     and  local   officials        provided
   an update       as   to   the  covid-19        impact    on   operations, 
 current       status,    and  future     plans.

                                                                        
                                                 on  july   16th   hosted 
   a   virtual         tele-conference                 zoom     meeting  
    which       focused             on covid-19        lessons     learned
       and    best     practices          within     our    4-county    
 area          of   orange, seminole,             osceola,    and   lake.
     each  district         director    reported         out on their   
  respective        county  districts      concerning        covid-19   
 operations,     including          special  “best    practices”       presentations
       from orange    county  fire   rescue,    orlando    fire  department,
    lake    county   fire    rescue,  and groveland     fire     department.

                                                                        
                                                 on  september      10th, 
   the     cffca       hosted       another         zoom     virtual     
 presentation               on  “coping      with  stress         and  anxiety 
      during      covid-19”       with    the    presenter      being    
  kendra     davies     from   stellar   life      coaching.            
      

state of the state and region
                                                                        
                                                        covid-19     update 
    tele-conference
                                                                        
                                                        june   11th,    2020
                            [11am             -   12:30pm]
                                                                        
                                                                       
                                        

on june 11th, 2020 the cffca, in comjunction 
                                                                with the florida
       fire     chiefs'        association            and    valencia   
     college           school         of   public  safety,        is  hosting
      a 90-minute            tele-conference                on   the state
        of  the   state         and region covid-19.        this virtual
   meeting      via  a zoom    link       will  provide   for    a  safe
  social distancing   environment              for  the cffca  /  ffca  
  participating           members.                   the           tele-conference   
        informational                flyer with      link   will be   emailed 
           to   the cffca    membership     and    the    ffca     east central 
       region     members   on or about    friday,          may  29th,   2020.
          this   virtual        meeting  will  serve   as   the    ffca 
  ec   regional update  that     was   cancelled       this        past
 march       due to covid-19.

                                                                        
                                                        as  we  move   forward
       with     ramping         back     up   our     monthly         business 
           meetings,         we   will do   so   in  a  safe    and  responsible
          manner         in       cooperation        with      the 
 hilton.                               

                                                                        
                                                        for   planning  
  purposes,           the     membership           should       anticipate
         another           virtual        meeting     during   july  with
      hopes that     our   on-site    business   meetings           at  
the    hilton     starting        back  up  in  august,      but  only  
 if safe     to  do so  and     in accordance       with any  cdc  or   local
   authority       guidelines.






cffca                 president        
  suspends             all     cffca     monthly          meetings      
 and    related         gatherings           indefinitely
effective                         march
      12th,       2020

the cffca hopes and prays that our agencies,
                                                                  their personnel,
         and    family       members        remain       safe     and   
vigilant                 during       this     unprecedented        time
    in our    history.            god bless      all    of    you for  your
      front-line            valor       and tireless          service  to
 your   communities.            the  illustrative            graphic    
  above      speaks for   itself       without      any further      editorial
         needed.     we also     appreciate      our    corporate       
partners   for the     continued       assistance    with  special   needs
       and   keeping       the supply        chain   moving  wherever  possible.

                                                                        
                                                           in  response 
   to   the     covid-19         national         pandemic,           cffca 
      monthly        meetings          and  other       related group    
  gatherings,         including    the   cols-ii      symposium     that 
     was  scheduled          during the     month   of may,    have     all
   been  indefinitely              suspended.                           
         

                                                                        
                                                           the   board  
 will     continue         to   meet     monthly         via     go   to
  meeting          conference                call      method   to   insure 
   that   cffca     business        matters    are      carried   out.   the
   board    will      determine        a  very   measured        approach 
        following       all  subsequent          cdc     guidelines      
 on how the   cffca          may conduct     business     safely   in the 
  future    once    this   pandemic       is   behind     us.

                                                                        
                                                           should    any
  of   our     firefighters             or   members         contract   
     covid-19,             please      know     that   they    will     
 remain   in  our        daily thoughts           and  healing         prayers 
  for       a full       and   healthy   recovery.     our cffca    chaplain 
     stands    ready       to assist       if and when     called   upon 
 or  the need     arises.

                                                                        
                                                           god   bless  
 america!                                 

                                                                        
                                                           sincerely,

john         miller
                                                                        
                                                           cffca    president

 

                                                                        
                                                            cffca/ffca  
   joint       east     central         regional         meeting        
03/12/2020
cancelled


in
                                                                   response
  to   the    dynamic        and    changing          covid-19     
         pandemic            and       in     an   abundance          of
precautiom      for    our       members         and guests,         this
  meeting            has  been      cancelled         until further     
  notice. further          information       will  be   forthcoming     
        through membership            email concerning           future meetings
      and      events.


                                                                        
                                                             2020       
                                       cffca       retiree         group
    photo
 [click
                                                               on  photo
   to    enlarge]


                                                                        
                                                                  photo 
  collectively             represents           over     447     years  
    of   career     service.           thank         you  for    your   
selfless      service         to our       central   florida          communities.


cffca meeting / program

february                 13th,   
   2020


the monthly meeting of february 13th served 
                                                                     as our 
  annual       cffca      retiree        round      up   [photo       above], 
         election            of   new       officers,         and  a very 
  informative       program              by core   on    clean     public 
      safety     building.

                                                                        
                                                                  newly 
  elected         officers         in   accordance           with     bylaws
       are:

vice president - chief craig radzak [re-elected]
                                                                        
                                                                  district
     2   [seminole]           -   chief       frank       cornier       
 [re-elected]
                                                                        
                                                                  district
     4   [lake]       -   chief       mike     swanson         [re-elected]
                                                                        
                                                                  district
     5   [retirees]           -   retired         chief       charlie   
     chapman


                                                                        
                                                                  the   above 
     officers         will     be   duly     sworn-in         and     installed
             at    the      cffca      march      12th,   2020     general
    meeting.

                                                                        
                                                                  the   program 
       "clean       psb"     presented           by   core     focused   
     on  the     industrey              collaborative                that 
    is   addressing              the  design    and  construction        
      needs  of       fire  stations         to   safeguard     fire rescue
             personnel     from    the  exposures        of   bio-hazard
    waste  and       carcinogens.                                       
               


                                                                        
                                                                   [click
                           on    photo          to    enlarge]



cffca meeting / program

agency               round       table 
        briefings
                                                                        
                                                                        
   january         9th,     2020


happy new year to all!

                                                                        
                                                                      the 
  cffca's         first       business         meeting         /   program 
         of     the     new      year,     january            9th,     2020, 
     was held          at  the    hilton    orlando/altamonte            
      springs.           this  meeting               served      as  an 
 agency    round          table    briefing       for   the   membership. 
         each  agency               chief    or     their   represenative 
     orally        presented             an  update   briefing           
   on each     of their     organizations.

                                                                        
                                                                      eighteen
       [18]     agencies         provided         a   very     informative
             update     on     their       respective              agencies 
          to  the    48     members   in  attendance.


                                                                        
                                                                      [click
     on   image       to   enlarge]





                                                                        
                                                                     thank
    you     to   the     following           agencies         that     participated:

sanford fd
                                                                        
                                                                      kissimmee 
        fd
                                                                        
                                                                      lake
   mary     fr
                                                                        
                                                                      st. 
  cloud       fr
                                                                        
                                                                      orlando 
      fd
                                                                        
                                                                      clermont
       fd
                                                                        
                                                                      seminole
       county       fd
                                                                        
                                                                      apopka
     fd
                                                                        
                                                                      ocoee 
    fd
                                                                        
                                                                      winter
     garden       fr
                                                                        
                                                                      orange
     county       fr
                                                                        
                                                                      forrestry 
        services
                                                                        
                                                                      maitland
       fr
                                                                        
                                                                      lake
   county       fr
                                                                        
                                                                      eustis
     fd
                                                                        
                                                                      mount 
    dora     fd
                                                                        
                                                                      ffca
   serp
                                                                        
                                                                      fsfmo 
    ff   safety       section



 remaining meeting / program photos can
be found on the gallery page.


                                                                        
                                                                      cffca 
    meeting         /   program

corporate partner appreciation
                                                                        
                                                                        
   december         19th,       2019


                                                                        
                                                                        
   the     cffca       held     its     annual       christmas          
luncheon           and        corporate           partner         appreciation
             on december                19th,        2019   at      the 
hilton     altamonte               springs     with        53 in attendance.

[click on image to enlarge]





                                                                        
                                                                        
   each     corporate           partner         was     recognized      
    by   cffca         president               john     miller         and
    presented          with   a custom               cffca   logo       ceramic 
  tile   for       their         gracious            support       throughout 
         the   year.


[click               
   on    image          to    enlarge]






                                                                        
                                                                        
      cffca       leadership           seminar

                                                                        
                                                                        
               "maintaining             leadership           credibility" 
                                                
                                                                        
                                                                        
              october         22nd,       2019

                                                                        
                                                                        
              dr.     larry       ritcey       -   presenter


the cffca held a 1-day leadership seminar
                                                                        
       at   the    hilton       on   tuesday,         october        22nd,
     2019      with        47    officers              in     attendance
           and 21   agencies        represented.

                                                                        
                                                                        
              thank       you     to   our     seminar         co-sponsors:

                                                                        
                                                                        
              tony     apfelbeck
                                                                        
                                                                        
              fisher       safety
                                                                        
                                                                        
              core     construction             services
                                                                        
                                                                        
              north       american         fire     equipment           company

please visit our gallery for all seminar
                                                                        
       photos...




     
             [click          on    photos          to   enlarge]




         [click
      on    photos          to    enlarge]




                                                                        
                                                                        
               [click       on   photos       to   enlarge]


cffca       
       9-11       memorial             at    the      hilton
                                                                        
                                                                        
                updated         with     the     addition         of   the
                                         
                                                                        
                                                                        
                florida         ff   lodd      art           piece 
     entitled:                                        

"the           final 
        alarm"



go to gallery page to view all photos















florida 
                     fallen          ff    memorial             unveiling
state
             capitol             building             -    tallahassee
                                                                        
                                                                        
                               april       1st.     2019


ffca/cffca president john miller
                                                                        
                attended         the    fallen       ff   memorial      
  ceremony                at   the      state        capitol          where
       the        newly     dedicated        fallen      ff memorial    
 was    unveiled        in   the          presence         of  hundreds 
             of   fire      officials,     dignataries,          and surviving
        family  members                      of the fallen.



                                                                        
                                                                        
                                 [click       on   photos       to   enlarge]



[photo
                                     l    to    r:   ray     colburn    
   -            ffca         ceo,        chief      john         miller
         -   ffca/cffca             president,             chief        
                                       julie
                                                downey  -   ffca   
fire     chief        of   the     year,        and      chief          otto
    drozd         -  2nd        vice    president         iafc.]





                            please browse
                                                                        
                                all
                                                                        
                      photos           on   our    gallery        page...







     [click on photos to enlarge]





                 [click         
on     photos             to    enlarge]







cffca
                                                                        
                                           2017     in   review
photo
                      presentation
 link

                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
            [large          file       -    60    seconds             or
   less         to    upload]






please       visit       our    gallery     to 
 see             additional                           photos....         
                      



 

 [click on below image
for link to vc-sps]






 


                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          [click          on    above          image    
     for         link         to    vc-sps]




 







spotlight
 
cffca
                                                                        
                                                                    fire
  chief       craig       haun
                                                                        
                                                                    leadership
        award       process         link
 
in loving memory


    rick stilp
    retired fire chief
    cffca member
    date of death
    january 27th, 2024

congrats
are in order



lake mary fire dept
chief mike johansmeyer
[2] distinuished service eagle awards
iso class 1 
and
ambulance accreditation
january 2024



seminole county fd
chief matt kinley
 distinuished service eagle award
fire accreditation [cfai]
 february 2024


kissimmee fd
 chief jim walls
 distinuished service eagle award
fire accreditation [cfai]
 february 2024



     jim dickerson
                                    fire chief retired
                                    lake county fire rescue

                                    40 total service years

                                    january 2nd, 2024





                                            jim dickerson
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                           fire                   chief
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
lake   county    office    of  fire   rescue
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                  2022     award        recipient
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          fire       chief          craig          e.   
haun
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          leadership                award



 

 


downloads
get adobe acrobat reader


[ document                                   
                                 downloads     ]

corporation 
                                                 certificate             
                                     2023

2022  
                                                                        
                          in   review       photo      journal
bod minutes [05-04-2023]

general minutes [05-11-2023]
cffca 
      bylaws


annual       
            report               2022-23



2019-23
                                                                        
                                               strategic            focus

[re-adopted 08/04/22]

program              
  reference               materials




transitional fire attack
                                                                        
                                                 -  ul   study          
                   [2014]

hydrogen homemade
                                                                        
                                                 fuel                 [2014]

floridanet 
                        initiative                                       
         -  overview                                                    
        [2014]

floridanet 
                    - how to                          participate [2014]

firefighterwife.com 
                    ppt [2014]

usar 
                                                                         
                                                fl   tf4                
           [website                  link]

social 
            media                            policy                      
     templates

truss marking
                                                                        
                                                 follow-up          report

light-weight 
                                                                         
                                                truss      roundtable
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          february             25,       2010

irc residential sprinkler
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          discussion                guide

irc 
                                                                         
                                                residential            sprinkler 
                powerpoint                    presentation









click on fdny343 as a link to the local fdny343.org 
                                                     located in the villages,fl.

                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                   
                 [ click on below logo for link to supplier ]







red sky
                                                                        
                                                                        
                                                                        
                          we    shall          never          forget...






[ click
                                                                        
                                                 on   logo     to   visit
     safe        haven          web      site        ]


 cffca is a supporting partner
                                                                        
                                                 of          safe  
  haven          for      newborns.                  public            awareness
             signs               with            the        above       
logo         have been         installed  on       all      participating
                   fire    station           facilities                 
  throughout                   the        central   florida    area     
   of     orange,       seminole,                 osceola,    and     lake
    counties.











































































































































































































































































