





	vermont achievement center 	









































































 






home
employment
programs and services

child care support services

child care support services
child care financial assistance program
children’s integrated services  specialized childcare (cis)
child care referral services
information for your family


early education and care

early education and care
kaleidescope summer program


mitchell therapy pool@vac
sheldon academy

asd program
sheldon academy
sheldon academy’s therapeutic summer program
vac community garden




about vac

board of directors
mission and history


support vac

donate!
charitable annuity and gifts of stock
corporate giving/donation form
giving
leadership giving
planned giving
other ways to help


resources

facebook
donate!
employment


contact us!
donate!





 





home
vac-admin
2014-05-29t14:39:02-04:00

  the proper time to influence the character of a child is about a hundred years before they are born.-w.r. inge     
                                                                                 
   
vision statement
vermont achievement center continues to  evolve to meet the dynamic needs of people we serve through the commitment of our staff, volunteers, collaborative partners and board by creating opportunities to live, work and play in our ever-changing community.
action plan
vermont achievement center strives to be a catalyst in transforming our community through advocacy, education and empowerment. vac fosters a workplace of mutual support, respect and collaboration to bring out the best in our staff in order to ensure high quality services and programs.
vac provides the foundations and builds positive life skills to prepare our program participants for successful tomorrows.

all people are capable of success.
individuals flourish because they are nurtured, valued and treated with respect.
education is empowering.
families are enhanced by support of the community.
children and family services are flexible and responsive to changing needs.

through flexible, diverse and responsive programs, vac provides a foundation of life skills to prepare individuals to reach their full potential as contributing members of society:

special education
early education and child care
water safety and swim lessons

    supportive • reliable • trustworthy










 early education and care | sheldon academy | child care support services | childrens integrated services | mitchell therapy pool | donate!

 

 
 

 
 








vermont achievement center, 88 park street, rutland vt 05701 - tel: 802-775-2395 - fax: 802-773-9656  






























