



indira gandhi advance  training institute













































  
  
  
  
  







email id : igati.com@gmail.com




phone no. : +91-8505996659




 download brochure










home

about us


franchise
courses

computer education

long term course
short term course
 
university

coaching

shorthand

hidni & english
 


result
 gallery 

photo gallery
video gallery


suggestions 
enquiry
contact us













    युवाओं को आर्थिक रूप से आत्म-निर्भर बनाने के लिए कम्प्यूटर कोर्स











our institute
our institute dedicate to late indira priyadarshini gandhi who is the first woman prime minister of india. she was not the woman who dominated indian politics but also the extraordinary influence on world politics left the horizon. 



 our mission
  our mission studied their theme properly and decided to provide better higher technical education in computer making a foundation of "indira gandhi advance training institute". 



university experience
the main function of the trust is to provide higher technical education in nominal charges for every group of trust of urban & rural areas all over india and get success in computer revolution which is the main dream of indian govt. 



offer courses

free spoken english & personality development classes, 
highly qualified & experienced faculty, 
flexible timings (also sat/sun classes),
personal assistance 








notification


 



course
⇒  coa (certificate in office     automation) ⇒ 
adoa(advance diploma in office      automation)⇒  
dtp (desktop publishing )⇒  
dwd(diploma in web designing ) ⇒  
dfa(diploma in financial      accounting) ⇒  
adca (advance diploma in      computer application)⇒  
adfa (advance diploma in      financial accounting ) ⇒  
adhn(advance diploma in      hardware networking) ⇒  
adgd(advance diploma in      graphic designing)⇒  
ctt(computer teacher training)⇒  
ntt(nursery teacher training )⇒  
ptt (primary teacher training)⇒  
short term course⇒  
ms-office,ms-word⇒  
ms-excel⇒  
ms-powerpoint⇒  
ms-access⇒  
core/advance java⇒  
c,c++ language⇒  
html, css, php⇒  
macromedia flash,dreamweaver⇒  
java scripting ⇒  
basic tally⇒  
intermediate tally⇒  
photoshop⇒  
coreldraw⇒  
pagemaker⇒  
illustrator⇒  
.net
    
dance forms
⇒  
western dance

⇒   bollywood dance

⇒   hip hop
⇒   break dance

⇒   contemporary

⇒   salsa

⇒   semi classical

⇒  freak-out

⇒  aerobic exercise
    
    
franchise



 

















welcome to indira gandhi advance training institute 
 indira gandhi advance training institute has been registered under the trust  & act 1882 under section 17 vide reg. no. 1396  from govt. of  n.c.t. delhi of india working in different fields of programme & commercial training conducted by the state government & central government to approach every class of the trust. trust is also certified by iso 9001: 2008 org. the institute is also registered from the industrial department to conduct the various technical programs under the govt. schemes.
  

our institute dedicate to late indira priyadarshini gandhi who is the first woman prime minister of india. she was not the woman who dominated indian politics but also the extraordinary influence on world politics left the horizon. that is why they are referred to as iron lady. indira gandhi was born into the nehru family. she was india's first prime minister jawaharlal nehru's only child. indira priyadarshini gandhi is known today not only because she was the daughter of jawaharlal nehru, indira gandhi, but also for their talent and political perseverance "vishwarajniti's history will always known.
the main function of the trust is to provide higher technical education in nominal charges for every group of trust of urban & rural areas all over india and get success in computer revolution which is the main dream of indian govt.

 










why join igati?




free spoken english & personality development classes.







highly qualified & experienced faculty







flexible timings (also sat/sun classes)







personal assistance 
read more






why igati is better than others?

in present time, some big institution run their one-year or more than one-year programme in higher charges. due to which the middle class families of our societies cannot afford the load of their charges. our mission studied their theme properly and decided to provide better higher technical education in computer making a foundation of "indira gandhi advance training institute".
 
  this mission is run by the "indira gandhi advance training institute” all over india.













videos 







our gallery 

















information

home
about us
franchise
courses
result





 

photo gallery
video gallery
enquiry
contact us
suggestions 





about us
indira gandhi advance training institute has been registered under the trust  & act 1882 under section 17 vide reg. no. 1396  from govt. of  n.c.t. delhi  of india. our mission of providing best quality computer education to all classes of people at a very reasonable fee structure. read more +




contact us

phone no. : +91-8505996659
email id : igati.com@gmail.com
add : z-128, 2nd floor, main market mohammadpur, behind community hall near bhikaji cama place new delhi-110066
















