




home page | consortium for energy efficiency











































about






about


board and staff


how we work


the story of cee


news


careers





members






members


member benefits


member directory


meetings





specifications and qpls






specifications and qpls


what is a cee resource?


cee and the inflation reduction act 


cee tiers and energy star





success stories






success stories


golden carrots: the beginning


forging a credible product test


advancing efficiency product by product


reaching up the distribution chain


decision tools for the decision makers


cee directory: the clearing-house for residential hvac


lighting for tomorrow: making high tech high design


the integrated home


faqs





program insights






program insights


integrated demand side management connect to value


strategic energy management - the business of energy management


commercial kitchen ventilation - demonstrating savings in the field


natural gas at cee - opportunities for program administrators


evaluation


annual industry reports


national awareness of energy star


emerging technologies





contact











								collaboration with hvac industry produces resources for efficient heat pump installations
							

find out more 





































news & updates





									1/2/25
								


										do you have an award-winning connected product? enter the 2025 integrated home competition today!
									

learn more




									12/16/24
								


										2025 cee performance requirements for hvac and water heaters integrate federal and utility incentives to increase adoption of high performing heat pumps
									

learn more




									10/8/24
								


										cee launches new commercial heat pump water heating qualified product list
									

learn more












cee and the ira





initiatives, summaries and qpls





the new cee forum










































cee is the us and canadian consortium of natural gas and electric efficiency program administrators. we work together to accelerate the development and availability of energy efficient products and services for lasting public benefit.














residential








commercial








industrial














evaluation & research








emerging technologies








cee & and the ira










cee integrated homesm










opportunity

the cee integrated home is a connected, fuel neutral, grid and distribution system interactive, efficient home where devices and systems seamlessly communicate to optimize value for both consumers and the utility grid and distribution systems.


learn more















the cee forum
a collaborative workspace for members and invited stakeholders of the consortium for energy efficiency

										join the conversation
										
















"through cee, program administrators repeatedly get the attention of manufacturers and move markets forward. as energy efficiency becomes a key part of customer solutions, cee has the relationships and process to deliver market access."
– mike stockard, oncor


learn more about member benefits








back to top














									consortium for energy efficiency, inc.
									ferncroft corporate center,
									35 village road
                                    middleton, ma 01949
								






home page
about
members
specifications and qpls
success stories
program insights
contact






















							© 2013–2023, inc. all rights reserved.
terms and conditions for use of this website.
						











