




 


icra - home



 




iowa court reporters association


log in












 











home




learn more




membership




find a professional




students-mentors




careers




events




scholarships




leadership




forms and documents




committees



advanced technology




membership and student recruitment




bylaws




midyear seminar and annual convention committee




icra manual




communications




freelance




professional ethics




pro bono committee




officials




captioning cart




veterans history project




nominating




distinguished service award




special committees







licensure




contact












icra's purpose is to promote and advance the interest of those persons engaged in the profession of shorthand reporting and voice writing throughout the state of iowa, to develop greater awareness in appreciation for the profession through public education, and to generally promote the shorthand reporting and voice reporting industries.

 
no pictures to show
 

















 















please use the form below only if you are donating funds.  if you wish to pay dues and renew your account, log in and then go to membership to follow the steps.  thank you!
















warning: browser cookies disabled. please enable them to use this website.






















                  donation
                


                    *
                  

                    mandatory fields
                  



 








*first name












*last name












*e-mail












phone












member type



honorarynon-membernon-residentprofessionalstudentretiredassociatespecialfriendscopist








*mailing address













*city













*state













*zip












*amount ($usd)










               payment frequency



one-timemonthlyquarterlysemi-annuallyannually








*comment












 





 

 



















learn more

have you ever wondered what icra does?   your dues help accomplish the following:

keeps you informed on new policy developments or legislative changes​
works to maintain your right to be certified​
retains the services of a well-respected lobbyist to further our goals with both the supreme court and the iowa legislature​
has diverse committees to efficiently facilitate the goals of iowa court reporters​
sponsors annual conventions and midyear seminars, including continuing education and the latest in reporting technologypublishes the newsletter in verbis, which informs reporters of developments in the reporting field, provides information on a variety of subjects ranging from word lists to rule changes, contains advertisements of vendors and agency owners, highlights meetings, and contains names and phone numbers of icra’s officers, directors, lobbyist, and executive director
awards the mary l. brown scholarship yearly to a deserving student​
is a voice at ncra conferences and meetings​​
serves as an affiliated state unit to the national court reporters association​
cooperates with the judicial branch, reporting schools, law schools, and the deaf community on common goals​
has a long tradition as a strong association with dedicated members!


featured member






upcoming events


no upcoming events


 









© 2015 by iowa court reporters association.   "icra" is a 501(c)6 non-profit organization.




























powered by wild apricot membership software







