








masterpiece manager art gallery software and web site solutions











































skip to content




menuhomefeaturesinventory managementpoint of salecontact managementemail marketinganytime anywherepricingart gallery softwareartist softwaremuseum softwareart museum softwareart gallery websitessample websitesmasterpiece onlineseo for websitesweb servicesaboutcontact ussupportsupport documentationsupport videosfree demologin
 





marketing consultant homemasterpiece manager2022-02-03t18:01:03+00:00 
the world’s most powerful art gallery management software & web sitesmanage all of your daily gallery activity through masterpiece
view all plansjesse beckvice president of client services.303-225-0330 ×thank you for your message. it has been sent.×there was an error trying to send your message. please try again later.get a callbackby submitting my data i agree to be contacted

what is masterpiece manager?the world’s leading web-based software has been chosen by over 1400 art galleries worldwide. it is so simple that that any employee will be comfortable, yet powerful enough to exceed every gallery’s needs. with a single login you will handle all of your sales, manage your inventory, track your clients interests, replace constant contact, pay your artist consignments, synchronize your websites, make online sales!
complete sales in seconds while keeping your accounting data synchronized. masterpiece handles all of your day to day gallery operations.
get a consultationfor any gallery, anywhere!with over 1400 art gallery clients worldwide masterpiece serves all sizes and locations of galleries. our software and websites easily adapt to the requirements of any art business.
get a consultationstreamline and grow your art business with masterpiece managermanage art inventorywe know you handle originals, limited editions and open stock titles. we know you allow your works to go out on approval. we know that accurate consignment reporting and payments is the heart of your business!
manage contactsgain complete control of all your contacts: customers, artists, vendors, etc. track all of sales, purchases and communications specific to each contact.
run point of salemasterpiece manager can handle every aspect of your sales transactions: processing payments and credit cards, printing invoices, paying consignments, tracking commissions, etc.
art websitesstop missing sales because your web site is outdated! stop getting punished by google because your web site is not mobile-friendly. update your web site as you do business – no extra work – no additional expense!
mass email marketingeasily create, send and track email campaigns directly through masterpiece manager. what good is a great contact list if you don’t have the tools to use it? other programs force you to export & import static lists that are obsolete the minute after they are created.
works on any deviceyou shouldn’t have to deal with a different version of your art gallery software for when switching between your computer, tablet or phones? masterpiece manager runs on mac, pc or mobile devices. just login and get to work!
view all featureswhy you will love masterpiece managersecure & cloud based
you access masterpiece manager as easily as you log into facebook. this is a cloud-based service that is available to any device that is connected to the internet.
everything you need!
masterpiece manager represents over 2 decades of the wisdom our clients have shared with us. there is no mystery why it is the most intuitive & complete gallery management solution.
easy to use
masterpiece manager works where and when you need it. masterpiece manager is a saas (software as a service) solution, which means there is nothing to download or install.
why our customers love us[wp-testimonials widget-id=1]
a few of our happy clientsjesse beckvice president of client services
get a free consultationget a free consultation303-225-0330



 
 
focus on growing your gallery. let masterpiece do the rest!servicestoggle navigationinventory managementpoint of sale & invoicingcontact managementemail marketinganytime anywherewebsitestoggle navigationdynamic websitessample websites for galleriesmasterpiece onlinecompanytoggle navigationwho we arecontact us© 2022 • masterpiece manager
call us +1 (303) 225-0330
sales@masterpiecemanager.com




 
 


















 


