


























welcome to advanced inspection 
		technology
		home of the visual plus system

		the only eddy current inspection device both used and recommended by 
		luxfer gas cylinders - ensuring the same results upon cylinder return to 
		the manufacturer.

		professionally competent visual inspections are a key element in the 
		proper maintenance of gas cylinders (such as those used for scuba diving 
		and by firefighters) and the inspection of cylinder neck threads is an 
		important part of the process.
even the best trained and most experienced technician can miss or 
		wrongly diagnose small imperfections, such as hairline cracks and folds 
		in the neck/shoulder area of aluminum cylinders using hydrostatic 
		testing alone. visual plus, a non destructive testing device, identifies 
		100% of these defective cylinders using the latest in eddy current 
		technology... don't leave it to chance!anyone working 
		around aluminum high-pressure gas cylinders knows how reliable they are. 
		in fact, they are so dependable that often we forget they need to be 
		treated with care and respect. proper maintenance is necessary to make 
		sure cylinders are fit for service, especially when they undergo harsh 
		service, such as scuba diving and firefighting.

		professionally competent visual inspections are a key element in the 
		proper maintenance of gas cylinders, and the inspection of cylinder neck 
		threads is an important part of the process. yet even the best trained 
		and most experienced technician can miss or wrongly diagnose small 
		imperfections, such as hairline cracks and folds.

		that's where visual plus comes in!

		visual plus is a non-destructive testing (ndt) device which utilizes 
		eddy currents to detect neck and shoulder cracks, folds or other similar 
		imperfections in aluminum cylinders such as scuba, scba (all metal, 
		hoop-wrap or full wrap), beverage, medical, industrial gas cylinders, 
		fire extinguishers, etc.

		an electromagnetic wave is introduced into the metal of the vessels near 
		the area which is desirable to inspect for imperfections (the threaded 
		area). the wave causes currents to flow in a circular manner in the 
		metal. they are called eddy currents because the flow is circular. an 
		imperfection can increase the path that the currents have to flow and so 
		make the material appear higher in
		
resistance 
		in that region where the imperfection is present. this generates a spike 
		on the computer generated report which alerts the technician to a 
		problem that requires further investigation.

		hydrostatic testing alone does not reveal cracking in the neck/shoulder 
		area of aluminum cylinders unless they are leaking. visual plus 
		identifies 100% of these defective cylinders... don't leave it to 
		chance!

		see a sample printout of a vessel with an imperfection in the neck by 
		clicking on an image on the left.







advanced inspection technology

		14020 eagle view rd. 
		lake mathews, ca usa    92570

telephone: 
within the us: 1-800-611-9077 
		outside the us: 1-951-776-9994 
		fax: 951-776-9995
		customer support: 
		support@visualplus.net
		sales: sales@visualplus.net 







