







symbols.com




























login 

the stands4 network

abbreviations.com
anagrams.net
biographies.net
calculators.net
convert.net
definitions.net
grammar.com
literature.com
lyrics.com
phrases.com
poetry.com
quotes.net
references.net
rhymes.com
scripts.com
symbols.com
synonyms.com
uszip.com

 











#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new symbols
 












 






welcome to symbols.com!




symbols.com is a unique online encyclopedia that encompasses comprehensive information on symbols, signs, flags, and glyphs — systematically organized into categories such as culture, country, religion, and others.
					


explore our world of symbols by category, alphabetically or simply search by keywords. our huge collection of symbols range from ancient alchemical signs, ashanti adinkra and anarchism to modern currency signs and awareness ribbons.

add a new symbol










featured symbol:
leo
one of the earliest recognized group of stars, with archeological evidence from as early as 4000 bce, leo is the 5th astrological sign of the zodiac and is the symbol of the lion. it comes right after cancer, just before virgo and it is opposite to aquarius.
categories: astrological symbols, greek symbolsleo is part of the zodiac group.




1,423,481 views



 print 
        							 collection









the zodiac
originated in babylonian astronomy and also linked in the hebrew bible, the zodiac is a division of the belt-like region of the heavens into twelve different signs (as an analogy to 12 months) relating to the constellations, and widely used in horoscopic astrology. read more »

 aquarius
 aries
 cancer
 capricorn
 gemini
 leo
 libra
 pisces
 sagittarius
 scorpio
 taurus
 virgo





other symbol categories
adinkra symbolsalchemical symbolsalphabetsanimal symbolismawareness ribbonsblissymbolicsblueprint symbolsceltic symbolschinese symbolscomputercomputer gamesconsciousnesscorporate brandscurrency signsemblemsemojiflagsgaming symbolsgeometry symbolsgreek symbolshazard symbolshobo signslanguage symbolsmap symbolizationmedical symbolsmilitary symbolsmiscellaneousmusical symbolsnavigation signspeace symbolspolitical symbolsrecycling codesreligious symbolssports symbolsuniversity symbolsvideo game symbolswarning symbolsweather symbolswebsiteswingdings symbols 
more symbol categories »










what does this symbol mean?
spotted a symbol you can't identify? trying to find the meaning and origin of a symbol, tatoo or an engraving? let our community figure it out for you!



help me out!



















we need you!
symbols.com is a collaborative project build by contributing editors. help us build the largest human-edited symbols collection on the web!



signup











sponsors
please visit our carefuly selected sponsors:


















your adhere!




 





discuss everything about the symbols.com website with the community:









https://www.symbols.com



newest
oldest
popular


53 comments





















0:00
0:00
 clear






 notify me of new comments via email.




publish








aveyrondoes anyone please tell me what this is?likereply1 month agonomaanyone know what this meanslikereply4 months agotillhi there! someone have an idea what this symbol means or from where it could come from? i saw it during a ketamine session.likereply 14 months agochatarayaanyone know what this might be? found in a resale shop and liked the look of it but can’t find it anywhere. thanks!likereply8 months agotaylor_acan someone help identify this for melikereply 18 months agoyamakazi66hello, i almost saw this logo in a dream. does anyone have any information about it and what it is related to?likereply11 months agoballerwhat does this symbol mean -) ֍likereply8 months agomimibear22need to make the symbol behind the words what is itlikereply 111 months agorandomizercan somebody tell me what the triangle symbol represents?likereply11 months agodavidbif it can help you: https://www.reddit.com/r/subnautica/comments/1g5lni1/guys_i_have_a_theorylikereply27 days agoinézmariaanyone know what this symbol is? closest i found is adjnkra “nsaa” which is some kind of woven fabriclikereply12 months agoarathorn27hi,i've seend this symbol. and i don't know what it means. does someone has an idea?thank you in advance!brfrancoislikereply1 year agojasonb.77564can anyone identify this crestlikereply 21 year agonatak223does anyone know what this symbol means? i’ve had this necklace for a while and cannot figure it out.on the back is the name “tijar”likereply1 year agoandream.41511anyone know what symbol this is an what it represents any an all information recording this symbol help please thank ulikereply1 year agodascentassociated with chakra  system https://www.definitions.net/definition/ॐlikereply 11 year agoharryd.91593anyone know the meaning of this symbol?likereply 11 year agorinatthis is the symbol ofthe israel defense forces (idf; hebrew: צְבָא הַהֲגָנָה לְיִשְׂרָאֵל, the army of defense for israel'), alternatively referred to by the hebrew-language acronym tzahal (צה״ל), is the national military of the state of israel. it consists of three service branches: the israeli ground forces, the israeli air force, and the israeli navy. more »likereply1 year agoannb1i'm wondering if anyone can identify this for me? or, is it even a symbol?likereply1 year agosillysav711found this ring and curious if anyone knows what the symbol islikereply1 year agodascentluciferian symbollikereply1 year agokarolis_ranyone know this symbol?likereply1 year agoabsolutelyridiculousanyone know this one?likereply1 year agoelizabetht.95974what does this symbol on glassware stand forlikereply1 year agodascentmight be a signature nude design but by the looks of it is a stylized version made with a small grinder toollikereply1 year agodaloodoes anyone know the meaning of this please?likereply1 year agoxtcwhat does this mean?likereply 11 year agoamedeo_dhello, i'd like to know the meaning of this table paint i had from a friend of mine. it has a title too, and it's "the book of symbols". can you help me please?i don't know where start to recognize the symbols, their tradition, the alphabet or the culture...  thanks for helping!!! more »likereply1 year agotraveventhese symbols are attached to a mirror on our rental. we took it down but want to know what they are?likereply1 year agohalfnhalf_cdoes anyone know the meaning of this pendant?likereply1 year agojulianna_janyone ever seen anything similar to this symbol before? i saw it drawn on something in this mystery show that i watch, called from where symbols are a potentially important aspect of the story. trying to figure out if this symbol’s just entirely made up for the show…or if it might relate to any actual existing symbols. a youtube suspected that a different symbol on the show relates to jewish symbolism, but i’m not sure on that. i haven’t seen anyone mention spotting this symbol (which was drawn on a pair of pants, in the last episode) yet, though. just curious about it, and trying to see if it looks like any real kind of symbolism, but haven’t found anything similar so far. more »likereply1 year agomayito0520what this meanslikereply1 year agoprahladhey, how can i get this symbole in text format so that i can use in meta data's dmca ignored hostinglikereply1 year agoalvaro_rwhats meaning this symbol?likereply1 year agoqoomburguerit's the om - a symbol widespread in india representing hinduism and hindu beliefs.likereply1 year ago00|00can someone tell me what symbol this is or what it means pleaselikereply1 year agocharay_mwhat does this symbol mean??? please anyone?likereply2 years agoqoomburguerit's the chi ro symbol - it represents christianity.likereply1 year agoshonto666it is roman symbol for christianitylikereply11 months agoasmawati_awhat is this the meaning?likereply2 years agocadekisswellwhat is this and what's the meaning?likereply2 years agoacronimouslooks like the thirty seconds to mars band emblem...likereply2 years agoslightlyi does is has to knowlikereply2 years agojamies.61485any clues on the meaninglikereply2 years agoqoomburguerarab symbol for god(allah).likereply1 year agojlucksteddoes anyone know any of the symbols in this ringlikereply2 years agootromáswhat significa?likereply2 years agokhurtdoes anyone know what this is?likereply2 years agowallydthis symbol is on the back of a us coinlikereply2 years agoajb23does anyone know what this is or meanslikereply2 years agoliindinaaacan anyone tell me what’s this symbol or his meaning? tylikereply2 years agolovemysons100does anyone recognize this symbol?? i thought it was nothing but i keep seeing it over and over again!likereply 12 years agomatheusacan anyone tell me what is this ?likereply2 years agocdogpats14does anyone know what this symbol is or means?  the image is on a packaging logo for mole poblanolikereply2 years agolou_where1ssmymindi got this at a second hand market and the vendor said it was a "witch's ring" from afrika, but i can't seem to fin anything if i google that. does anyone know what this is?likereply2 years agokhensaniplease kindly help me out with the for this symbollikereply2 years agojorgef.58073can anyone help me with the meaning of this one??likereply2 years agojosephw.11494help translate thislikereply 12 years agoangiekazzcan anyone help me please.  i would very much like to know what this symbol is and it's meaning and origins.  any help would be greatly appreciated.  thank you in advance.likereply2 years agomayuri want this symbol in textlikereply2 years agocarilemupor favor me ayudan con este símbolo?likereply 22 years agojoannea.04429what is the meaning of this symbol?likereply 32 years agomariella_mwhat is the meaning of the following symbol?likereply2 years agots.mewhat is the meaning of the symbol on the right side "/" ?likereply 63 years agoacronimousthat's the backslash! more info here: https://www.symbols.com/symbol/backslashlikereply 63 years agodespacito_y5 months later momentlikereply 93 years agoacronimousbetter late than never... ;-)likereply 73 years agoload 10 more comments






×close
report comment


we're doing our best to make sure our content is useful, accurate and safe.if by any chance you spot an inappropriate comment while navigating through our website please use this form to let us know, and we'll take care of it shortly.






cancel
report








×close
attachment






close









×
you need to be logged in to favorite.




 

 




or fill the form below



create a new account











your name:*required







your email address:*required







pick a user name:*required






join






log in







username:*required





password:*required





log in

forgot your password?   retrieve it









 







the web's largest resource for
symbols, signs & flags
 a member of the stands4 network




world flags:
flag of the united states


the american national flag is one of the most well known symbols of the united states of america.

 often nicknamed as the “stars and stripes” it consists of thirteen horizontal stripes in red and white, and 50 white stars on a blue rectangle on its upper hoist-side corner.flown as a national emblem since 1777 with very minor changes during the years, it serves as a strong symbol of americanism identity and national pride while capturing the power and glory of its people. 
other countries:

flag of tunisia
flag of kyrgyzstan
flag of israel
flag of ghana
flag of australia
flag of aberdeen
flag of mali
flag of cape verde
flag of the maldives
flag of lesotho
flag of belgium
flag of benin
flag of cyprus
flag of tonga
flag of south africa
flag of croatia
flag of acadia
flag of biafra
flag of rwanda
flag of comoros
flag of austria
flag of dagestan
flag of dominica
flag of zimbabwe
flag of burkina faso

more country flags »




graphical index
use our unique search feature to find a symbol based on its various graphical characteristics:

symmetry:


select one option...
──────────
geometry symmetric
geometry asymmetric


shape:


select one option...
──────────
open shape
closed shape


colors:


select one option...
──────────
colorful
monochrome


curveness:


select one option...
──────────
curved lines
straight lines
both


crossing:


select one option...
──────────
lines crossing
lines not crossing



search »













quiz
are you a world flags master?

»




a
micronesia


b
hong kong


c
bahamas


d
bolivia















browse symbols.com



#abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz  random new symbols 
















company

home
about
news
press
awards
testimonials



editorial

login
add a new symbol
add a new group
add a new category
become an editor
meet the editors
recently added
activity log
random entry







services

tools
my collection
tell a friend
bookmark us
what is this symbol?
the flags quiz
apis
faq



legal & contact

terms of use
privacy policy
contact us
advertise





the stands4 network

abbreviations
anagrams
biographies
calculators
conversions
definitions
grammar
literature
lyrics
phrases
poetry
quotes
references
rhymes
scripts
symbols
synonyms
zip codes


© 2001-2025 stands4 llc.all rights reserved.





















