fractal dimensions - web designers, developers and marketers - simplifying complexityback to top blog get in touch   need a website?we can help out, the sky’s the limit...- basic information site to high quality brochure sites- e-commerce sites from a simple store to stock management integrations- completely bespoke development, wherever your imagination takes you!get in touch!need advice?got an idea for a project but no idea where to start?had quotes from web development companies or freelancers, but don’t know who to choose?don’t know if what you’re being told by your existing web development agency is realistic?no problem!get in touch!a bit about fractal dimensions...fractal dimensions provides the quality and efficacy you would expect from an industry leading company, drawing on over a decade of experience working with multi-million pound companies.founded by me, the guy in the picture who chose to strike it out on my own, and provides the personal touch, commitment and investment of a new business.i have been developing websites since the late 90s and have been in love with what can be achieved on the web ever since and it’s only getting better! i have a vast amount of experience, working on anything from small scale content management system based sites to multi million pound turnover ecommerce sites.i am, of course, not without ambition and will grow to meet the needs of demand. i know designers and marketers that are more than happy to work together creatively to provide you with a fantastic service. i’ll do the leg work with them, so everything runs seamlessly.it’s important that all work is completed to a high standard. so if you ever decide to move away, the next person that takes over the code can do so with ease.testimonial"we required a front end developer to provide responsive html, css and js from a set of already produced designs.nick produced pixel perfect mark up where required and provided common sense solutions where there was no design in place. we were very impressed with the quality of the work delivered.having worked with nick a number times we find him to be knowledgeable, professional and reliable."thomas butterworth, pld worksdesignwe’ll get to know you, your company, what makes you tick.we want to express your brand identity right into the heart of the design of the web site.your potential customers should know exactly what you are about within seconds of hitting your homepage.developmentwe'll work with you to choose the right software for the job.our mantra is "simplifying complexity" for a reason. why use wordpress if you don't need all the plugins? why do a complete custom build if other simpler solutions are out there?we use the latest tools, wherever we can, to help speed up development and ensure your site's code isn't old before it's even released.marketingif we build it, they will come... because we'll build marketing into your online presence the ground up.search engine optimised? check. social media channels? check. content to make your swoon? you betcha.we don't see the point in creating works of art nobody will see. so, we have a vested interest in making sure customers click through for years to come.get in touchemail: hello@fd.digitaltelephone: 0161 758 7575thank youwe have successfully received your query and will get back to you as soon as possible.name*:  email*:  message*:  send message this site is protected by recaptcha and the google privacy policy and terms of service apply.© 2021 fractal dimensions ltd.   created with eleventy hosted on netlifyprivacy policy