
























homepage - mxguardian






















































































search



 
features
plans & pricing
resources

how it works
blog
support
free tools


contact us
 


get free trial
log in








featuresplans & pricingresourceshow it worksblogsupportfree toolscontact us

get free trial
log in

















 
slideadvanced email security solutions that keep your business safesetting you free from worry with expert email security & cyber threat protection
get 30-day free trialview plans & pricing 







advanced security
advanced security
protect your organization with our state-of-the-art email filtering solution that blocks threats before they reach your inbox.



intuitive interface
intuitive interface
our intuitive platform simplifies email security, offering a seamless experience for  both users and it administrators.



reliable support
reliable support
count on our dedicated team for fast, expert assistance whenever you need it.




sign up for free trial





don’t compromise the security of your business
it only takes one compromised email, one bad link, or one hacked account to bring down a network and lose valuable information. new threats emerge every day that result in data and financial loss. when your email is left unsecured, you run the risk of lost time, money and security.

are you vulnerable to attacks?
without adequate email security in place, you run the risk of losing data, time, and money to cyber threats.


don’t waste time or money.
the last thing you need is a complicated system that takes a lot of time to setup or to have prices for the service continuously increasing.


not sure who to trust?
a reliable cyber security partner can be hard to come by. you shouldn’t have to sign a contract or pay a fortune to have a trustworthy email security partner.





at mxguardian, we believe you should have total security and peace of mind 24/7. that’s why our comprehensive email security plans cover a wide variety of threats, ensuring the safety of your business, employees, and your data. we also offer uncomplicated solutions at fair, transparent prices and no contracts.

view features
sign up for free trial







without a secure email system, you run the risk of compromised data and possible financial loss to your business.
it can also be hard to know what the right system is for your business. that’s why at mxguardian, we provide simple, scalable email security solutions that empower businesses to operate securely and without worry.

request a quote
sign up for free trial






keeping businesses secure since 2012
founded by it experts who understand the importance of the security of email in a business, mxguardian is dedicated to empowering clients to operate securely in a digital world.



over 12 years providing email security solutions


over 300,000 messages processed per day with 99.9% accuracy




trusted by 25,000+ users worldwide


5.0 star rating on capterra






what our customers are saying
 


 


slidebetter than thecompetitionbefore… i was using a shared barracuda… mxguardian has made my life easier, give a try for yourself!
matt k.ocreative
slidehappy withyour service!mxguardian is what i have been looking to implement for a long, long time. feels like a weight has been lifted off my shoulders no longer receiving 50+ spam emails each day.
richard m.gold river investigations
slideabove andbeyond!mxguardian greatly increases our efficiency, for both users and it management. they go above and beyond the essentials to ensure their service is meeting our needs!
jon w.team construction, inc.
slideforgetspamassassinafter running spamassassin for years prior to finding you guys, your service blows it away in terms of effectiveness and accuracy.
jason a.nexus security consulting llc
slidekeep up thegreat work!thanks for keeping everything running well and responding quickly in the rare instances when there might be a problem. keep up the great work!
matt schubecksmith kesler
slideveryimpressedvery impressed with the technical assistance provided and the professionalism of the technician involved. excellent service!
richard hallcharles whitney pr






are you an mxguardian customer? please write a review

request a quote
sign up for free trial



robust, scalable security solutionsthat won’t break your budget
we understand that businesses want their email security to be uncomplicated while keeping their date, employees, and business safe. we make this possible with a cloud-based email spam and malware filtering service that works silently in the background to protect users from phishing attacks, viruses, spam, denial-of-services (dos) attacks and other email threats.
mxguardian is designed for businesses, isps, web-hosting companies, or anyone who has a domain that receives email and is compatible with popular cloud platforms such as microsoft 365 and google workspace.
some of our features include:

inbound email filtering
outbound smtp relay
email continuity and archiving
zero installation
advanced ai defenses
real-time reporting
…and more


request a quote
sign up for free trial

view faqs


ready for asecure, worry-freeemail experience?
want to try out mxguardian first? here’s all you have to do:

fill out the form to sign up for a 30-day free trial.
we will contact you to get your trial setup so you can try out mxguardian before you buy anything.
once you have completed the trial, we will customize a quote based on your needs.


get 30-day free trial
contact us for a quote or demo








p.o. box 11733 chicago, il 60611us/canada: (866) 788-1414 | international: +1-312-300-3320sales: sales@mxguardian.net | support: support@mxguardian.net
facebook
linkedin
x




features
plans & pricing
sign up for free trial
request a quote or demo
contact us


faqs
blog
support
free tools


terms & conditions
ip addresses
reseller program
system status








copyright © 2025 mxguardian | privacy policy
wordpress web design by digital hill | goshen indiana



















