





jim roepcke – canadian ios developer













jim roepcke
canadian ios developer


blog
about






i am available for part-time ios consulting projects. i have been working with ios since 2008, including swift since 2014, and objective-c since 1997. during the 2000s i worked with cocoa, and webobjects for java, so my knowledge of the apple developer ecosystem is very broad.
i have been a lead ios developer at many startups and companies, including noom, the new york times, and mashable. i live and work remotely from the pacific time zone in beautiful penticton, bc, canada. i have over 20 years of experience working remotely, and over 30 as a professional software developer.
additionally, i specialize in mentoring ios developers, and love to teach. if you or some of your employees require mentorship, i can help.

my weblog, est. 1999: have browser, will travel
[ recent | complete archive ]



        february  1, 2025
      
made in canada

because this is where we’re at now…
made in ca: canadians, spend your money wisely.

permalink



        january  2, 2025
      
i made a marvel champions tracker with glide

        earlier this week my weekly gaming group was playing marvel champions: the card game. we’ve been using its cardboard damage dials to track damage and threat, but frankly we’ve been pampered by gloomhaven secretariat when we play 
read more



        january  1, 2025
      
disc golf in 2024, the year in review

        according to udisc i played 108 rounds of disc golf, up from 100 rounds in 2023. this is somewhat impressive because i didn’t play between july 25th and august 25th because i had arthroscopic knee surgery at the end...
      
read more



        december 26, 2024
      
in for a penny, in for a pound

        bambu lab had a great sale during black friday. after months of fawning over their printers, i finally splurged on a bambu lab a1. i’m in love with it. i recently printed out a stand for my nintendo...
      
read more



        december 23, 2024
      
new disc golf course in summerland, bc

        yesterday i played my first round at the new disc golf course in summerland, bc. there are no baskets in yet, only tonals, and so far only the first 9 holes are playable. but it’s really clear this property is...
      
read more



        december 16, 2024
      
this (is all our fault)

        don’t read this buzzfeed piece just before going to bed. it’s so depressing. it’s also sad to see how many of these issues are being imported to canada. somehow, a disturbingly meaningful number of canadians do not even understand...
      
read more































