




hd realty – committed to finding you your next home




























































































skip to content


















open menu






search for:



 

home
about hd realty

our staff


current rentals
current homes
for owners

benefits of property management
what you get
make a payment


application
contact us
 



close menu








our staff

click the person’s name to email them. the office phone number is 407-260-8800 jeff j. anderson (broker of hd realty and owner since 1986) jeff was licensed in 1984 and is the 4th generation owner. he has been in real estate his whole life and owns rental properties personally. he works closely with the property management team to ensure a profitable experience for youannette p. anderson (owner of hd realty since 2008) annette is our office manager and ensures the staff has the resources and tools necessary to serve our clients.nicole m. anderson (sales associate) nicole aids in both the purchase and liquidation of homes in the central florida region. she is a 5th generation family member and daughter to the owners, jeff and annette anderson. nicole has been licensed since 2016. she’s a lifelong resident of the lake mary area in central florida and a graduate of lake mary high school.jason f. anderson (property manager) jason manages the rental portfolio for our investors. he is a 5th generation family member and son to the owners, jeff and annette anderson. jason has been licensed since 2020 and a graduate of lake mary high school. he has grown up in the central florida area making him knowledgeable for about every area to help all clients.andy (andrea) tolbert (real estate broker associate). andy has been in the real estate industry since 1995 working on the mortgage side and in 1998 she acquired her real estate license and is currently licensed in florida. she also invests personally in real estate and has owned rentals all over florida.jeff czwornog  (sales associate) jeff has plenty of knowledge in the seminole county and surrounding areas. marcelle hobbs (sales associate) marcelle has been in sales since 1981 specializing in residential and commercial sales.kathi wells macomber (sales associate) kathi is a central florida native giving her the expertise for seminole, orange and volusia counties for residential sales. also a lake mary high school graduate. michelle hernandez (admin/bookkeeper) michelle has been with us for 20 years and serves as our admin and bookkeeper. she is also tasked with various needs that arise within the organization.janis williams (receptionist) janice is our receptionist and administrative assistant.


 


back to top

















