















whats on today in the midlands, birmingham and the black country - surge music

























×
 the "favourites" cookie


the favourites cookie contains an anonymous unique identifier to allow us to find your favourites whenever you return. this cookie will not store any information, other than this numeric identifier. you are free to delete the cookie via your web browser settings - this will result in the loss of your favourites on surgemusic.com.


close






our website uses cookies to make your browsing experience better. by using the site you agree to the use of cookies and to our privacy policy.learn more close















toggle navigation



the live music gig guide for birmingham & the midlands 
the online live music gig guide for birmingham & the midlands 












home
gigs
bands
venues
articles
search


 add your gigs

















 date 


 location 


 genre 


 venue 


 band 












 



















filter by date... 




today
tomorrow
february 2025
march 2025
april 2025




custom period: set date 


                                                                            from: 



                                                                            to: 




























































in association with ryan's gig guide
promoting live music birmingham & the west midlands since 1995
latest edition online 












want to see your gigs on surgemusic.com?
bands, venues & promoters can submit gigs online...
add your gigs 








looking for a gig tonight?
 
gigs today 
























whats on today in the midlands and black country






 prev day
next day 

 view on map


no gigs were found.
 back  add gigs




articles





glenn hughes confirms special guests “dead sea skulls”  for o2 institute in nov








ryans gig guide november issue








ryans gig guide october issue








black country band signs with usa label








at last!!!  after 35 years!!!  abba news!!!!








living legend brian wilson performing pet sounds at digbeth arena in august!








savannah - live @ katie fitzgeralds sat march 24th 2018








love from stourbridge 2018 - the wonder stuff and neds atomic dustbin








black countries the bad flowers release single thunder child





















information © valtex ltd. all rights reserved.
please check with the venue before travelling. although we try to be accurate in the listings, mistakes may happen. if you spot an error in a gig, or know of a gig we've missed, please let us know here.
terms & conditions | privacy | websites by valtex | cookie policy







