
















medspa houston tx







































































medspa houston tx






























































































tuesday, november 7, 2017







unexpected signs of aging






treatments for aging in tomball, the woodlands, houston & spring


there are many signs of aging that, while reversible with certain treatments and procedures, you can expect to develop as you get older. you may not want forehead wrinkles or crow’s feet, but seeing them develop once you reach your 40s or 50s isn’t a complete shock. however, these lines aren’t the only telltale signs of your years.

think of all the other ways your body has been changing over the years—what are the most obvious signs you’ve been around? take comfort in the fact that you’re not alone. though many women don’t talk about them, the ways your body is changing are likely more common than you think. here are some common signs of aging that aren’t discussed nearly as much as wrinkles—and the ways you can get rid of them with the help of dr. cho at integrated aesthetics, serving the houston, texas area.


sagging breasts


it’s true that many people discuss sagging breasts as a common sign of aging. as you get older, gravity does its work, and your breasts lose the perkiness they once had in your youth, no matter what the quality of your bras has been. what many don’t realize is that implants are not the only way to deal with this problem area.

while implants are a popular option to improve the appearance of the breasts for a more youthful look, a breast lift can also help reduce signs of aging in the breasts—without using implants. breast lift surgery works to reverse the droopiness in the breasts by removing sagging skin, allowing your breasts to look as perky as ever.


“batwings”


sagging arm skin is common for many women as they get older, but few discuss it as a sign of aging as much as they discuss face wrinkles. an arm lift is a highly effective way to reduce this “batwing” effect by removing skin and fat from your upper arms. this procedure is also known as brachioplasty, and it also involves liposuction. dr. cho will customize the procedure for your body, as the amount of skin tightening will depend on your level of skin elasticity. you’ll be happier with the way your arms fit in clothes, which we all know does wonders for overall body confidence.


aging hands


your hands are your most used body parts—of course, they’re going to yield some telling signs of aging! however, just because you use them so often doesn’t mean you don’t want them to look beautiful. restore a youthful look to aging hands, where your skin might become thinner or you may be developing brown spots. at integrated aesthetics, there are both surgical and non-surgical ways to restore the youthful appearance of your hands. radiesse is an effective filler that can be injected into the hands to reverse volume loss brought about by aging.


reverse signs of aging today


integrated aesthetics is proud to service the greater houston area, providing women many options to restore a youthful appearance and build confidence. contact us today to get started.

post first published on http://www.myintegratedaesthetics.com/unexpected+signs+of+aging





posted by



unknown




at

2:00 am



no comments:
  









email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest
















home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















about me




unknown



view my complete profile



integrated aesthetics


loading...




blog archive








        ▼ 
      



2017

(1)





        ▼ 
      



november

(1)

unexpected signs of aging


















































awesome inc. theme. powered by blogger.
























