







saint tattoo – voted knoxville's best tattoo shop!



































saint tattoovoted knoxville's best tattoo shop! 

main menu








 

saint tattoo ~ voted knoxville’s best for over a decade! 


$100 minimum
$100 deposits required for appointments
walk-ins first come first served based on availability 

to schedule a tattoo appointment with any artist at the shop email sainttattooknox@gmail.com
saint tattoo is knoxville’s best tattoo shop as voted by the readers of metropulse™ and the knoxville news sentinel™ for over a decade. our artisans are internationally recognized as being some of the best in the business and we renew our commitment to being the best by traveling the north american tattoo conference circuit interacting with the best artists from all over the country learning new techniques and materials that make the application of our craft second to none.
our flash is all hand painted and one of a kind. with thousands of designs to pick from, please choose something off our walls.
we offer custom tattoos to individuals seeking an artist to make their tattoo idea a reality. come by for a free consultation and learn what set’s saint tattoo apart from the rest.
we guarantee your satisfaction with any of the work that will be performed for you in our shop. your idea or ours, we will give you a piece to last a lifetime and then some!piercing services are offered from 2pm–6pm tuesday through saturday.
view our instagram

meet our artists


doc coop’r
tattooing 26 yearsowner of saint tattoo since 2010likes to play board games, hang with the family, and tattoo!american traditional // color illustrativeat the shop thursday-monday
view doc’s instagram




brad loveday
tattooing since ‘05likes motorcycles, hiking, and dogs!american and japanese traditional
view brad’s instagram




tommy davis
tattooing since ‘13enjoys skateboarding, fishing, and painting.american traditional and solid tattooing.here wednesday-sunday
view tommy’s instagram




brad grubb
tattooing since ‘08likes fishing, enjoying the outdoors, listening to music, drawing, painting, and spending time with his wife.american traditional, japanese traditional. line work.here tuesday-saturday
view brad’s instagram




justin schmidt
tattooing since ‘142012 bachelor of fine arts degree in paintinglikes painting and tattooing. eagles football, dinosaurs, science, and the color greenhere friday-tuesday.
view justin’s instagram




kimberly shordon
first-year tattooerenjoys cats, tattooing, and spending time with family.anime, old-school cartoons, fine-line imageshere friday-tuesday.
view kimberly’s instagram


tattoo aftercare
leave the patch on for 12 hoursgently wash 2 times a day with gold dial soapadd a very light layer of lubridermnever pick or pull at scabsdo not soak or submerge tattoo for at least three weeksnever listen to your friends!




 



address 1020 n. broadway st., knoxville, tn, 37917
(865) 971-3983
email: sainttattooknox@gmail.com


hours monday – saturday: 12:00 – 8ish
sunday: 1:00 – 6ish
piercings
tuesday – saturday: 2:00 – 6:00

follow us on social media facebook
instagram
 




















