






ladywoods game preserve - pheasant hunting, quail hunting, chukar hunting in ma, massachusetts























































toggle navigation










home (current)
about/news
pricing

policies-must read
hunting license


links
faq's
testimonials
photos/e-postcard
location/contact/subscribe





























 
ladywoods game preserve has closed












 











 



















news

ladywoods game preserve has retired from business and is no longer open.

we would like to extend a heartfelt thank you to
all of our patrons over the years.  ladywoods game preserve would not have
been a success without you!

we continue to operate the farm at ladywoods.

click the link or logo for our web site.


if you have any questions or comments,
please feel free to contact us by email to jane@ladywoods.com

thank you!













follow @ladywoodsgp









welcome to ladywoods

                           we are located in douglas, ma, only 25 miles south of worcester and 30 miles north of providence, ladywoods game preserve encompasses 130 acres of typical new england cover. all birds are reared on the grounds, all are adult and full plumaged. we offer both pheasant and chukar packages. we welcome patrons with their own hunting dogs of any breed.

ladywoods game preserve is true hunting as there are no back up guns. you will be challenged as a shooter allowing for an enjoyable hunting experience.  when looking for pheasant hunting and chukar hunting in massachusetts (ma), look to ladywoods.







season opens september 15th through march 31st



subscribe to our mailing list

    	
	   	





 





the shooting season runs from september 15th to
april everyday including sundays. residents of the state of massachusetts need a valid hunting
license and non residents must purchase a one day preserve license through us. 
for more information please visit
our online calendar  to request a
hunt, or call our home office at 508-278-3529. 

note: the preserve is located at 312
wallum lake rd in douglas, ma, not our office address.  please see our location information below for directions. 













half day hunts


there is a 3 hour maximum on each hunt, starting at either 8am or 1pm. hunters will need to provide their own dog. a non-refundable 50% deposit is required within 10 days of booking to reserve your spot.  gift certificates available.

 pheasant hunts are available september through december.  chukar hunts are available all season.  please email jane@ladywoods.com with questions or for details.

pricing





          pheasants $30 ea


          chukar partridge $23 ea




notice:

hunts are booked by the gun as follows:
one gun - 8 bird minimum
two guns - 10 bird minimum
three guns - 15 bird minimum

bird minimums can be any mix of birds
example:  2 guns = 10 bird minimum.  mix can be 6 pheasant, 4 chukar or any other combination to total 10.


pheasant - $30 each
chukar - $23 each


please plan to arrive 30 minutes before your scheduled hunt time
hunters must have their ma hunting license with them

policies and conditions:
we may cancel hunts due to unforseen conditions or circumstances. 
we also reserve the right to cancel or stop hunts at any times due to unsafe actions or situations.

please note:
ladywoods no longer offers use of our dogs and guide.
hunters are welcome with their hunting dogs and birds will be stocked as usual.

requirements:

hunter orange hat
ma residents need valid hunting license
one day resident or non-resident commercial shooting preserve licenses available for non-licensed hunters while hunting in massachusetts at ladywoods
please visit our hunting license page by clicking here for more information.
guns transported per state regulations



















policieshunting requirements


    • a non-refundable 50% deposit is required to secure your hunt date.  with 14 day notice you may transfer to another date.  with less than 14 day notice your deposit is forfeited.
    • hunters must wear hunter orange hat.
    • ma residents need a valid hunting license
    • one day resident or non-resident commercial shooting preserve licenses are available for non-licensed hunters. if you choose to hunt more than one day, you must purchase a one day license for each day.  please visit our hunting license page by clicking here.
    • your guns must be transported per state regulations.
    • we may cancel hunts due to unforseen conditions or circumstances
    • we also reserve the right to cancel hunts or stop hunts at any time due to unsafe actions or situations.













130
acres of typical new england covertrue hunting at it's best.


















commercial shooting preserve 1-day licenses
information about obtaining shooting preserve licenses












massfishhunt internet sales


purchase a massachusetts freshwater fishing, hunting or sporting license, saltwater fishing permit, recreational lobster permit, or check your harvested game online via massfishhunt. (will open a new window)


online purchases require the following:

1.  major credit card (visa, mastercard, discover, american express)
2.  local printer to print licenses, permits, and stamps
3.  plain, white, letter-sized (8?" x 11") printer paper


please note that your massfishhunt transactions will be indicated on your credit card statement as act*madfgmassfishhunt 615-263-4257














authorized license agents


massachusetts fishing, hunting, and trapping licenses can be purchased at authorized license agent locations including the following:



- retail stores
- city/town clerk offices
- division of marine fisheries offices
- division of fisheries & wildlife offices



see map of license agent locations(will open a new window)                                        















please note


when purchasing hunting license online, the customer must create an online profile with their residency information and demographics (hair/eyes/height/weight). the residency status and address that the customer enters will determine if the hunter is eligible for a resident or non-resident license.

new regulations allow hunters to possess an electronic copy of their license on their smartphone/mobile device if they are not hunting a game species that require paper tags attached to the license/permit (deer, bear, turkey) according to 321 cmr 2.11(5) and 321 cmr 3.02(4).

the online commercial shooting preserve 1-day license asks which day the license is to be valid for, and is only valid for that day. if you have any questions please feel free to contact trina moruzzi of the masswildlife division of fisheries & wildlife at 508-389-6318. 





















links of interest









other sites of interest:
















frequently asked questions
click any question below to display the answer
i am not a ma resident, but would love to hunt at ladywoods. do i need to get a ma hunting license?


        yes, a resident or non-resident commercial shooting preserve one day hunting license can be bought via the internet by any hunter or through a license vendor in ma. if you choose to hunt more than one day, you must purchase a one day license for each day.  please visit our hunting license information by clicking here.
        

i am a resident of ma and wish to hunt for a couple of weeks. do i need to obtain a ma hunting license from the state?


        we would prefer that you have a mass. hunting license, however you can purchase a one day hunting license for each day that you hunt.  either option is available by visiting our hunting license information by clicking here.
        

who do i contact to check the state regulations for transporting my guns?


        contact the state police to find out the specifics on transporting guns across state lines. we require all guns be transported according to state regulations.
        

what forms of payment do you accept at ladywoods?


        we take checks and cash.  at this time we do not accept credit cards.
        

what is the average shooting distance when hunting pheasants?


        average shots are 20 - 30 yards.  we recommend # 7 1/2 or # 6 shot.
        
















testimonials
satisfied ladywoods customers
























the place is great! and the people are awesome. i've been here a hand full of times and plan on being back many more times!


jmy losi
via facebook








it was my first time upland hunting and we had a great time - the people there are very nice and made sure we had a good afternoon. we got 8/10 of our paid for birds (one was running and try as she might the dog just couldn't flush it) and spent a good amount of time trying to get a shot at some of the escaped pheasants but they were flushing well before we were in range in the woods. very pleased and would recommend them to anyone out there who is interested.


nicole
via internet forum













5 stars!


peter smellie
via facebook








i have hunted there at least once a year for the past 5 years. i've always had a great time there, they are very nice, great dogs, overall good time. most times i go, i get all the birds i paid for or very close to it. the shots are very close, i've never used anything more than an ic choke with 6 or 7 shot 2 3/4. they have pheasant and chukkar. 


kjm1022
via internet forum

























photo gallery - send a post card!
send a ladywoods postcard with any of the images below!
just select the image and press the button at the bottom.














ladywoods fire pit













a ringneck rooster













baby pheasant chicks
















black anvil's lady of leisure, the preserve's namesake













seeking cover













mature rooster
















chukar partridge













a hen and her clutch













strutting his stuff
















bobwhite quail













ringneck pheasant













ready for the hunt





















hunt at ladywoods


book hunt













get in touch




subscribe to our mailing list








 





feel free to contact us.








our game preserve



preserve: 312 wallum lake rd, douglas, ma 01516
mailing: 27 quaker highway, uxbridge, ma 01569


508-278-3529


jane@ladywoods.com









driving directions










enter your starting address then press the button below for driving directions:
(will open in new window)








get directions













please note: ladywoods preserve is located at 312 wallum lake rd, douglas ma 01516
click any line below for directions from that area

from providence & points south click here


rt 146n to rt 16 exit.
take rt 16 into douglas. where rt 16 takes a sharp right ( sign says rt16w to webster ) go straight. this puts you on sw main st.  follow the road to the first 4-way intersection. take a left. you are now on wallum lake rd. number 312 is approximately 3 miles down on the left.


from boston click here


mass pike to rt 146s to rt 16 exit. follow directions above.


from worcester & points west click here


rt 395 to rt 16 exit. follow rt 16 . take a right onto cedar st. follow to 4 way intersection go straight through. now on wallum lake rd , number 312 is approx. 3 miles on the left.
        

for detailed driving directions simply enter your starting address in the form above.





weather
douglas, ma hunting weather














copyright © ladywoods game preserve




hosted by getyourstoreonline









↑


































