




home - partners for healthy babies























































partners for healthy babies



menu
search

x









home
bureau of family health
about
contact
 













i am a parent


i am a healthcare provider










partners for healthy babies connects louisiana moms and their families to health and pregnancy resources, services and information.








1-800-251-baby (2229)


24/7 helpline
our support staff is standing by 24/7 to answer questions and to link you to resources in your area. 
all calls confidential.




 











january 2024 influenza information  











louisiana is experiencing a big spike in emergency room visits due to influenza-like activity. getting a flu vaccine this flu season is an important step to stay healthy. it is recommended that everyone 6 months of age or older get the flu shot. for more information, visit the louisiana department of health. 











lower mississippi saltwater intrusion 











due to extended drought across the entire mississippi river basin, the water levels of the lower mississippi river are extremely low, allowing salt water from the gulf of mexico to come upstream. this phenomenon, known as saltwater intrusion, can affect local water supplies because many public drinking water systems in south louisiana rely on fresh water from the mississippi river. for more information, updates, and resources from the governor’s office of homeland security and emergency preparedness, please click here.  



















covid-19 (coronavirus) information and resources 















covid-19 has disrupted the lives of families in louisiana and around the world. you can protect your family by following the latest information related to the coronavirus pandemic. the links below can help you understand how to avoid getting or spreading the virus; what to do if you or a loved one gets sick; how to continue accessing important family services (like wic benefits); and how to manage stress during this time: getting vaccinated against covid-19 in louisianacovid-19 guidance from the louisiana department of healthupdates from the centers for disease control & prevention (cdc)info for people who are pregnant, breastfeeding, or caring for newborns should you get the coronavirus vaccine?the coronavirus (covid-19) vaccine is key to ending the covid-19 pandemic. there are many benefits of getting the vaccine. most importantly, vaccines help you protect yourself, your loved ones, and your community. in addition to getting vaccinated, you can keep your community safe by practicing healthy behaviors. these include wearing a mask in indoor public spaces, staying 6 feet apart from others, and washing your hands regularly. find out which members of your family are eligible to get the vaccine in louisiana, where to get the shot, and how the vaccine protects you from covid-19 on this webpage from the louisiana department of health. 







can you get a vaccine? everyone in louisiana ages 5 and older is eligible to get vaccinated against covid-19. the vaccine is available at no cost, and health insurance is typically not required. find a vaccination site in your community by visiting the louisiana department of health’s covid-19 vaccine webpage. you can also call louisiana’s vaccine hotline at 1-855-453-0774. is the vaccine safe for people who are pregnant? health experts around the world are studying the safety of the covid-19 vaccine for people who are pregnant. the american college of obstetricians and gynecologists (acog) recommends that all pregnant people receive the covid-19 vaccine. getting the vaccine during pregnancy can protect you from severe illness from covid-19. if you have questions about getting vaccinated, a conversation with your doctor might help, but is not required for vaccination.is the vaccine safe for people who are lactating?based on how vaccines work in the body, medical experts do not believe that covid-19 vaccines pose a risk to lactating people or their breastfeeding babies. therefore, if you are lactating, you can receive a covid-19 vaccine. recent studies have shown that breastfeeding people who receive certain types of covid vaccine have antibodies in their breastmilk. antibodies help protect breastfeeding babies by building their immune systems. medical researchers are still studying how well antibodies in breastmilk protect babies from covid-19. talk to your doctor about the best ways to protect you and your breastfeeding baby from covid-19 












about us louisiana department of health’s bureau of family health manages the partners for healthy babies website and helpline.
learn more about the bureau of family health’s other programs, services, and websites at partnersforfamilyhealth.org.


popular resources browse services from our partners.

learn how to protect your baby from sids and make safe sleep a habit
connect with mental health services
explore louisiana wic
get help from poison control
locate a parish health unit
search healthy la (medicaid) providers
sign up for text4baby
vroom: brain building moments©

find assistance for food, housing, jobs, healthcare, counseling & more by calling or texting louisiana 2-1-1.

quick links check out these helpful links to services.

breastfeeding
family support & coaching (home visiting)
severe weather resources
healthy louisiana (medicaid)
help to quit smoking & substance use
immunizations
louisiana health insurance marketplace
nutrition (louisiana wic)
pregnancy tests
prenatal care
reproductive health & family planning


 





phb linksabout us
social 
like us on facebook
follow us on twitter


 
search


 1-800-251-baby



 




louisiana department of healthoffice of public healthbureau of family health


		1450 poydras street, suite 2032
		new orleans, la 70112
	

		504-568-3504
	

phblouisiana@gmail.com


 





error: could not authenticate you. 



@louisianapfh
follow us on twitter








resources for parents







 © copyright 2022 partners for healthy babies

 









close menu




home
bureau of family health
about
contact







i am a parent


i am a healthcare provider









search

 




































