







fightbeat.com

















fightbeat.com

rss    archive




				boxing and mma news, opinion and satire - est. 2002  
				
                	
forum - twitter - facebook  
                
                
                submit your articles




				july 19, 2021
			

castano vs charlo - no winners
san antonio, texas - the boxing world keenly anticipated this undisputed matchup between the wbc, wba, and ibf titleholder “iron man” jermell charlo (34-1, 18 kos), and the unbeaten wbo champion “el boxi” brian castano (17-0-1, 12 kos), but reality soured an otherwise superb battle. after a back and forth battle where castano took the early lead and was hunted down by charlo through the championship rounds, fight fans were salivating over the result which was widely seen to belong narrowly to castano. that is, before a wildly out of phase score from nelson vazquez (117-111 to charlo) saw the fight called a draw.charlo was stunned in the 3rd round of a back and forth battle, which saw castano build an early lead. but charlo fought back, until he was rocked by a resurgent castano in round 7. come the championship rounds, charlo was behind the 8-ball, but fought back impressively as castano put the foot down  to match it with the division’s premier champion. the final 3 rounds saw the combatants go toe to toe, blasting away until the final bell. charlo got the better of many exchanges, but it remained close - that is until the scores were read out; a split draw (114-113 castano, 117-111 charlo, 114-114 draw).charlo asked for a break from boxing, and castano fumed, while wbo no.1 contender tim tszyu looked for a silver lining from the match. boxing fans just sighed, again, at the anticlimactic ending.discuss this and much more in our boxing forum

4:37am  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5yaucolf8w00
(notes: 2)  
  					
  				    
					
					filed under: boxing forum boxing charlo castano tszyu 





				april 24, 2015
			

pacquiao vs mayweather - the crowdsourced article
fightbeat introduces the latest in ground-breaking social experiments combined with champagne boxing expertise and infotainment - a crowd-sourced article on the greatest fight of the century, mayweather vs pacquiao, devised by our 60-odd boxing luminaries.our fightbeat experts, a veritable “mensa think tank” of encyclopaedic boxing knowledge, launch into a stream of unbridled boxing consciousness, delving deep, one sentence at a time each, into the world of boxing and the potential outcomes and strategies of this most intriguing battle.so….behold! click the link and prepare for the best, most definitive take on pacquio vs mayweather ever before seen in the annals of boxing journalism.keep reading

2:08am  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5y1jc0fpl
(notes: 2)  
  					
  				    
					
				




				march 8, 2014
			

tyson fury, the savior of the heavyweight division
by d. simon - you are a twenty something year old man with a family…a contract killer by trade who puts on the kibosh when called to do so….you get a big job to kill mr evil. the conditions are you work with another trigger man, we will call him ….”smiley.” this contract is the kind of money that can set you up….as you look at that family of yours you silently determine that mr evil is going down! soon enough the big day arrives, everyone is in position, when smiley calls it off due to having a hang nail on his trigger finger. the boss likes you guys and gives you another chance and wouldn’t you know it? smiley once again calls it off, this time for good.this scenario describes in a different context, exactly what happened to tyson fury during his supposed fight to take place with david haye.read on after the break, or discuss in our boxing forum.keep reading

1:20am  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5y19wg0f4
(notes: 1)  
  					
  				    
					
					filed under: boxing tyson fury klitschko david haye 





				january 26, 2014
			

zab judah: gatekeeper and the fight for brooklyn cred
by d simon - boxing is nothing without traditions. two guys fighting each other in a yard, even when one of the guys is kimbo slice, a decent sort and a gentleman….amounts to little more than violence with a few provisions.when cus laid out the relationship between the real estate value of the square circle and homicide he had a twinkle in his eye… like enki the mesopotamian trickster, cus was using skillful means to make iron mike a means to the most coveted title in all of boxing, the heavyweight champion of the world.often the most intelligent people don’t make the connection: boxing truly became itself when plebian and patrician alike decided that the marquis of queensbury rules held sway. the squared circle became more than a court of last resort to resolve the unresolvable….it was magically transformed with proper rituals and participants into a venerable tradition amounting to much more than a fistfight with witnesses…….read on after the break or discuss in our boxing forumkeep reading

10:54pm  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5y15apw9s
(notes: 1)  
  					
  				    
					
					filed under: boxing zab judah malignaggi tszyu khan 





				january 16, 2014
			

the top 10 greatest heavyweight champions in history
by stafford attzs - the most objective way to measure greatness in boxing is to consider only three criteria: dominance, quality of beaten opposition and significant achievement(s). they are also to be weighted in that order.  if we agree on these criteria then we can minimize bias when evaluating the careers of great fighters.dominance is first because it shows that he is/was foremost among his peers in his generation. it proves that the fighter was consistent and not a brief flame. it proves that he was versatile and had a variety of top qualities; for to dominate, presumably for a respectable period of time over a number of title fights, he would have had to have triumphed over a variety of styles and abilities. he would have proven to not have been a fluke that only looks good on certain nights against certain fighters.dominance is the first sign of greatness.read on for the full list after the break, or discuss in our boxing forumkeep reading

8:08pm  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5y14xv58-
filed under: boxing heavyweight top 10 ali marciano lewis 





				january 12, 2014
			

adrien broner - when the “problem” becomes our problem
by d. simon - maidana melted the wicked witch of cincinnati. the kid with the big mouth, no humility and a bad habit of writing checks with his mouth that his ass could not cash!schadenfreude has never felt so good in boxing land. boxing land is a place where duplicity and being duped go together like peanut butter and chocolate. it is a place where a man like floyd mayweather junior who could not sell a drink of water to a dessert rat, emerged from the de la hoya fight as the man who makes it rain.in his own words, “love me or hate me either way you will pay me”read on after the break, or discuss in our boxing forumkeep reading

2:25am  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5y143asya
filed under: boxing maidana broner mayweather rematch 





				january 12, 2014
			

broner to rematch maidana
according to golden boy ceo, richard schaefer, adrien ‘the problem’ broner (27-1, 22 ko’s), has exercised a stipulated rematch clause for a second showdown with argentinian puncher, marcos rene maidana (35-3, 31 ko’s).broner, 24, lost his wba world welterweight title and unbeaten record to the argentinian in december and has since then expressed a desire, via twitter, to fight 'el chino’ again, saying that a second fight would be different to the first. when the pair met at the alamodome in san antonio, texas, last month, 'the problem’ hit the canvas for the first time in his career during the second round. broner was also dropped for a second time in the eighth round, but showed plenty of heart and determination to the win fight in what was an absorbing contest. maidana, 30, recently took to twitter to clarify that nothing has been confirmed on who he will fight next or a date and plans to rest and weigh up his options. there are many in the boxing world who feel that the move to rematch maidana could spell disaster for broner, but flip the coin and many feel that the american would take the argentinian more seriously and would shine in a second instalment.

2:13am  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5y143y8lx
filed under: boxing broner maidana rematch 





				december 30, 2013
			

ronda rousey vs miesha tate 2 - a fight for the ages
by d.simon - dana white has been called many things. it amuses this writer that people want to group him in with the likes of bob arum when in fact white has already shown the capacity to change his mind, admit error and benefit from changing horses midstream……something one can hardly attribute to arum, a man who would allegedly rather publicly exploit the loyalty of his star fighter manny pacquiao, than agree to step aside and let pacquiao try to make a fight with floyd mayweather. case in point is white’s decision to let female competitors into the ufc.read on after the break, or discuss in our mma forumkeep reading

5:51pm  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5y12ncfz4
(notes: 5)  
  					
  				    
					
					filed under: mma ufc rousey tate 





				september 27, 2013
			

adonis stevenson vs tavoris cloud
by jimbo mcfinkelstein, fightbeat boxing guruon june 8, 2013, it took adonis “superman” stevenson just 76 seconds to announce himself on the world stage; landing a devastating left hand to rip the wbc light heavyweight title from “bad” chad dawson’s clutches. this saturday night, stevenson aims to produce the goods once again as he attempts to keep the lineal championship with victory over tavoris “thunder” cloud.stevenson, 21(18)-1-0, made his pro debut in 2006 at the age of 29. it was a late start in to boxing but he has most certainly made up for lost time. after 13 straight wins, stevenson suffered the first and only loss of his career to date at the hands of journeyman darnell boone; who knocked stevenson out in two rounds. “superman” wiped the dust off his cape to record six straight wins inside the distance, with two of those wins coming by way of knockout. stevenson then avenged the defeat to boone in march earlier this year; crushing him in six rounds.read on, or discuss with the fightbeat expert panel of drunken morons in our boxing forumkeep reading

6:39am  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5yw891vv
filed under: boxing tavoris cloud adonis stevenson 





				september 21, 2013
			

marlen esparza back in the ring
“stinger” karl hegman presents a fabulous night of boxing at the pasadena convention center in pasadena, texas.headlining the card is olympic medalist marlen esparza. more details to come, but the card is scheduled for the spring boxing season.

9:17pm  |  
					url:  https://tmblr.co/zpqh5yvgrcnr
filed under: boxing marlen esparza karl hegman pasadena 




rss feed: https://www.fightbeat.com/rss
			
			1 of 12
			 
			next page


liked posts on tumblr:
more liked posts »



post via stiffjab
                opening bell: on headlines & seo            external imagegreetings folks, it’s been too long since we addressed each other directly. i hope in the...post via stiffjab







			theme is the atlantic by peter vidani for tumblr.
	

