









mocsa home - mocsa
































































quick exit

donate now

mocsa crisis line:816-531-0233 or 913-642-0233








who we are

staff and board
our office
our impact
careers


help for…

survivors
parents & caregivers
community partners


services
volunteer
events

luncheon
night out


news & updates
donate

double the donation


capital campaign












 

















50 years of supporting survivors.
learn more about mocsa's legacy










trauma doesn't care what time it ismocsa is here, around the clock

get help










kansas city needs mocsa & we need you

donate








volunteer









free stewards of children trainingsign up for a free presentation to learn practical actions you can take to reduce instances of child sexual abuse in your organizations, families, and communities.

sign up












survivorscounseling, advocacy, and support groups for adults who have experienced sexual assault or childhood sexual abuse.
find support



parents and caregiversinformation to support a child who has been sexually abused. 
get help & info



volunteersshare your time, talents, or resources.
get involved



community partnerseducation, training and outreach to build awareness and prevent violence.
learn more







mocsa’s mission & vision

mocsa’s mission is to improve the lives of those impacted by sexual abuse and assault and to prevent sexual violence in our community. together we can create a community free from sexual assault and abuse. 


where do we serve?
mocsa’s service area includes six counties in the bi-state kansas city metropolitan area: jackson, platte, clay, and cass counties in missouri, and johnson and wyandotte counties in kansas.
mocsa’s education programs for elementary, middle and high school students are available in more than 30 school districts throughout our service area.





who do we serve?

all gender identities
all ethnic/racial identities
all sexual orientations
all religious backgrounds
people with disabilities
survivors who have reported
survivors who have not reported
survivors who have been assaulted recently
survivors who were assaulted a long time ago
survivors who experienced childhood sexual abuse
survivors who have had therapy before
survivors who have never had therapy
family members of survivors of sexual violence














“i am living proof that mocsa can transform lives, aid in healing, and save people from their darkness.”julie murray, sexual abuse survivor








thank you!
click here








mocsa is a united way partner agency
click here








thank you!
click here








thank you.
click here








thank you.
click here








“having a positive impact on children in our community is one of our pillars and mocsa gives us the avenue and the expertise to do that.”mark donovan, president of the kansas city chiefs
click here








“survivors inspire me to keep showing up for our mission. i am in awe of their courage and resilience, and i’m honored that they place their trust in us at mocsa to find support.”julie donelon, president & ceo








“it is such a safe feeling knowing that there is a place dedicated just to victims of sexual abuse/assault. it is also great that they have helped me all the way through this process...”sexual assault survivor








 












24 hour crisis line
816-531-0233 or 913-642-0233relay services available: 711
office phone (mon-fri 8:30-5:00): 816-931-4527fax: 816-931-4532








address
3100 broadway, suite 400kansas city, mo 64111-2591



followfollowfollow

privacy policy



 



















