









rottweilers reign supreme

you are entering the   oldest/original   rottweiler website and domain in the worldit was first created in 1994 and is old and fragile  there are currently over 500 pages, few are linked. use the search engine below.

something new for all rottweiler fanciers!  see original artwork  created especially just for you!!!
 |  breed bans |
| rott n chatter newsletter|


be sure to click and check out our custom signs below! 



listen to internet radio with archives of rottweilers of today on blog talk radio

do you need a little chuckle today, go watch bett and the hotdog!




  


looking for something particular on this site? 
enter search word here





 




due to many requests i have now made a page containing the rott n poems i have written





 god bless america, land that i love...




 meet hearts, a therapy dog

rae owen demonstrates 3 easy steps on how to load your favorite rottweiler in the car!! 


a rottweiler is...... 






 ...that cold moist nose in the morning,

 
   next a lick across your cheek.
 

   you try to hide in the blanket,
 
   but he thinks it's hide & seek.
 
 



...those sad brown eyes, the ears held back,

   the head that's hanging down.


   for you raised your voice to scold him
    while your face conveyed a frown.
 


 ...that faithful friend that sleeps so close

   and watches all the doors.
 
   you needn't worry where he is,
  'cause you can always hear his snores.
 

 
...keeping those memories of devotion
 
   that's filled with loyalty...
 
   and always that 'tug at your heartstrings'
    from this canine royalty.




 jan cooper 1990






puppy mills namedin philadephia online newspaper!

articles on
cruciate rupture(with diagram)
hypothyroidism (low thyroid)
osteochondritis dessicans(ocd)
coprophagia (urgh!)
wobblers


council of docked breeds 
 please read what they have to say about what is happening in europe and may soon come to the usa!
\\










rottie ring site owned by
 jan cooper

 
              [ next page |
 
              random | 

              next 5 ]
 
              want to join the ring? get the 
 
              info.
 
              










all rights reserved copyrighted 1995-current jan cooper


 



