



 pursuing the word






  










 









 pursuing the eternal word
the bible teaching ministry of john lifflander









submit a comment

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *comment or message *submit   










john lifflander's blog




audio sermons and teachings




videos




youtube page










prophecies






statement of faith






who is john lifflander?







                                    books by john lifflander





what does it mean to be born again?born again christians claim that people who are not born again will go to hell, even if they go to church. do you have a question about this? perhaps this message will give you the reason for these extraordinary beliefs.







call me not naomi
naomi means "pleasantness," but because of the trials she had suffered, she wanted her name changed to mara, which means "bitterness." how do the feelings of this woman of god, who lived thousands of year ago, relate to us, today?


the exceeding greatness of his power – part one
what is the depth of god's power for us, and how can we experience it more fully in our lives?


the hidden treasure of the lord
the scriptures tell us that the fear of god is his treasure for us, but churches today are hiding it by not preaching against the basic sins in our society which have infected the church.



come away, my love
in the book of revelation, jesus threatens to take away the ephesians' church because their love was growing cold towards him. how then do we balance this with our understanding of his great love for us?



the metamorphosis
caterpillars become butterflies, and rocks are changed by heat and pressure. but can a man change into something completely different? this message looks the spiritual metamorphosis of several famous authors - showing us that we can all change.



in his presence
"you will show me the path of life; in your presence is fullness of joy; at your right hand are pleasures forevermore." psalms 16:11 (nkjv)



the floor of the tabernacle
in the old testament there was a fascinating ritual in which a woman suspected of adultery was made to drink holy water mixed with dust from the floor of the tabernacle. this teaching relates this obscure passage of scripture to our own walk in this world.



the prophetic revelation of the feasts of israel  part two
passover is more than an ancient ritual which the church no longer practices - it also teaches us the deeper mysteries of the personality of god as revealed in jesus christ, the passover lamb.



the prophetic revelation of the feasts of israel part one
we find spiritual symbolism in the ceremonies of the feasts of israel. christ is exalted and magnified in them, and as we discover him therein, we also find spiritual understanding and prophetic revelation. for those seeking the deep things of god, this series of teachings should be a wonderful spiritual adventure!



the true blessings: a study of the sermon on the mount (part six)
"blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see god." matthew 5:8 (nkjv) can we as fallen humans be pure in heart? examining the fellowship offering and the feast of unleavened bread under the old covenant sheds light on what christ means in this teaching.



losing christ in america: prophetic insights – november 2002
why is america facing her current problems, and what lies on the horizon for her? this message discusses these issues.



the true blessings: a study of the sermon on the mount (part five)
"blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy." matthew 5:7 (nkjv) christ wants us to be merciful, but to what extent, and for what reason? also, does this mean that criminals should not have to bear punishment?



is he your friend?
we know that jesus loved us enough to die on the cross for us, but do we consider him our friend when troubles come?



who has bewitched you?
are we supposed to worship on sunday, saturday, or does it matter? what was paul talking to the galatians about, and how does it affect our lives today?



he gave gifts to men
god has given each believer at least one spiritual gift - and he wants us to use them. moreover, he has called pastors and other leaders to recognize the gifts in others and encourage their use in the church.



the true blessings: a study of the sermon on the mount (part four)
again, jesus opens his mouth and reveals things hidden from the foundation of the world. his words are like precious diamonds, falling from heaven to teach us the deepest truths of the universe.



the true blessings: a study of the sermon on the mount (part three)
the greek word for meekness is praus, and it means something quite different than how we define the english word meek today. read this to find out what the blessedness of praus means.



the reproach of the nazarite
the rules for the nazarite vow speak to us today of christian commitment, and the reproach that must always follow it.



his strange work (written november 2001)
never has america experienced anything like the destruction of the twin towers at the world trade center. god has a specific message for us in this disaster, and it is important that america, and especially the church, do not misunderstand it.



seeking timothy
timothy was probably just a teenager when the apostle paul said that he had no one like him who would sincerely care for the church - the rest just cared about themselves. where are your replacements, timothy? could they be reading this message?



the true blessings: a study of the sermon on the mount (part one)
who are the poor and spirit and why are they blessed? jesus spoke as no man has every spoken when he gave the sermon on the mount, but how do his words apply to us today?



the true blessings: a study of the sermon on the mount (part two)
this is the second teaching in a series on the beatitudes. jesus tells us that we are blessed when we mourn. however, we surely we know that god does not want christians to be melancholy and depressed - so what does he mean?



lepers find the bread of life
it was a time of great famine in israel, but the prophet elisha had prophesied that abundant food would be available, and it soon was. however, why would god use lowly lepers to discover it?



prophetic insights – january 2000
god promises to reveal the things to come in his word. however, god is a rewarder of those who diligently seek him, and part of understanding prophecy requires some foundational knowledge from which we may interpret it.



your legacy
we understand the incredible legacies which jesus christ and the apostle paul left. however, we all leave a legacy whether we realize it or not. every human life has some effect on the world - what will yours be?



the sovereignty of god
just how much is god in control of our world, and how much control does he have over our lives? also, if he is in control, why do bad things happen in the world?



your word is very pure
as new versions of the bible proliferate at an alarming rate, so too does the criticism of them. is it warranted? this teaching is an attempt to answer that question, in addition to explaining the basic differences.



restoring the cutting edge
in the book of second kings, we read of how a young prophet lost his ax head in a river, and elisha made the iron float so he could retrieve it. the scriptures tell us that everything in the old testament is an example for us today, but how does this ancient story apply to our lives?



the spiritual reflection of marriage
jesus used many agrarian concepts to explain heavenly, spiritual principles, because most of the people he spoke to were familiar with agriculture. however, to understand the deepest insights of our relationship with him, we find that marriage is the key.



is there not a prophet?
a lone prophet, micaiah, stood up and told the truth against hundreds of lying false prophets 2,886 years ago. what could that possibly have to do with the church today?



god looks on the heart
bigotry of all sorts among believers has done much to discredit christianity throughout history. racism has divided christians, but god reveals his view of it in exodus, where a marriage between a white man and a black woman is recorded.



the mystery of contentment
this is an important teaching for all christians. paul said he had learned the "mystery" of contentment. what is this mystery? and why is it that in wealthy countries, people seem to be less thankful and content than in poor countries? this message was written to help christians learn be content in all circumstances.



rebuilding the wall of diamond
when the israelites came back from captivity, they struggled to rebuild the wall around jerusalem. god still wants a wall of holiness around the church, but satan has sought to tear it down. by analyzing the rebuilding of it during nehemiah's time, we find there are applications to the church today.



the bed prepared with myrrh
because sexual sin has become so common in our society, sometimes we do not realize the seriousness of it. this teaching analyzes the original hebrew meaning of psalm 7 to bring about a deeper understanding of this sin.



the urgency of discipline
the high priest of israel, eli, did tremendous damage to god's people by failing to discipline his sons, and his mistakes provide important lessons for us, today.



restored to the king’s table
mephibosheth's grandfather, king saul, tried to kill david numerous times. now saul is dead and king david is reigning, and mephibosheth is summoned to the palace. mephibosheth is nervous, but what happens to him at the palace holds deep spiritual lessons for us as christians.



for you shall die and not live
the prophet isaiah was sent to king hezekiah to tell him that he would die. hezekiah was crushed by this news, and beseeched god to give him more time, and god added fifteen years to his life. hezekiah got what he wanted, but what was god's perfect will in this matter?



new wine from heaven
jesus made wine at the wedding feast in cana, but was it alcoholic wine? does the bible condone or forbid the use of such intoxicants? this study, which examines the hebrew words for wine, sheds light on this subject.



deceiving even the elect  – part one
"for false christs and false prophets will rise and show great signs andwonders to deceive, if possible, even the elect." matthew 24:24



hosea speaks to america
the name "ephraim" is used by god to denote any wealthy but backslidden country. in the book of hosea, god calls israel "ephraim" because their financial security had blinded them to impending judgment, which was coming upon them because of their sin and rebellion. although hosea preached 2,770 years ago, his message is uncanny in its accuracy in describing the situation in america, today.



i love you lord – really
loving god does not come naturally, and this teaching probes the depths of the interaction between peter and our lord when he asks peter three times if he loves him. in some ways, it may be that peter's reactions relate to our own.



life in two worlds
not only is there a spiritual nexus between this world and the spiritual world, there is also a scientific nexus. modern science is actually best explained by spiritual principles set forth in the bible - which this message attempts to introduce.



where is your inheritance?
the tribes of reuben and gad took their inheritance on the east side of the jordan. this teaching explores the spiritual significance of this decision, and applies it to our lives today.



what about those who have never heard of jesus?
what about the natives on an island somewhere who never have heard about jesus and the salvation offered in the bible? do they go to hell? the answers to these questions, which are commonly asked by non-believers, are explored in this teaching. this is also a good teaching to give a seeking non-believer.



the vexation of sodom
the bible says that lot was vexed because he lived in sodom. this teaching explores what this vexation meant, and how it applies to us living in a more modern version of this sinful city.



the wellspring of life
this message is somewhat related to mother's day, but it also celebrates spiritual motherhood - or fatherhood.paul was not timothy's biological father, but he was his spiritual father. nevertheless, it was timothy's mother and grandmother that first taught him the scriptures. this is a good message for teenagers.



god’s timing
god is not late, nor is he unmindful of our struggles. if we consider his timing from a biblical perspective, we can apply this to our lives and profit from it. this teaching attempts to bring a deeper understanding of god's timing in our lives.



vanquishing the spirit of fear
all of us experience fear to one extent of another. certainly we can ask god to take it away, but there is another way of dealing with fear, which is discussed in this message.



the extraordinary spiritual power of music
music is an exceedingly controversial subject, particularly in regard to worship. nevertheless, in this teaching the spiritual power of music is examined, as well its application to the church. even if one disagrees with the message, it brings forth issues for consideration which are rarely discussed.



the first thankgiving
god's hand was on the humble, self-sacrificing pilgrims, who dreamed of starting a country where freedom and godly truth would prevail. find out how the supernatural hand of god brought them to america and provided for them. a number of people have told us that they have read this article before eating thanksgiving dinner.


what does it mean to be born again?
born again christians claim that people who are not born again will go to hell, even if they go to church. do you have a question about this? perhaps this message will give you the reason for these extraordinary beliefs.















search






















