


red tail chasing hawks















soundcontrolplaylist


calvin standing bear

contemporary native american
flute music





homehome 
biographybiography
musicmusic
video galleryvideo gallery
news/eventsnews/events
contactcontact










biography




red tail chasing hawks 2012calvin standing bear is a full-blooded oglala/sicangu lakota from the rosebud reservation of south dakota. he is a talented flutist of traditional lakota music and composer of contemporary lakota flute songs, which are richly grounded in the concept of spirituality. he is a singer of both traditional and spiritual lakota songs. his many talents include mastery of the acoustic guitar.he comes from a wealth of very impressive ancestors. calvin also comes from a line of chiefs. one of his grandfathers is an author of many books regarding native life.













more








albums



fly eagle flythis song came to calvin in a dream. he heard this beautiful song in the lakota language which is to honor the eagle nation. the words have been translated into english. it is an honor to share this song with all creation. the eagle fly's the highest to carry our prayers to the creator.© 2000




























brother hawk
calvin standing bear and james torres joins soothing, tranquil tones of the traditional cedar flute with the keyboard to create musical prayers and meditations in time honored native american traditions.© 1996
                                        





























eagle dances with the wind


                                        red tail chasing hawk's music reflects their native american heritage and spirituality as they join the soothing, tranquil tones of the traditional cedar flute with piano and keyboard. these songs have been created as musical prayers and meditations.© 1995





























wakan olowan (new addition)


                                        calvin standing bear sings the traditional lakota spiritual ceremonial songs. the lyrics can be downloaded. they contain both the lakota words translated into english. review the lyrics and meanings to these songs in this download sacred song booklet.© 1999




































video gallery



"fly eagle fly"composed by calvin j. standing bear
concert: denver symphony orchestra



"morning song"eagle dances with the windred tail chasing hawks, live at "jammin joe's"




"wind catcher"brother hawk albumnative flutist calvin standing bear performing "wind catcher"



"rising sun"fly eagle fly albumnative flutist calvin standing bear performing "rising sun"




"running wolf"fly eagle fly albummoses jones and red tail chasing hawks play at cucuru



"four directions song"wakan olowanartist, singer, calvin standing bear











news & events




june 2019global music awardssilver album award "fly eagle fly"
                                        

                                        calvin standing bear won the silver album award at global music awards for the album, "fly eagle fly". the judging standards are high at global music awards. they honor the craft and creativity of the entry. winners are considered outstanding in their art. view the award at global music awards

25 october 2018native american music awardsdebut artist of the year
                                        

                                        calvin standing bear won, debut artist of the year, at the  native american music awards. album: "fly eagle fly"


18 march 2016 black elk speaks, aurora fox theatre
                                        
                                        music director
                                        
lakota visionary and healer, nicholas black elk, grew up during the waning decades of the 19th century when white settlers were invading the homeland of the lakota sioux, decimating buffalo herds and threatening to extinguish the tribe's way of life. as presented onstage black elk speaks recounts the history of his people from the arrival of columbus to the escalating battles that culminated in the massacre at wounded knee.

                                        


13 december 2015  rocky mountains rebels, colorado pioneers
 

                                          calvin standing bear covered for leon joseph little bird, due to pneumonia illness. leon little bird was their native flute player and could not make it.                  
                                        


20 november 2015granny dances to the holiday drum
 

                                          calvin participated in the musical
production of "granny dances to a holiday drum" with "the cleo parker robinson dance theater" as a flutist of
spiritual traditional songs.


14 december 2014colorado symphony concertmade in america concertcomposer/flutist
                                        

calvin standing bear has performed with the colorado symphony orchestra 21 times show casing his original music. he is pictured here with conductor, adam flatt. he performed windcatcher, quiet one and buffalo's heart. these beautiful works have been orchestrated by cso, cellist/composer, david mullikin. each year more than 20,000 students in grades 3rd though 1th2 (and beyond!) engage with the colorado symphony to learn about and experience the exciting, engaging, and enriching world of symphonic music. students will hear and consider the source material for symphonic music by composers inspired by ancient tales from multiple cultures. 

17 may 2006walden woods project with don henleydedication ceremony
                                        

                                        calvin standing bear attended the dedication ceremony with don henley for ancestor, luther standing bear at brister's hills. letter of thanks from don henley

16 november 2003watchers of the ancient skiesinvocation/performance
                                        

                                        calvin standing bear performed live at the "watchers of the ancient skies". a presentation of lakota stellar traditions at the fiske planetarium, university of colorado campus, boulder, colorado. this program dramatically depicts the lakota concept of stellar mirroring, the belief that what is shown to be in the stars is also contained on the earth. lakota constellations where shown to mirror the black hills and related land forms such as devil's tower. the presentation was based partially upon the information from the book "lakota star knowledge" by ronald goodman, published by sinte gleska university, rosebud sioux reservation.

13 october 1998japanese tourcanyon records recording artists


                                        red tail chasing hawks concert performing  "brother hawk" & "eagle dances with the wind" on tour in japan

28 may 1997concertred rock theatre, colorado


red tail chasing hawks concert performing  "brother hawk" & "eagle dances with the wind".
                                        
                                     
                                        
                                                          
                                         

1995denver airport, concourse acalvin standing bear'smusic plays continuously across concourse a
                                        

                                        calvin standing bear's music is currently playing across the bridge at denver airport, concourse a. red tail chasing hawks performed at the denver airport. concouse a spans 365 feet/111meters from jeppesen terminal to concourse a.the skybridge is the only passenger bridge in the world under which aircraft can pass. 

7 august 1992american indian daysthe standing bear singerspow wow group performance
                                        

                                        the standing bear singers drum group performed at the america indian days pow wow presented by the thunderbird society at the mark twain lake/spillway recreation area near monroe city, missouri. 






red tail chasing hawks



                                concert: red rocks theatre - colorado
                                
                                red tail chasing hawks                    

more








playlist






previous
play
pause
next
stop
mute
unmute
max volume














shuffle
shuffle off
repeat
repeat off










update required
											to play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your flash plugin.
										





music




                                native american music awardsdebut artist of the year 2018
                                

                                album "fly eagle fly" calvin standing bear


recommendations
flyer


news








our location

                                standing bear productions l.l.c.
                                
                                
                                
telephone: +1 303 915 3675
e-mail: cmatonajin@gmail.com



contact form





your full name:

e-mail:

phone number:



message:


captcha:


















red tail chaising hawks


their belief, that they are bringing spiritual music to a secular world. upon taking their music to a native ceremony and getting permission to expose it the world. the medicine man said yes, under one condition, that you discipline your lives and your music will be heard like thunder in the sky. since then they have travel international and performed as far away as yumagata japan in 1997.

                              the music of red tail chasing hawks can be heard while walking through grand concourse a at the denver international airport.


calvin standing bear is a talented flutist and singer of traditional lakota music and composer of contemporary lakota flute songs, which are richly grounded in "spirituality".

his many talents include mastery of the acoustic guitar. he is a member of the sonoran spirit flute circle. calvin's life journey consists of traveling to participate in the many lakota healing circles. he has danced traditional men northern style at pow wows and sings at local native american indian events.

calvin conducts lectures on native american culture and lakota traditions, incorporating old and new flute music for school children at local colleges. for example, he recently collaborated on the flute presentation workshop for children entitled "lakota star knowledge". calvin provided the music narration, "the stars, the black hills and the buffalo", where he described concepts of lakota star mapping and story telling along with the songs accompanying the lakota stellar presentation. calvin is also in the book "kids explore the heritage of western native americans". in this book, calvin and his family help children explore the sioux heritage, including making traditional lakota foods, bead work, jewelry and telling of sioux legends.

calvin attended the "1997 north american indigenous games", held in victoria, b.c. where he offered support to the colorado ute indians for their sports. while there, he performed at the cultural village and main stage. he holds great pride in serving as an ambassador to promote spirituality and understanding of the lakota people through music.


calvin has conducted concerts for the colorado symphony orchestra where contemporary and traditional lakota flute music were blended with the orchestra. he has participated in the musical production of "granny dances to a holiday drum" with "the cleo parker robinson dance theater" as a flutist of spiritual traditional songs. continuous invitations have been extended from the city of denver and the colorado performing arts council.


calvin has produced two national cd recordings, two with james torres (chiricahua/mexican american) as the duo "retail chasing hawks" through canyon records. the cds are titled "eagle dances with the wind" and "brother hawk". two additional cds "voices across the canyon" vol. 1 and vol. 3 also released as his first sole production.


his third cd titled "wakan olowan" was recorded in denver, colorado.  his fourth cd, "fly eagle fly" is a solo production in collaboration with cheche giannotti (italian/french canadian) from barcelona, spain. "fly eagle fly" includes contemporary songs, various sounds, guitar and with traditional flute, drum and rattle. calvin recently took part in the smithsonian's national museum of the american indian living voices cd.
calvin thanks great spirit tunkashila, wakan tanka for the flute. it can touch the heart where voices cannot reach. he is honored to share this music with the world. the flute has been a tradition of our people for hundreds of years. he prays this music will provide a healing energy to the hearts and spirits.





 





we are all related!
mitakuye oyasin









culture


calvin standing bear has a profound love and respect for native culture. his music posses the ability to put forth cultural and spiritual messages in a manner that appeals to most audiences. calvin's music is a very effective learning tool, as he reinforces his lectures with his music. calvin's music captures the heart of young and old alike.calvin often participates in traditional ceremonies. these ceremonies have been instrumental in the development of his spirituality, for this is the native way. spirituality is the most important aspect of native culture and calvin travels to participate in the many healing circles for lakota people or the tiyospaye.



calvin standing bear is a full-blooded oglala/sicangu lakota from the rosebud reservation of south dakota. he is a talented flutist of traditional lakota music and composer of contemporary lakota flute songs, which are richly grounded in the concept of spirituality. he is a singer of both traditional and spiritual lakota songs. his many talents include mastery of the acoustic guitar.he comes from a wealth of very impressive ancestors. calvin also comes from a line of chiefs. one of his grandfathers is an author of many books regarding native life. 




















  copyright © 2019. all rights reserved.  designed by standing bear productions l.l.c. ™












