

















armed forces retirement home | armed forces retirement home












      skip to main content
    








































 like us on facebook
coronavirus-19: latest update
contact
jobs
staff
volunteer

























































main navigation








          our community 


          gulfport community        


          washington community        


          services & amenities        


          our facilities        




          health & wellness 


          wellness        


          care levels        


          emotional & social wellbeing        


          healthcare        


          vitality & fitness        


          accreditation        




          join us 


          become a resident        


          staff & careers        




          donate 


          support us        


          volunteer        




          news 


          press releases        


          afrh in the news        


          our newsletter        


          media contacts        




          about us 


          general information 


          armed forces retirement home        


          management team        


          dod chief executive officer        


          organization chart        


          for the record        




          advisory council        


          property development        














































search






















































































armed forces retirement home














 























  receive world class healthcare


  enjoy the retirement you've earned


  bond with fellow comrades















 


















to request an application, please click here. 


welcome to the armed forces retirement home, the oldest communities for enlisted veterans in the united states.
did you enlist in one of the u. s. armed forces, or know someone who did?  learn more about our communities in washington dc and gulfport ms that offer an activity-filled lifestyle in beautiful settings.  come for a visit and consider requesting an application to live with others who have served.
heritage and tradition run deep for us.  learn more about our commitment to enlisted veterans since our origins in the 19th century.  read about the heroes who have called afrh home.
help us preserve our premier retirement communities for enlisted veterans.  consider volunteering at one of our campuses or making a donation to support our mission.
we are a unique institution:  an independent federal agency designed to provide residences and healthcare to eligible veterans.
  













                     afrh wellness programs                  

recreation services
24/7 wellness center
nutrition guidance
physical therapy
occupational therapy
dental care
podiatry care

 











                     the communicator                  



click on the image for current communicator.











                     building vitality; enriching life                  

we’ll help you achieve true wellness: a healthy balance of mind, body, and spirit to stay strong and build happiness. 
enjoy a range of daily activities—from exercise classes, nutrition programs, and physical therapy to arts and crafts, group daytrips, and live entertainment. each day you can count on our dedicated staff for personal care and hands-­on support.
stay in touch with all that's going on at our campuses by checking out the latest issue of the afrh communicator!

 











  
















 



























































inspector general  |   privacy policy  |  foia  |  section 508  |  fair act  |   usa.gov  |   vulnerability disclosure policy  |  archives


































home
apply now for residency
read our newsletter, the communicator
check out this week's activities!
see our weekly menus
help us by donating!



















