







stéphane lambiel

























stéphane lambiel

















social networks
stéphane keeps a close relationship with the many fans that have supported him during his career and regularly takes part in fan meetings wherever he performs, including in switzerland, italy, russia, japan, and south korea. follow stéphane on social networks to learn about his everyday life and get his latest news and show announcements.

instagram.com/slambiel
facebook.com/stephanelambiel
twitter.com/stephanelambiel
youtube.com/stephanelambiel



booking & media
throughout his career, stéphane has strived to give the greatest experience to his audience through innovative programs and passionate interpretation. his devotion to show skating has earned him invitations to all of the world’s largest skating shows. he has been the headliner of art on ice since 2005 and regularly performs in all that skate in south korea, dreams on ice in japan, and artistry on ice in china. for enquiries, please contact:

christopher trevisan


special figures sa

route du centre sportif 1
1874 champéry
switzerland




coaching & choreo
after years at the highest level of competition, stéphane is eager to share his experience with younger skaters. he regularly teaches at seminars organized by the isu and national federations, and has opened a training center, the skating school of switzerland, in champéry. he has choreographed competitive programs and exhibition numbers for, among others, world champions daisuke takahashi, carolina kostner, and miki ando.

skatingschool.ch



special figures
at the 1908 olympic games, competitors in the special figures event rivalled in imagination and skill to create geometric patterns using the tracings left on the ice by their blades. the discipline was unfortunately lost in the modernization of the sport, replaced by the easier-to-judge but less inspiring compulsory figures. stéphane proposes to rediscover this fascinating form of skating that is both fun to practice and beautiful to watch. try it yourself and show us what you can do.

facebook.com/specialfigures




website © stéphane lambiel. art direction and design: demian conrad design. photos: art on ice, michèle bollhalder, jeannine bourdiau, yuriko imanaga, richard juilliart, kishimoto/ioc, jamie mcdonald/getty images, stéphane lambiel, elina paasonen, fabiano rodrigues, connie roffler, christopher trevisan.










