



robin l. webb, ccim, cha, chb, cpm, crb, mrics










































robin l. webb, ccim, cha, chb, cpm, crb, mrics



skip to content




home
litigation
resume
hotels

hotel background
properties sold


hospitality hotlines
contact
 






robin l. webb, ccim, cha, chb, cpm, crb, mrics

























nique is a word often used incorrectly, but when it’s applied to robin l. webb it is genuinely accurate! an acknowledged leader as the former managing member of florida’s largest commercial brokerage company, robin has an impeccable reputation for integrity, a record of high-level sales production, and is a recognized expert in the industry.


as an industry icon, robin is a senior instructor on the ccim faculty, serves on the board of directors of ccim technologies, and is a member of the ccim institute and ccim foundation board of directors. robin has been recognized by the florida ccim chapter for his leadership and by the ccim institute for his technological creativity, in addition to his previous directorship with the florida realtors.
having earned seven prestigious professional designations, he is committed to education of the highest quality to enhance his skills in serving clients in the courtroom, the classroom, and in the generation of commercial real estate transactions.
robin is the proud principal of commercial america properties which is the trade style of manage america, inc. established in 2005, the cre firm was created to manage the assets of high net worth individuals who preferred the personal and highly professional touch of a boutique asset manager over the practices of institutional real estate management firms. high net worth clients require superior performance along with unyielding principals and confidentiality. commercial america has since evolved into handling brokerage and consulting activities.
the firm continues to provide the utmost quality and local expertise of a professional boutique structure. commercial america strives to achieve the highest level of service to its real estate investment clients, participating worldwide through the 17,000 members of the ccim institute.








 
robin l. webb, ccim, cha, chb, cpm, crb, mrics
principal

commercial america properties| 235 s maitland ave, #115| maitland, fl| 32751
office: 407-675-3656 | mobile: 407-620-3846 | email: rwebb@ccim.net
 

 


comments are closed.





 

recommendations
"a leader in the commercial real estate industry, robin's dedication and support is nationally recognized. in the face of difficult times robin's positive nature and willingness to share his knowledge make him a leader well respected by his colleagues and peers. his support to ccim and the national association of realtors helps us improve our industry's reputation of trained professionals in commercial real estate transactions. he a ccim, cha, cpm, and chb just to name a few certifications he has achieved. he is a dedicated ccim instructor and as such has inspired thousands seeking commercial real estate investment knowledge."
harry champ, ccim, cha
vice president
coldwell banker commercial nrt

 






 © 2025 - robin l. webb, ccim, cha, chb, cpm, crb, mrics
 
proudly powered by wordpress.
 weaver by weavertheme.com
  









