





acupuncture - dennis s. kessler, o.m.d., l.ac. -- beverly
hills .. los angeles .. california - west los angeles - acupuncturist -
(310) 552-0649
















 

 

 
      
 
      
 
      


         
  dennis s. kessler, o.m.d., l.ac.       
 (310) 552-0649          414 n
camden dr     suite 980       beverly hills
 ca 90210      


acupuncture pain management
doctor, acupuncture in los angeles in the beverly hills
office  








 
      
 




               
            contact us 
    map      parking 
    acupuncture 
    treatment 
    experience 
    news 
    web mail      e-mail 
            




acupuncture treatment
in beverly hills - los angeles - low back and leg pain help



 

  
 acupuncture
   for migraine headaches 



 for
better health    -
acupuncturist 


  
 •   back pain - migraine  
 •   joint pain - arthritis  
 •   sciatic
pain 
 •   sports
injuries   
 •   foot pain fasciitis 
 •
  neck pain  -
whiplash 
  
 •  
depression      headaches
  stop smoking clinic  
 •  
prostatitis   
     quit smoking   

 •   contact us        
 acupuncturist  
 •   make appointment      ...saturday available 
 •
  sciatica nerve -
pain management      
 •
  pain control alternative
 -  postpartum depression 





 











   testimonials
. . . 
  




 



 



  "it is wonderful working      
with dr. kessler, for pain 
management, for assisting 
healing, his great muscle 
stretches, and more" 
 —george winston 
pianist  










 


 





 







dear dr. kessler, 
           "for years i went to
doctors all over the country to treat my low back pain. you took care
of it. i can't say how much that means to me. thank you!" 
 —kerry li 
u.s.k.a. karate 5 time 
world champion,
7 time national champion,
2 time coach of the year,
world grand champion 
  











 
 



 



 



 acupuncture 
  











 





 



 



 pain management 




















  

  
considering
acupuncture  
  
acupuncture provides safe help for a wide range of health problems
including chronic and acute pain.   positive results are
typically felt within 1-3 sessions.  frequently there is total
elimination of pain.  acupuncture may be an alternative to
surgery.  pre-sterilized single-use needles are used. 
acupuncture is inexpensive and non-invasive.  health care plans,
worker's compensation, and auto insurance often provide for payment.                                                        (
            back to top )
  
    
  



individualized treatment 
  
dr. dennis kessler uses acupuncture to treat a wide range of health
problems, and maintains a special interest in the management of
pain.  by looking at pain from a traditional acupuncture approach,
and from an in-depth orthopedic, neuro-muscular and anatomical
perspective, he combines acupuncture with specific stretch exercises
that can quickly relieve pain. 

each of us respond differently to the same stimulus.  ideal
systems of health care recognize our individuality, and work with its
unique pattern to bring us to our highest level of health. 

for over 38 years,  dr. dennis s. kessler has been developing and
perfecting a powerful system of acupuncture to effectively treat and
energize patients who have, in the past, shown little or no response to
'traditional acupuncture' or to other medical treatment.  his
style of acupuncture addresses the strengths and weaknesses, disease
tendencies and inherent characteristics of each person. 

an initial office visit with dr. kessler includes an individualized
treatment, based on a detailed history, examination, and evaluation. he
works with you to determine the best way to meet your individual needs,
and takes the time to answer questions. follow-up visits are scheduled
with flexible appointments including saturday hours. 

you are welcome
            to call dr.
kessler at 310/552-0649 with your questions, or to
schedule an
appointment.  his office is located on north camden drive
in beverly hills, where he combines a professional approach to
treatment in a medical setting, with a comfortable atmosphere for
positive results!                                     (
            back to top )
    acupunturist for lower back pain,
sciatic and sciatica pain
background and
experience 
  
dr. dennis s. kessler has done extensive research in the areas of
diagnosis and treatment of low back and leg pain, working closely with
physicians, orthopedic surgeons, physical therapists and chiropractors.
            

in addition to maintaining a private practice throughout the past 38
years, he has worked at the harbor ucla medical center pain control
clinic, the arthritis and back pain center in santa monica, the summa
medical group in los angeles, beverly hills and calabasas, and at the
offices of orthopedic surgeon karl epstein, m.d. in tarzana, california. md and md's


dr. kessler is a faculty member at emperor's college of traditional
chinese medicine, and since 1982 has taught post-graduate acupuncture
and orthopedic seminars in los angeles and san francisco to licensed
acupuncturists. 

after having practiced acupuncture for some years, he was introduced to
the 'constitutional acupuncture system.'  dr. kessler studied
extensively with a korean master. 

dr. dennis s. kessler, doctor of oriental medicine, diplomate of the
national board  for certification of acupuncturists, and member of
the california association of acupuncture and oriental medicine is
licensed to practice acupuncture in the state of california. he has
served as an examiner for the national boards, as well as having worked
for the california state acupuncture examining committee. 
  
call for an
appointment at:   (310) 552-0649.      
               
      back to top

 








  
 
            

dennis
s. kessler, o.m.d., l.ac. 
414 n camden dr, suite 980      
          street map  
     parking 
beverly hills, ca 90210 

(310) 552-0649








  
  
 •  contact us:  phone,  e-mail  or  web-mail    
               
         ( . . . back to top ) 




 

  




 

  
  acupuncture in the news
. . . 


 
            
 
            
•   acupuncture for
fertility: doctors say, 'why not?' — l a times 
•   acupuncture
gains respect — los angeles times 
•   landmark
knee pain study — nih establishes acupuncture 
•   national
institute of health consensus statement 
•   acupuncture
wins support of u.s. panel 
•   aiming acupuncture
at depression 
•   multiple search
engines 
  






 
            
 
            
 
            

 help for
shoulder pain, arm, wrist, hand and foot
pain, 
carpal tunnel syndrome, neck pain, knee, ankle, hip joint pain, 
herniated disc, sciatica and more.  please call for information.






for calf cramps, fibromyalgia,
myofascial, chest, pelvic and abdominal pain and nausea. 
benign prostatic hyperplasia hypertrophy (bhp), chronic prostatitis,
prostatis, interstitial cystitis, 
pelvic pain. slipped lumbar disc, right left torn rotator cuff injury,
thoracic outlet syndrome, 
gout, finger, toe and bunion pain. dizzyness, vertigo, tinnitus,
migraine headaches, jet lag. 05-17-12 






 
phone | parking 
e-mail
| web mail | map







acupuncture in los angeles: lower back pain and
sciatica.
myofascial trigger point acupuncture,
chronic and acute low back pain, arthritis, postpartum 
depression, cosmetic face lift points. holistic, experienced with
plantar fasciitis, morton's 
neuroma, mortons fascitis, foot, heel and toe pain, skier ski sprain,
strain, auto accident, 
neck pain and whiplash injury. acupuncture near west los angeles,
westside, century city. 
acupuncturist for pinched nerve. acupuncture center, near santa monica.
            
  
acupuncturist alternative non-surgical treatment for lower back injury,
            
chronic and acute low back pain, failed back syndrome, sciatic,
sciatica, 
muscle spasm, knee pain, tennis elbow, tendonitis, frozen shoulder,
bursitis, 
golfer's tendinitis, golf tenonitis. shingles, post herpatic neuralgia,
herpes 
zoster. bells bell's palsy, accupunture for tinnitus, migraine, quit
backache stress.






 
 
 
help for leg pain, herniated discs,
bulging discs, spinal stenosis, 
nerve pain, headaches, quit smoking, stop smoking, back pain relief, 
infertility and more.  alternative treatment.  avoid back
surgery. 
please call for information.  lower back
pain, chronic and acute 
disk pain and ache. - acupuncture
- dr. dennis kessler in  
beverly hills (310) 552-0649, close to century city, westside, 
west los angeles, santa monica, culver city, marina del rey, 
downtown los angeles,
and the san fernando valley.
                 
              back to top  


encino,
west hollywood, westwood l.a., southern california, beverly hills - 310.552-0649









