


film school online filmmaking courses cinematography screenwriting video directing college/high school film making online film school lou lavolpe














24th year
learn filmmaking online



login

filmmaking articles 
sample lessons




   

online courses      faq       
about
welcome to film school online! 
we offer home-study 
        courses in all the key areas of filmmaking. the courses  are ideal for aspiring filmmakers and film students looking for the
        competitive edge. created  by nyu veteran production supervisor, lou lavolpe, the program features:





 
online access 
 easy to understand lessons
 basic through advanced
 narrative and documentary



lessons are accessed directly online with 
        password access. they are available when you want them, 24/7, so you can study at your own pace. it's fun and convenient.      





 lessons are online 
 nothing to download
 no advertisements
 safe!



whether you are looking to start a new career or just interested in 
        exploring the exciting world of digital
        
        filmmaking, you have come to the right 
        place.


only $49.99!
film school online is an affordable self-study approach to learning. all the secrets and tricks of the trade 
        have been assembled for you and laid out  in simple step by step fashion. 
there are 7 courses with over 300 lessons 
    packed with information! the lessons are comprehensive, yet easy to 
    understand. study  in your own home, at your own pace, and without spending thousands of dollars. take the savings and 
    invest it in your own equipment!
you will start learning how to make movies right away. no equipment or software are required to get started. all of the lessons are online, nothing to download.
best of all, the program is 
    reasonably priced at $49.99.

  
the original online film school
film school online is the oldest website of its kind. no one 
        offers more instruction on how to make a movie at any cost. 
        from script to screen, it's all here. 
enroll in the complete program and you will receive all 7 online courses with 2 
    years extended access for a reasonable
    one-time fee.
 enroll!
 

no risk guarantee!

        film school online contains 100% original content on the art and craft of 
        filmmaking. the material is presented in step by step lesson format. there are 
        no third party promos or advertisements in the lesson pages. thanks for your 
        interest! 
testimonials

an important note about technology & equipment
film school online! has been around since the beginning of the digital revolution and we regularly updated camera and audio equipment to keep pace with fast-moving innovations. since then, the technology has matured and significant changes come at a much slower pace. new models are differentiated more by connectivity, interface, and ergonomics rather than recording quality (i.e., resolution, color, and dynamic range).   
in terms of pixel count, we've reached profound levels of resolution with even amateur cameras offering 4k ultra-high definition. as you may know, 4k is approximately equivalent to 70mm film. to put that in context, 35mm film was  the standard film format for shooting theatrical films prior to the digital age. though there are sensors that can reach 25k, many viewers cannot distinguish image quality beyond 4k, certainly not beyond 8k.      

in addition to matured technology, prices have continued to come down, especially for used equipment. hd equipment that cost a hundred thousand dollars in the early days of digital, can now be purchased for a few thousand dollars, even a few hundred dollars on the used market! this accessibility is truly amazing.   
because there are so many options available, we've decided to stop updating equipment models on film school online. rather than eliminate this information altogether, we left certain models on the website for reference. this is helpful from a historical perspective, especially for groundbreaking equipment.
the important thing to remember is that filmmaking gear is always changing, and as with anything you buy or lease, it will serve you best to research forums and product reviews before purchasing anything.   
we've also made the same decision for outside links. websites have come and gone over the years and rather than chase links around the internet, we've left the old links in place as a reference.   
finally, we debated pulling down the lessons on 16mm and 35mm techniques and technology, but many filmmakers around the world still shoot on these formats. keeping these lessons provides a valuable resource for them and a perspective on the evolution of filmmaking as a whole. 
in the professional world, you will find that successful filmmakers have a keen knowledge of the overall principles of filmmaking rather than individual pieces of equipment, and so it is here at film school online. if you are more of a  techie than a storyteller, this is probably not the right place for you; however, if you are looking to learn the art and craft of filmmaking for storytelling purposes, you've come to the right place!


courses       
        
    enroll      
        
    faq            
        
    privacy policy      
        
    lou lavolpe

 copyright â© 
  film school online!


