



the hawken shop- home page










4778 monkey hill rd
                oak harbor, wa 98277
                phone- 360-679-4657




retail
                store hours:
                thursday-saturday
                10am through 5pm pst









  







 







 







  







  







 







 








                
          









                
          









                
          








 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     

             
      



in the early 1800's jake and sam hawken formed a family partnership as gun-makers in st. louis and began producing their soon to be famous
              "hawken rifle"...
                ...in 1990 a new and equally great period of the "hawken" story began. greg roberts and claudette greene purchased "the hawken shop®" to
              preserve this valued part of americana. once again the classic
              "hawken" has returned. the hawken shop® is also the retail outlet for all other dayton traister inc products including dayton traister triggers and safeties
              and varner tang sights.











view a great video of our hawken rifle kit!


hawken
            expert bob woodfill details the hawken shop hawken muzzleloader kit
            | advanced hawken rifle









s.hawken
            birthday shoot!

            october 26 2024 10:00 am
            at the greenes gunshop range



click
            here for flyer!









new!
            we have a good selection of new and used blackpowder rifles and
            pistols listed on our greenes gunshop webpage. if you see something
            you like please give us a call.


click
            here!









     the
            hawken shop special!








 
powder and ball horn 
 this horn is designed to carry your powder and a supply of round balls overall length is approximately 12 inches (varies from horn to horn) diameter of the cap is approximately 2 3/4” weight of horn empty is approximately 16 ounces the adjustable strap is hand woven (colors vary) and is attached to the horn with appropriate staples this 54 caliber horn will hold 25 round balls when notches are lined up the horn is ready to accept the balls. twisting the cap seals the channel to keep balls inside. the cap is attached. to the horn with decorative brads the plug is attached to the staples of the horn
              rawhide.
click
              here










sam hawken
              plains rifle kits

original hawken kits - kits are available 95% inlayed requiring only minimal hand tools and patience to do the final fitting. detailed instructions are furnished with each rifle to aid you in matching original wood and metal finish. (with patience you can produce a hawken that you can be justifiably proud of.)
            complete wood and metal finishing kits are available to assist you. 
click
            here for more information











hawken shop knives and
              tomahawks
our world famous line of throwing knives,
              tomahawks and accessories.
click
              here for more information










hawken shop collectibles
our world famous collection of collectibles.
            tee shirts, hats, powder horns and much more.
click here!












 
              hawken shop locks
griffith style locks come completely assembled with cut out for snail machined in place when lock is purchased with hook breech. all parts except springs are cast from 8620 steel. griffith main springs are forged steel, ketland main spring and lehman main spring are cast steel. all moving parts and bridle are case hardened. fly in tumbler for use with set trigger. hammer spur on the hawken lock is checkered. our locks are for custom built rifles. they are not drop in replacements for any factory built rifle.
click here to view locks and purchase











hawken shop breeches and tangs
griffith style breeches are cast from 8620 steel, heat treated to 28-32 rc for strength. can be hardened. can be hand filed. for one inch barrels only, threaded 3/4-16 or 5/8-18, with 5/8 length thread. hook and tang faces are finished with no hand fitting required. flash hole, in breech with snail. drilled to conical powder chamber. octagon is oversized to allow hand filing to match barrel.
              our breeches and tangs are for custom built rifles. they are not drop in replacements for any factory built rifle.

  click here to view breeches
              and tangs and purchase  










hawken shop
              furnishings

our furnishings are for custom built rifles. they are not drop in replacements for any factory built rifle.
 
click here to view
            furnishings and purchase 










hawken
              history
some hawken history...and more
click here











dayton
              traister inc. products
dayton traister inc offers a wide selection of triggers, safeties and speedlock kits for the m98, m93-95, m96 mauser the m1903/1903a3 springfield the enfield p14/17 and ruger model 77
click
              here











varner tang
              sights
our sights are the finest quality, made in the usa. these all steel sights are adjustable for both windage and elevation and have a deep blue finish. upright and windage locking screws are hexagon and tightened with a supplied wrench. our tang sights are available for most popular lever rifles.
              
click
              here











the hawken rifle
              has been chosen as the official state rifle of the state of
              missouri!
image of mazzie boyd christensen, member
              of the missouri house of representatives for the 2nd district
              shooting an original hawken rifle at the hawken classic held at
              the historic daniel boone home in defiance missouri.
              her comment:
              "thank you for the experience of a lifetime!! what an honor!'
----   
 
 
 
 
photo
              of art
              ressel, the gentleman who opened the shop back up in the late
              1960’s shooting an original hawken rifle.




click for larger image
----

click for larger image















