










lexington lawyers, louisville kentucky attorneys | mcbrayer pllc






































menu




why us

we earned our reputation

diversity, equity and inclusion

local advantage

fast facts



our team

attorneys

lobbyists

professional staff



services

legal practice and industries

lobbying



experience

our clients & our work

client commitment

client feedback survey



offices

lexington, ky

louisville, ky

frankfort, ky

frankfort, ky: mml&k government solutions






newsroom

news

events

media & speaking requests



blogs

careers

the mcbrayer mission

laterals

summer associate program

professional staff

positions available/current openings



contact us

payments















search




















 







medical cannabis in kentucky: what practitioners need to know
read more








member mari-elise paul recognized in 2025's edition of wtr 1000
read more








mcbrayer data privacy update: a look back at 2024 and what we can expect in 2025
read more








mcbrayer attorneys help secure new regional economic development initiative
read more








please enjoy our 2024 holiday card!
read more








mcbrayer attorneys honored in 2025 super lawyers and rising stars lists
read more


 



corporate - keeping business "open for business."




real estate - make sure you're on solid ground before you break it.




hospitality law - just another law firm. like bourbon is just "brown water."




healthcare - comprehensive healthcare law services. it's kind of our bag.




intellectual property - the key to protecting your most valuable assets.




litigation - handling disputes with kid gloves - or the other kind. 




estate planning - keep pulling the strings, even after you're pushing up daisies. 




employment law - when it comes to employment issues, choose a firm that thinks outside the cubicle.





 
who we are

since 1963, the mcbrayer law firm has provided successful representation to businesses and professionals throughout kentucky, surrounding states and nationwide. our clients continue to come back to us year after year, not only because of the swift response and personal attention from our experienced attorneys, but because we deliver quality counsel and results for reasonable fees across a wide range of legal matters.
mcbrayer is a member of meritas, the premier global alliance of independent law firms. meritas firms offer a full range of legal services to meet every client need. to learn more visit www.meritas.org.

mcbrayer is a member of scg legal, a worldwide network of 123 independent law firms. members serve clients in major commercial centers and capitals in 63 countries, including every u.s. state capital city and the district of columbia. for more information about scg legal, please see the network’s website at https://scglegal.com/.

mcbrayer pllc has achieved mansfield certification plus. for information on what this means, please visit our diversity, equity, and inclusion page. 



news, insights, & events


member mari-elise paul recognized in 2025's edition of wtr 1000
mcbrayer data privacy update: a look back at 2024 and what to expect in 2025
mcbrayer attorneys help secure new economic development deal with central kentucky business park authority
leading the way in legal excellence: 38 mcbrayer attorneys honored in 2025 super lawyers and rising stars lists
fincen litigation update
ip attorneys bruce paul and mari-elise paul publish article for december lba bar briefs and present cle
attorney jack wheat featured in youtube documentary theft and the crazy history of the cabbage patch kids
another two wins at the kentucky supreme court for mcbrayer member mitchel denham
mcbrayer member rob maclin quoted in november's edition of bloodhorse
mcbrayer named to 2025 best law firms list, adds three new attorneys
mcbrayer pllc named to best law firms® list for 2025
mitchel t. denham to speak at lexington medical society's augmented intelligence symposium
webinar - scary stories from the hr department, chapter vii: regulatory earthquake
burley tobacco growers cooperative association settlement site now administered by mcbrayer pllc
mcbrayer names new practice head in intellectual property
mcbrayer member rob maclin secures client victory in kentucky supreme court
mcbrayer's economic development team proud to support the new facility of american welding & gas
member mitchel denham appointed by louisville mayor to serve on louisville economic development alliance (leda)
mcbrayer member mitchel denham re-appointed to louisville regional airport authority board by ky governor
new record set: 51 mcbrayer attorneys honored in best lawyers 2025
leading thoroughbred trainer cherie devaux and the belladonna racing partnership take mcbrayer’s summer associates to the winner’s circle at churchill downs  
mcbrayer associate valerie michael selected to leadership lexington's class of 2024-2025!
member anne-tyler morgan presents at lexington forum's june breakfast
mcbrayer continues to grow with new attorneys and c-suite executive
mcbrayer's intellectual property attorneys create podcast, protected thoughts!
on world intellectual property day, mcbrayer announces the expansion of its intellectual property practice and more
member anne-tyler morgan presents at kaed conference in somerset, ky
mcbrayer named to kentucky chamber list of best places to work in kentucky for 2024
mcbrayer member mitchel denham named to bingham fellows class of 2024
member anne-tyler morgan to appear on ket's kentucky tonight
attorney alec betz added to strong mcbrayer louisville roster
mcbrayer earns record number named to super lawyers lists for 2024
mcbrayer member anne-tyler morgan promoted to equity member
attorney joseph p. bowman joins mcbrayer pllc’s new frankfort office
mml&k government solutions and mcbrayer pllc team up in new frankfort location
another client victory at the kentucky supreme court
mcbrayer member mitchel denham named beshear inauguration co-chair
attorney jack wheat to speak at uspto spirits and intellectual property: bourbon seminar
attorney phillip pearson to speak at stock yards bank & trust annual professional seminar
webinar - scary stories from the hr department vi: who killed non-competes? and other mysteries
mcbrayer achieves mansfield certification plus




blogs


corporate law blog
employment law blog
estate planning blog
family law blog
healthcare law blog
hospitality law blog
intellectual property blog
legal insight and litigation
medical malpractice and professional liability defense
real estate law blog







lexington, kylouisville, kyfrankfort, kyfrankfort, ky: mml&k government solutions



our affiliate:







 








disclaimer
privacy policy
site map
© 2025 mcbrayer pllc
site by firmseek
this is an advertisement











