








kleen test products corporation - full service contract manufacturer






















































skip to content








262-284-6600request infocontact usoverviewlocationsbecome a ktp vendorcareersoverviewworking at ktpcurrent openingsfaqs 










 aboutoverviewindustry eventsmedia galleryproductsoverviewwet wipesdryer sheetsliquid fillingflammable fillingbulk blendingsingle dosedie cuttingcoating, laminating & sonic weldingmilk filters & teat wipesfda/epa regulated productsmarketsoverviewhealth, personal care & otclaundry & householdinstitutional & industrialdairythe ktp differenceoverviewsafetyqualityinnovationcapabilitiesproduct developmentcompliancesustainabilitymulti-platform capabilitieslocations 


search for:








 









search for:

















 





your brands, in trusted hands®
pioneering innovation, impeccable quality control and unmatched expertise since 1944.  
							discover the ktp difference 
							 





 




homeadmin2024-01-17t13:43:55-06:00 
your first choice in contract manufacturing
chances are the products we manufacture are in your home, you just don’t know it. quietly exceeding customer expectations since 1944, we are longtime partners with companies of all sizes and many of the world’s most notable brands. challenge us! you’ll find we offer the experience, flexibility, service and quality control that make it easy for you to outsource your production needs.

liquid &
tube filling

wet
wipes

cosmetic pads
& die cutting

dryer
sheets

bulk
blending
what is the ktp difference?
simply put–we take care of everything.
as a leading, full-service contract manufacturer of packaged goods, we make it easy for you to do business with us. when you partner with kleen test products, you can expect personalized service every step of the way. take a closer look at what this means for you.
passionate innovation
kleen test products continues to be at the forefront of product evolution in the consumer package goods industry. think it can’t be done? we’re always ready for a challenge.
innovation
speed to market
our exceptional research and development, product design and engineering teams work closely with your brand experts to shorten your lead time to market in a cost-effective way.
speed to market
quality control
the best way to ensure industry-leading quality is to have all of the necessary resources onsite, including: regulatory experts, formulation chemists, validation teams, analytical and micro labs and more.
quality control
supply chain innovation
kleen test products’ team of experienced procurement specialists works closely with vendors to find the most cost-effective way to incorporate the latest technologies into your products.
supply chain
product development expertise
focused on nurturing ideas from concept to market, we possess the resources, r&d support, product design and technical know-how necessary to turn your ideas into tangible products.
product development
sustainability leadership
reducing our environmental footprint is a company-wide commitment. our sustainability program includes the use of recycled or renewable materials and biodegradable ingredients and practicing aggressive lean manufacturing at all facilities.
sustainability
compliance driven
our validation and regulatory team operates with the highest regard for compliance. our fda and epa registered facilities allow for rigorous product testing and complete validation.
compliance
seamless experience
your kleen test products’ team will provide a seamless outsourcing experience from beginning to end. whether you’re starting with a new idea or have an existing product—we take care of it all, every step of the way.
seamless experience
safety
no aspect of our operation is more important than safety. kleen test products associates know that safety is our #1 priority and our excellent safety track record proves it.
safety
multi-platform capabilities
whether your needs are for liquid and tube filling, wet wipes, dryer sheets, die-cutting or bulk blending, no other contract manufacturer can offer you as wide of a variety of product platforms as you will find at kleen test products.
multi-format capabilities
you’re in the right place
begin your production innovations with the expertise and robust capabilities only kleen test products can offer. reach out to speak with a kleen test products innovator, today.

let's talk



 
 





headquarters: 1611 sunset rd.
port washington, wi 53074
262-284-6600






privacy policy  •  locations  •  contact us 

© kleen test products corporation 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link








we are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
you can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.

close gdpr cookie banner





accept
settings

close gdpr cookie banner



 





























































































close gdpr cookie settings






 


privacy overview




strictly necessary cookies




3rd party cookies




powered by  gdpr cookie compliance

 








privacy overview

this website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.





strictly necessary cookies

strictly necessary cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.




enable or disable cookies










if you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. this means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.







3rd party cookies

this website uses google analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.




enable or disable cookies










please enable strictly necessary cookies first so that we can save your preferences!












enable all
save settings

 












 


go to top




