



the canine information library
















 . 

	.

	. 

	. 








welcome to the canine information library,
the first on-line encylopedia
where canine breeds are organized
by meaningful and popular criteria rather than
by the traditional dog breed categories.











the canine information library does not follow the usual breed group classification system used by most kennel clubs and canine reference books. instead, within our on-line dog encyclopedia dog breeds are grouped based on criteria that are most likely to be helpful to prospective dog owners, such as the dog's size, function, temperament, child-friendliness and breed requirements. 

dog breeds by size

a dog's size is the number one criteria for many people when choosing a dog breed. however, apart from certain health issues related to a breed's size the groups of large-sized dogs and small-sized dogs are not as homegeneous as they may seem at first sight. one can find just as many dogs with a laid-back or energetic temperament among the larger dogs as among the smaller sized dogs. similarly, not all small sized dogs are necessarily suitable for living in an apartment or for families with children (see further).























small molossers





giant dog breeds





medium dog breeds





toy breeds





dog breeds by skills




dog breeds by owner's lifestyle and needs 

when choosing a dog, important things to consider are your family's specific needs and lifestyle, the available space, available time (grooming and exercise) and your activity level. the traditional breed groups are not always coherent and may contain individual dog breeds with varying characteristics, which is often misleading for prospective buyers. small sized companion dogs, for example, do not necessarily all make good apartment dogs or ideal pets for families with small children. nor are dog breeds that are easy to obedience train automatically also the cleanest dogs.









dog breeds by temperament and breed requirements

the canine information library is our humble attempt at ensuring that more dogs end up with the owners they deserve. the dog breeds are presented in an objective, unbiaised way, with possible restrictions and requirements, so that our visitors and prospective dog owners can make sure their home is the one best suited to their future dog. with so many different dog breeds out there, it would be unfair to expect from any dog that it lives in conditions and behaves in way that is incompatible with its true temperament and personality. 




large dog breeds









  home
  dog breed finder
  dog breeds a to z
  wild dogs
  wolf breeds
  shepherd dogs
  belgian shepherds
  terriers
  small molossers
  toy dogs
  bichon breeds
  bulldog breeds
  molosser breeds
  hunting dogs
  flock guard dogs
  water dogs
  unusual dog breeds
  designer dogs
  swiss mountain dogs
  laika breeds
  sled dogs
  guard dogs
  hairless dogs
  hypoallergenic dogs
  ridgeback dogs
  popular dog breeds
  new dog breeds



























    custom search
  



















the canine information library 2003-2011 © all rights reserved by
canineinformationlibrary.com and caninebreeds.bulldoginformation.com  





































canine information home > 








related pages





































recommended reading





flock guard dogs and 
protection dogs
large dog breeds
giant dog breeds







 




the canine information library 2003-2011 © all rights reserved by canineinformationlibrary.com and caninebreeds.bulldoginformation.com. 
original idea, design and development by c. marien-de luca. photos of upper right corner (from left to right) husky pup and european wolf cub by eric isselée, bordeaux dog with ball by paul cotney. no part of bulldoginformation.com and canininformationlibrary.com may be copied, distributed, printed or reproduced on another website without the owner's written permission. 





more dog breeds: dog breeds of the world | dog breeds a to z 





about the canine information library: sitemap | about us | history | privacy | copyright | contact 





























most popular pages





guard dogs
american bulldog
bulldog breeds
olde english bulldogge
tosa inu
molosser dogs
dogo argentino
boerboel







guard dogs









sled dogs

















general hunting dogs





water dogs





livestock guard dogs



















excitable
 dog breeds






grooming-intensive dog breeds






child-friendly dogs





most affectionate dogs
(demanding dog breeds)





very active dog breeds








easy to train 
dog breeds









calmest dog breeds
(laid-back dogs)









best dog breeds for children





hypoallergenic dogs





apartment dogs





easiest dog breeds to housebreak




















dog breeds for active people









dog breeds by origin and genealogy


a number of breeds that share common characteristics in body structure and temperament due to their common ancestry. for the molosser breeds it are: substantial bone growth, impressive stature, a short square muzzle with massive jaws, overgrowth and thickening of the skin, a smooth coat.

all molosser dogs are versatile dogs, characterized by their immense courage, loyalty towards their owner, and a strong sense of territory. 

the bulldog breeds owe their heritage to bull and mastiff type canines of indefinite origin, which were used to guard, control and bait bulls, hence their name. they  are characterized by a large head, strong, square build, shortened muzzle, strong and undershot jaws, which ensures a strong and efficient bite. 

bull-and-terrier breeds are descended from crosses between different types of british terriers (white english terrier, manchester terrier) and ancient bulldogs. they combine the muscle power and tenacity of the ancient bulldogs with the agility and stamina of the terriers, without being hyper-active as most terrier breeds.

the ancient fighting dog breeds that were once bred for fighting, for serving as war dogs of for the hunting or big game. dog breeds descended from these breeds usually make very loyal, courageous dogs, some of which are also excellent guard dogs. their character is often dominant and tenacious. 








bichon breeds
































molossers
(mastiff breeds)





bulldog breeds





bull-and-terrier 
breeds





ancient fighting dog breeds





terriers





primitive dogs





shepherd dogs
and wolf dogs






the hair of dogs possess three kinds of pigments, black, brown and red that can occur in every combination or dilution possible. the dog's fur can be solid in color or particolored (pied, brindle, roan, merle, tricolored, etc.). the coat colors considered here are either  functional (or were so historically) or unusual.











dog breeds by color




black dogs





blue dogs





white dogs





hairless dogs














dog breeds by distinctive feature




ridgebacked dogs












bluetick dogs





blue merle dogs









split-nosed dogs





uncommon, symbolic and extinct dog breeds 




rare dog breeds





unusual dog breeds





new dog breeds





extinct dog breeds





designer dogs





complete dog breed lists (alphabetical, by country)




endangered dog breeds




























dog breeds by country





dog breeds a to z





we have created these sections and sub-sections based on criteria that are most likely to be helpful to prospective dog owners to find the dog breed that best suits their family. of course, these criteria are not always mutually exclusive. that is why some dog breeds will be represented in more than one subsection. 






















dog breeds named after a person





other canids (wild canids and primitive dogs)








primitive dogs
(general)










wolf breeds
and wolf types










wild canids
(wild dogs)









primitive dog breeds





official state dogs

















sneeze-free dog breeds: 
allergy management and breed selection for the allergic dog lover
(paperback)
by diane morgan
 in-depth breed profiles of 21 hypoallergenic dogs, including grooming needs, personality traits, activity levels, health issues, and trainability. 
also includes information on treating allergies, including at-home remedies and recent medical breakthroughs, as well as tips for controlling and managing the home environment.
more information:







the atlas of dog breeds of the world
(hardcover)
by bonnie wilcox, chris walkowicz 
more information:












