






bogusred's sketchblog – just another wordpress site















skip to content








 bogusred's sketchblog

 
home
art
projects
music
about me
contact
 





erend and aloy embrace 
posted on december 21, 2024december 15, 2024 by bogusred 


 

watercolor piece from earlier in 2024 after playing horizon forbidden west.
i got very hooked on the erend and aloy ship train after seeing the gemini cutscene. 






the way erend looks at aloy was just too much for me and before i knew it, the blorbos took over.



posted in art fanarttagged horizon zero dawn forbidden west 



enlist! join the vanguard 
posted on december 15, 2024december 15, 2024 by bogusred 


 

i recently volunteered to make art for a 2025 erend pinup calendar fan project for the month of may. erend vanguardsman is the captain of the sun king’s vanguard in the playstation/pc games horizon zero dawn and horizon forbidden west.
inspiration
this idea came from boobaloof in the two minutes discord server. they shared this army enlistment poster and suggested someone make one that says “join the vanguard”. i thought it was a brilliant idea. no one else jumped on it so i grabbed it and made it happen.
enlist! join the u.s. army
sketches
i initially started with a portrait image similar to the original. but the pinup calendar was going to be a landscape format so i adjusted it. 


final
here’s the final art!
enlist! join the vanguard. erend pinup calendar for may
i don’t often have time for fanart but i’m glad i at least got in a few fanart pieces this year. i have a few more horizon fanarts i can share later.


posted in art fanarttagged horizon zero dawn forbidden west 



cyrus tarot 
posted on june 8, 2024 by bogusred 


 

my oc cyrus as a tarot card. for a paperdemon art rpg challenge, the character development challenge.


posted in uncategorizedtagged cyrus oc paperdemon 



art fight 2023 
posted on may 29, 2024 by bogusred 


 

last year i participated in art fight to learn more about the event and see what inspiration i could gather from their system.
as a game with similar intentions to the paperdemon art rpg, it made sense to give it a try and see what makes the event so popular amongst artists.
this piece was my favorite one that i made for art fight. i drew keith chain who is owned by coolkaius. since i drew a character registered in the paperdemon art rpg, i got to earn rewards in the pdarpg as well.


posted in uncategorized 



sepheryn and cyrus prepare to catch the urchins 
posted on august 25, 2023july 29, 2023 by bogusred 


 

promotional art created for paperdemon’s crossover with dragons of aquella art rpg!
sepheryn belongs to eyemittens and was drawn with permission.
before developing a strategy to catch the frilled urchins, cyrus and sepheryn investigate the situation and gather data. cyrus explores the depths in his steampunk submersible.


posted in art paperdemon 



cyrus visits lyra 
posted on august 18, 2023july 29, 2023 by bogusred 


 

cyrus encounters a volai in the lyra portal.



posted in art paperdemon 



cyrus prepares for the elemental festival 
posted on august 11, 2023july 29, 2023 by bogusred 


 

promotional art for elemental festival art rpg event.
cyrus has harvested some herbs and is making a special meat seasoning for the elemental festival. his hair is up in a manbun while he prepares the food to avoid getting hair in the food.


posted in art paperdemon 



willow | the star 
posted on august 5, 2023july 29, 2023 by bogusred 


 

paperdemon art rpg weekly prompt #57
 draw or write your character as a card. are they more of a regular card from a playing deck? how about a tarot card? what makes them that card?
i rarely participate in a weekly prompt challenge, even though a lot of them are fun. i just don’t have enough time to play my own game these days.
but this prompt i really got excited about and had a ton of fun doing. 
the colors are kinda too bright but i dig it a lot.
sometimes i wish i could take a break from website coding so i could focus on creating art and playing the game.


posted in art paperdemon 



cyrus skyllo 
posted on july 29, 2023 by bogusred 


 

if i recall correctly, i created this character during a livestream in the amaru discord server that i helped host about creating characters.
i actually have gotten quite attached to this oc and have drawn him in several other illustrations. i’m not totally happy with his clothes so i’ll probably redesign him later.
minimaid has helped develop this character further by roleplaying him as the investigator in our first guild night rp event.

character name: cyrus skyllo
character age: 28
character species: paperdemon
hair color: purple
eye color: grey
skin color: grey
wing color: greyish purple/pink
biography
cyrus likes to be alone. he has trouble connecting with others and often is misunderstood by others in his life. he experienced trauma in childhood, something he doesn’t talk about. so he’s often very cautious around other people because he finds it hard to trust him. he likes to spend a lot of time researching and gathering information before taking on a task. the more prepared he can be, the more comfortable he is. if he doesn’t have enough information, he can get really agitated or fearful and run away from the situation.
it is unknown which portal is his homeworld. but maybe one day he’ll feel comfortable opening up to others about it.


posted in art paperdemon 



razor leef beetles 
posted on july 29, 2023 by bogusred 


 

boss art for the aridin boss fight art rpg challenge



posted in art paperdemon 


posts navigation
older posts





search for:





recent posts


erend and aloy embrace


enlist! join the vanguard


cyrus tarot


art fight 2023


sepheryn and cyrus prepare to catch the urchins


tag cloudadhd
advertising
anime expo
arpg
art
art process
art rpg
ax
birthday
blogging
bottles
centerpiece
centerpieces
coding
color comps
computers
cosplay
digital art
disneyland
dragon mall quest
favors
google
gratitude
horizon zero dawn forbidden west
hosting
ike
internship
jerle
legend of zelda
music
paperdemon
paperdemonmedia
php
potion
reflection
school
sketches
surviving together
watercolor
web development
wedding
work
zelda
zelda wedding
zmt
get behind the scenes want to get a behind the scenes look at paperdemon development and the paperdemon art rpg? support me on patreon to get access to exclusive behind the scenes content. your support helps cover operational costs on paperdemon.com allowing us to support and motivate more creators.

 





      © 2021 susie sahim. all rights reserved.
		






