






snuglbuds inc., innovative infant and toddler products






welcome
    to snuglbuds
definition of a "snuglbud"



the name given in
    that moment of joy when eye contact is first made with your newborn infant. 






our goal is to provide
    products, services and information for parents and healthcare professional. we work with
    premature infants, full term infants, toddlers and children. some of our little customers
    have special requirements. most of them are just infants with parents or caregivers who
    are looking for better ways to provide support and comfort. we work with hospitals,
    therapist and parents from coast to coast. we carry a variety of retail products and specialize
    in:

support systems for premature and full term infants.
positioning aids for use in hospitals and at home.
custom support systems for a variety of equipment 
and special needs.
innovative infant and toddler products.
car seat safety information, child safety restraints.

the poster (below) is
      courtesy of women's college hospital, toronto, ontario, canada. the poster
      was on display at a nicu conference in tampa, fl. usa in jan 2000



      to view in detail click
      here
to view summary information sheets or endorsements
      click here

      fabric prints for snuglbuds products click
      here 
      genetic disorders resource  list and web
      links  
      multiple and low
      birth weight links 

















how it began











support systems












support pillows any size, any age, anywhere












a unique collection of essentials












locations













where we've been,
resource list, technical information











infants & little ones 












needs & custom work












what to look for, recalls, other links, resources












fax orders



please let us know of any other information or
    sites you think we should include. if a connection does not work or you have other
    comments contact laurie -
    mother of two buds



 we hope you enjoyed your visit, tell a friend










[_private/footer.htm]





