










galveston featherfest birding & nature photography festival































































































galveston birding and nature photo festival      



 
    

































 
















events by day

tuesday 
wednesday 
thursday 
friday 
saturday 
sunday 
monday 


event type

birding field trips 
birding workshops 
photography field trips 
photography workshops 
accessible activities 
fledglingfest 
evening social events

raptors uncorked 




festival details

faqs 
sponsors 
lodging 
shop featherfest! 
featherfest photofest 
t-shirt 
bird sightings 
free raptor shows 
getting here 


register

featherfest 
fledglingfest 
raptors uncorked only 


about us

about featherfest 
galveston nature tourism council 
contact us 


 
























register here!

click here for accessible track! 














fledglingfest





stay tuned



getting here







learn more



lodging







learn more



birdability 







stay tuned














2024 photofest contest winning photos






migrating baltimore oriole
2024 grand prize and week four 1st place by anthony louviere.

 







mockingbird on a fence post
2024 week four 2nd place by julie chapa.

 







marbled godwit photobomb
2024 week four 3rd place by emily neal.

 







spring time bay breasted
2024 week four honorable mention by anthony louviere.

 







sunset songs
2024 week four honorable mention by mike pantaleo.

 







rising ruby
2024 week four honorable mention by dan lotan.

 







rough water
2024 week three 1st place by steve schuenke in harris county.

 







mmmm crab cakes!
2024 week three 2nd place by karl hoeffner in harris county.

 







party time!
2024 week three 3rd place by karl hoeffner in brazoria county.

 







can you see me now
2024 week three honorable mention by jim stough in brazoria county.

 







in the surf
2024 week three honorable mention by greg lavaty in galveston county.

 







feeding time
2024 week two 1st place by karl hoeffner in harris county.

 







migrating yellow warbler
2024 week two 2nd place by anthony louviere in galveston county.

 





view more winners >>















raptors uncorked!
































audubon texas and texas parks and wildlife have announced that galveston has been recognized as the first city in texas to achieve the prestigious bird city high-flyer status. this designation celebrates galveston’s extraordinary commitment to bird conservation, community engagement, and sustainable practices that protect avian habitats and promote coexistence between people and wildlife.
the bird city high-flyer status is part of a statewide program designed to encourage and recognize communities for their dedication to creating environments where birds prosper and people thrive. galveston earned this recognition, exceeding the 27 action requirement by demonstrating excellence in 37 actions within habitat restoration, public education initiatives, and policies aimed at reducing threats to bird populations.
“galveston is setting the gold standard for bird-friendly communities in texas,” said chloe crumley, engagement manager, audubon texas. “from its vibrant coastal habitats to its community-driven conservation efforts, galveston exemplifies what it means to be a bird city high-flyer. this recognition highlights the power of collaboration between local government, community members, and conservation organizations.”
bird city texas is an initiative of audubon texas and texas parks and wildlife department. the community-focused certification program was created to help protect birds and their habitats where people live, work, and recreate.
bird city texas research shows that bird-friendly environments increase property values, help control insects and generate tourism dollars. click here for information on bird-friendly practices.
“our galveston bird city texas team is so proud of the work our community is doing to make galveston more bird-friendly. from one end of the island to the other, organizations, individuals and businesses are contributing to this ongoing effort. we look forward to continuing this collaborative work and are grateful for the bird city texas program as it provides the framework to make good things happen for birds!” -katelin stroman at galveston island nature tourism council and sarah belles at american bird conservancy, galveston bird city texas managers
click here for the full press release.



























birding galveston island

 





greg miller on birding galveston! 

 




























thank you to our reddish egret sponsors.

































































click to see all of our sponsors

























 










  




 
   galveston featherfest © 2021-2022 | all rights reserved




























