




   


firearms owners against crime :: pennsylvania gun owners defending the constitution











































donate :: search
facebook :: twitter :: 




home
support us					
donate
foac merchandise


events
					
events
gun shows


law reference
					
pa firearm laws
federal firearm laws
law reviews
pa constitution
us constitution
writings of the forefathers
lawful use of force
special reports - studies
pa gun rights attorneys
i95 law reference
state permit reciprocity


voter's guide
elections
					
voter guide
grassroots strategies
register to vote


about us
					
mission statement
board of directors
committee chairs
faq
foac merchandise
bylaws & policies
links
foac banners


contact
					
mailing information
contact form
board of directors


more
					 pa gun dealers
pa gun clubs
pa firearm trainers
training tips









pa bill number: sb242
title: providing that any federal action that attempts to register, restrict or ban a firearm or accessory, or to limit, inhibit or regulate the ownership ... 
description: providing that any federal action that attempts to register, restrict or ban a firearm or accessory, or to limit, inhibit or regulate the owners ... 
last action: referred to judiciary
last action date: feb 13, 2025
more >>




more events



there are no action alerts at this time




first name *
last name *
email address *
street address *
you do not need to add your city or state, our system will do it
zipcode *



 


quote of the week
"of those men who have overturned the liberties of republics, the greatest number have begun their career by paying an obsequious court to the people, commencing demagogues and ending tyrants." - alexander hamilton (1787)



general news
newsletter
legal news
defense stories





no effect from "red flag" law in california: jama study :: 06/10/2022
on april 5, 2022, the jama (journal of the american medical association) network open published a study attempting to find a reduction in firearms fatal and non-fatal injuries associated with the very aggressive implementation of a “red flag” law, also known as a gun violence restraining order or gvro, in san diego county, california.
more

fbi data contradicts murphy's claims on young adults and active shootings :: 06/10/2022
while the senate negotiations on a legislative response to the recent mass murders in buffalo and uvalde continue, connecticut sen. chris murphy told cnn on thursday morning that an attempt to ban adults under the age of 21 from purchasing modern sporting rifles is now “off the table” as the two sides work to find something they can present to their colleagues that might win approval from 10 republican senators.
more

"suspicious person" shot and killed by school resource officer outside elementary school :: 06/10/2022
a man was shot and killed by a police officer serving as a school resource officer in gadsden, alabama on thursday after allegedly attacking the officer in the school’s parking lot.
more

ana navarro loses it over facts that hurt anti-gun narrative :: 06/10/2022
ana navarro is supposedly a republican, though i’ve seen no evidence of that since she started working regularly on television. in fact, she’s routinely spouting the same left-leaning dogma you’d expect out of someone who works for cnn.
more

more gun related news




foac's weekly message for saturday march 5th 2022 :: 03/05/2022
as we watch history unfold, we are seeing it repeat.
more

foac-illea top weekly news stories for the week of february 19, 2022 :: 02/19/2022
i am writing this week’s installment from the “friendly skies”.
more

foac's weekly message for saturday february 19th 2022 :: 02/19/2022
i am writing this week’s installment from the “friendly skies”.
more

foac's weekly message for friday february 4th 2022 :: 02/04/2022
since our last installment we have seen success in the pa legislature, falling bridges in pittsburgh, horrible weather, bad roads, and governor wolf once more advocating for elected officials to break the law. 
more





fpc appellate win blocks pittsburgh, pa gun control scheme :: 05/27/2022
pittsburgh, pa (may 27, 2022) –  firearms policy coalition (fpc) and fpc action foundation (fpcaf) today announced an appellate victory in foac v. pittsburgh, penn., a lawsuit filed in 2019 in response to a gun control scheme enacted by the city and its then-mayor, bill peduto. the opinion, filed earlier today, is available at fpclaw.org.
more

pittsburgh's gun ordinances against struck down in court :: 05/27/2022
pittsburgh, pa — an attempt to regulate guns within city limits has again been struck down by a state appeals court in this western pennsylvania city.
more

9th circuit strikes down california’s semi-auto gun ban for young adults :: 05/12/2022
bellevue, wa –  -(ammoland.com)- a three-judge panel for the ninth u.s. circuit court of appeals on wednesday struck down a california prohibition on sales of semiautomatic rifles to young adults in the 18-20-year-old range, remanding the case back to the district court for further proceedings in a win for the second amendment foundation. the case is known as jones v. bonta.
more

new york ag seeks court-appointed overseers for nra, removal of wayne lapierre :: 05/05/2022
fresh off the denial of her request to see the country’s largest gun-rights group dissolved, new york attorney general letitia james (d.) is back in court seeking new penalties for the organization.
more

more legal news




ohio self-defense: ohio man shoots intruder assaulting homeowner during attempted break-in, police say :: 05/29/2022
two ohio homeowners shot an intruder who attempted a home invasion and assaulted the residents on saturday, police say.
more

west virginia self-defense: police: woman with pistol killed man who shot at crowd of people in charleston :: 05/26/2022
updated: 8:30 a.m., 5/26/22
more

florida self-defense: nearly 70-year-old orange county woman recounts shooting, killing intruder :: 05/23/2022
an orange county woman recounted her horrifying experience of shooting an intruder that broke into her home on sunday.
more

california self-defense: jewelry store employees fight off smash-and-grab robbers in huntington beach :: 05/23/2022
huntington beach, calif. - employees at a huntington beach jewelry store fought back against smash-and-grab robbers sunday.
more

more defense stories



 





mission statement
privacy policy

contact us


copyright © 2025 firearms owners against crime, p.o. box 213, presto, pa 15142
website design and application development by davidcdalton.com








