





ajiveena – news & more






































































 

homeprofile 

about us milestones events
productscustomizationapprovalsqualitycontact us 

careers
available on gem





menu


















 











 





 






welcome to the world of  certified styling 

look around 







 






feel cared & comfortable
with our fashionable workwears 

look around 

feel cared & comfortable
with our fashionable  workwears 







 






building trust &  confidence within... 

look around 







 






safety of people is our  main motive & objective 

look around 







 






contacting us is the first step  towards turning the invisible into visible 

look around 

contacting us is the first step  towards turning the invisible into visible 







 






ajiveena certified clothing
all about safety
all about quality 

look around 







 






innocence of visibility can never never be ignored 

look around 



 





















products 



























								certified clothing							







								explore							



















								reflective tapes							







								explore							



















								reflective sheeting							







								explore							



















								high visibility fabrics							







								explore							



















								reflective signs							







								explore							

















 



 














technology 
















retro reflection 



retroreflection occurs when surfaces return the directed light to its source. this is why retroreflective materials appear brightest to observers located near the light source – a driver and the vehicle headlights, for example, the report the pedestrian who wears reflective garment can be protected by car accidents about 90% proves the importance of the reflective effectiveness.
















spherical reflection 



each glass bead works as follows : an incoming light beam refracts as it passes through the front surface of the glass bead and reflected off a mirrored surface behind the bead again. the beam then passes back through the front surface, and returns toward the light sources.










cube corner reflection 



cube corners are retro-reflective lens elements like glass beads. each?cube?corner has three mutually perpendicular refractive surfaces. an incidental light ray is refracted on each of the three surfaces and returned to its source parallel to its initial direction. it functions like a ball bounced into the corner of a room.












































new  launches 















 

















						executive hi-viz vest 					



















						corporate identity wears					



















						controller dignity vests					















 

















						waistcoat with multiutility features					



















						high-viz contrast tees					



















						technical workwears					















 

















						bikers fashionable safety					



















						reversable warmers					



















						smart rider wear					















 

















						fashionable safety wears 					



















						high visibility round neck t-shirts					



















						multicoloured hi-viz vests					





























 














standards 
















iso
20471/en 471(european) or is 15809 indian standards for hi-visibility  






































								class 1							

								class 1 safety vests are for workers in low impact areas, where traffic flow does not exceed 25 mph and where personnel are working a good distance away from it. 							

























								class 2							

								workers who are involved in jobs where there is heavier traffic are required to wear a class 2 vest. jobs that require workers to work in areas where there is poor visibility due to weather will also need a more reflective class 2 safety vest. 							

























								class 3							

								jobs that require workers to be the most visible are ones that put personnel in close contact with heavy traffic. high risk jobs include accident site investigators, emergency responders, railway workers, utility workers, and survey and flagging crews. 							






















 







user guidelines of hi-visible jackets as per indian & international standards


 









it is important to make sure you are wearing the correct safety vest for your job. avoiding unnecessary accidents and keeping workers safe. always make sure to wear your safety vest, because being visible to motorists can make the difference between an accident free work zone or an accident prone work zone.







read more

































day & night  view 
















































our clients 

























































































facebook



twitter



google-plus



pinterest







© all rights reserved. design by themeshdoor























type your text and hit enter to search





close menu










 
































