





 



















edward h. nabb research center | salisbury university




















skip to main content
skip to header
skip to footer















explore academics



find your program


colleges & schools


graduate school


english language institute


libraries & academic resources


our faculty


regional programs


research


study abroad


internships




admissions & aid



visit campus


apply now


financial aid


cost of attendance


admitted students


new student orientation




experience campus



diversity & inclusion


housing & residence life


university dining


athletics


clubs & organizations


student services


events


news


facilities




discover su



outcomes & rankings


mission & values


campus leadership


campus history


community outreach


campus spotlights


offices and departments


our region


campus map & directions








calendars & events


students


faculty & staff


alumni


give













search salisbury university
search


 search


common searches


admissions
campus calendars
employment opportunities
majors & minors
news & events




gullnet
it help desk
mobile printing
myclasses
registrar 




directory (faculty & staff) 
offices & departments 
map of the campus 
visitor parking 
university police



























 











su libraries


nabb research center









nabb research center


up one section
section home


visit


collections


events, exhibits and tours


students and faculty


educational resources


about


support










edward h. nabb research center







the edward h. nabb research center for delmarva history and culture at salisbury university is a humanities research laboratory for university students that also fulfills the historical resource needs of a variety of community researchers. founded in 1982, it was endowed in 1998 by edward h. nabb, an attorney and philanthropist from cambridge, maryland and renamed in his honor.
family and local researchers frequent the nabb research center for its wealth of information on family and cultural history. distinctive photograph and artifact collections bring the eastern shore of the past 150 years to life, offering insight into its traditions and heritage. public presentations on historical topics, educational seminars and exhibits showcase the shore’s rich history and culture.
our non-circulating library contains books, serials, and archival and artifact collections relating to united states history, the greater chesapeake region and the delmarva peninsula. our extensive primary and secondary regional archival collection contains family histories, correspondence, photographs, manuscripts, ledgers, diaries, local business and organizational records, maps, newspapers, land surveys, oral histories and rare books. included in our microfilm collection are governmental and church records pertaining mainly to somerset, worcester, dorchester and wicomico counties in maryland; accomack and northampton counties in virginia; and sussex county in delaware. archaeological materials, furniture, vintage clothing and coverlets, household items, tools, and military memorabilia comprise a portion of our artifact collection and are used for classroom instruction and exhibits. one of our best resources is the specialized expertise of the nabb research center staff.
the nabb research center is also home to the salisbury university archives and special collections. the university archives serves as the collective memory of salisbury university, from its founding in 1925 to the present. items in the university archives have an enduring value to salisbury university and are intended for permanent retention. the university archives attempts to document all aspects of campus life, preserving collections related to student activities, academic departments and programs, and administrative offices. special collections feature collections documenting national and international history.







nabb research center

visit
collections
events, exhibits and tours
students and faculty
educational resources
about
support





contact information

nabb research center
guerrieri academic commons (4th floor, room 430)

p
office: (410) 543-6312
p
fax: (410) 543-6203
e
nabbcenter@salisbury.edu
















today's hours

more hours








what's happening at su







su earns 'research colleges and universities' carnegie classification
february 13, 2025







ten from su named fulbright student semifinalists
february 12, 2025



more news






feb
15


dynasty battles piano concert










feb
15


'air pollution's hidden impact' lecture






more events












visit salisbury


apply now


request info











1101 camden avenue
salisbury, md 21801
410-543-6000





news and events


academic calendar


libraries






give to su


careers


bookstore





























privacy


web accessibility


terms of use


copyright


student consumer information


© 2025 salisbury university.

























