









welcome - capital automotive






























































































home
how we help dealers
our team

executive management team
business development team
senior business professionals


faqs
contact





menu


menu

 














highly tailored 
sale-leaseback 
capital to the 
automotive 
retail industry 


 


funds new 
construction 
and facility 
expansions & 
improvements 


 


improves return 
on equity &
liquidity to pursue 
personal and 
business goals 


 




















business partner for future growth




capital automotive advantage
as the first company solely focused on providing highly tailored sale-leaseback capital to the automotive retail industry, capital automotive has supported automobile dealers since 1998.

we have assisted dealer groups in growing their organizations, acquiring new locations, upgrading existing facilities, constructing new stores, and facilitating estate planning and partner buyouts.
your automotive partner




we have you covered
real-estate property types

new car

used car

auction sites

body shops

other auto


we have you covered
real-estate property types

new car

used car

auction sites

body shops

other automotive


experience where it counts
financial benefits
unlock frozen capital
to fund acquisition activity, equity redemptions, estate planning, and deleveraging.
improve returns
by 100% leveraging of real estate
hedge interest rate risk
by locking in a fixed rate, subject only to cpi escalators.
reduce leverage
by funding construction and acquisitions without assuming additional mortgage debt.
maximize financial flexibility
by increasing borrowing capacity and eliminating the bank’s need to syndicate large deals.
mitigate business risk
by partnering with financial and industry experts.


industry leading cumulative investments
north american investment since 1998$5.5 billionin acquisitions
47states + canadian provinces
618properties
1000+franchises


united states and canada


north america investment
why capital automotive?
our creation was a collaboration of automobile dealers and experts in real estate and finance. since inception, our team of professionals has developed and maintained relationships throughout the industry that have provided us with an in-house level of expertise unparalleled in the marketplace. by listening to our clients and prospects, we continue to add new products and tailor existing products to better serve the auto retail industry.




transaction services
how we help dealers
follow a manual added link
sale-leaseback
with a tax deferral option in the u.s.

follow a manual added link
mergers &  acquisition support
you can rely on capital automotive’s underwriting.

follow a manual added link
construction funding
remodel or expand facilities whenever necessary.



diversified portfolio
45+ brands represented
  

we are here to help
questions? start with our faqssee our faqs

   

 the first company solely focused on providing highly tailored sale- leaseback capital to the automotive retail industry, supporting automobile dealers since 1998.

explore how we help dealers
executive management team
business development team
faqs
contact

contact
 
info@capitalautomotive.com



8484 westpark dr, suite 200
mclean, va 22102






copyright 2025 capital automotive. all rights reserved. legal notice
website designed and maintained by blueunderground [ web + design ]







scroll to top























