





integrated pest management | nc state extension




















skip to main content





county centers
view all topics
become a student
give now






menu











integrated pest management




meet our staff
ipm for … chevron_right

christmas trees
field crops
fruit & nuts
nursery & ornamentals
poultry & livestock
public health
turfgrass
vegetable crops
pollinators
sustainable agriculture & organic production

crop proflies and pest management strategic plans chevron_right

crop profiles
ipm elements
pest management strategic plans

ipm resources chevron_right

agriculture associations
biological control
integrated pest management
pesticide information
statistics & market reports
sustainable agriculture & organic production
water quality

pest decision aids 
weather 
plant disease & insect clinic publications & factsheets 








search this website 

search








en español / em português

español
el inglés es el idioma de control de esta página. en la medida en que haya algún conflicto entre la traducción al inglés y la traducción, el inglés prevalece.
al hacer clic en el enlace de traducción se activa un servicio de traducción gratuito para convertir la página al español. al igual que con cualquier traducción por internet, la conversión no es sensible al contexto y puede que no traduzca el texto en su significado original. nc state extension no garantiza la exactitud del texto traducido. por favor, tenga en cuenta que algunas aplicaciones y/o servicios pueden no funcionar como se espera cuando se traducen.

português
inglês é o idioma de controle desta página. na medida que haja algum conflito entre o texto original em inglês e a tradução, o inglês prevalece.
ao clicar no link de tradução, um serviço gratuito de tradução será ativado para converter a página para o português. como em qualquer tradução pela internet, a conversão não é sensivel ao contexto e pode não ocorrer a tradução para o significado orginal. o serviço de extensão da carolina do norte (nc state extension) não garante a exatidão do texto traduzido. por favor, observe que algumas funções ou serviços podem não funcionar como esperado após a tradução.

english
english is the controlling language of this page. to the extent there is any conflict between the english text and the translation, english controls.
clicking on the translation link activates a free translation service to convert the page to spanish. as with any internet translation, the conversion is not context-sensitive and may not translate the text to its original meaning. nc state extension does not guarantee the accuracy of the translated text. please note that some applications and/or services may not function as expected when translated.
estoy de acuerdo / eu concordo / i agree 



collapse ▲




news and updates

subscription options


2025 north carolina fungicide guides for tomato and pepperthe fungicide spray guides for tomato and pepper are intended for commercial growers and are suggested products or programs …— 14 hours ago, extension plant pathology shufflefeatured2025 fungicide guide for herbaceous ornamentals in the greenhouse, nursery, & landscapefungicide use to manage diseases in ornamental crops is a part of an effective integrated pest management program. efficacy …— 3 weeks ago, extension plant pathology shufflefeatured57th annual winter vegetable conference & trade show-february 19-20, 2025this is the largest commercial vegetable grower event in the region with a high quality educational program put together …— 1 year ago, vegetable production shufflefeatured2024 soybean insecticide ratingsevery year, entomologists from the national cotton states arthropod pest management working group are polled on insecticide efficacy. this …— 2 months ago, soybeans shuffleinsecticide ratings for cornevery year, entomologists from the national cotton states arthropod pest management working group are polled on insecticide efficacy. this group consists …— 2 months ago, corn shuffleinsecticide ratings for cottonevery year, entomologists from the national cotton states arthropod pest management working group are polled on insecticide efficacy. this …— 2 months ago, cotton shufflefoliar fungicide impact on cotton in 2024commercially available foliar fungicides (table 1) were evaluated for the management of two emerging cotton diseases, target spot and …— 3 months ago, cotton shufflemaximizing corn yields: bt vs non-bt hybrids in statewide large-plot trialsbt corn growers are required to plant 20% of their total corn acres to non-bt corn for resistance management. …— 5 months ago, corn shufflewnc orchard insect pest populations - september 6, 2024for all practical purposes, brown marmorated stink bug (bmsb) is the only potential pest to be concerned with at …— 5 months ago, southern appalachian apples shuffledon't give up scouting soybeans- soybean loopers and stink bugs are abundanti call the first week of september looper week, and this year has not disappointed. soybean loopers cannot overwinter …— 5 months ago, soybeans shufflewnc orchard insect pest populations - august 28, 2024not much has changed in the past week, with brown marmorated stink bug (bmsb) being the main pest of …— 6 months ago, southern appalachian apples shufflewnc orchard insect pest populations - august 20, 2024brown marmorated stink bug (bmsb) remains the key pest of concern. as of august 20, about 45% and 63% …— 6 months ago, southern appalachian apples shufflehow to protect your beehives from mosquito spraying following a hurricanehow beekeepers can minimize the effects on their hives
the devil is in the details, most of which are under …— 5 years ago, entomology compare_arrowsfungicide captan is under re-registration review by epacomments on proposed mitigation are due july 31, 2024 
captan is a fungicide which many peach growers use to control …— 7 months ago, peach growers information compare_arrowsprotective measures of beehives during hurricaneswith the track of tropical storm debby poised to make a significant impact on north carolina, there are some …— 6 months ago, entomology compare_arrowsbollworm populations on the decline with another generation on the wayas we enter early august, we continue to track bollworm populations across the state. extension personnel across the state …— 7 months ago, cotton compare_arrowsthe root of the problem: prionus longhorn beetles in blueberriesprionus longhorn beetles, notably prionus laticollis, prionus imbricornis, and prionus californicus (coleoptera: cerambycidae), pose significant challenges in agricultural and …— 7 months ago, blueberries compare_arrowswnc orchard insect pest populations - august 14, 2024we’re approaching that later-season time period when brown marmorated stink bug and apple maggot are key potential pests. emergence …— 6 months ago, southern appalachian apples shufflecucumber downy mildew found, haywood county, august 13, 2024cucumber downy mildew (cdm) has been confirmed on cucumber plant samples from a research plot at the mountain research …— 6 months ago, extension plant pathology shufflewnc orchard insect pest populations - august 7, 2024first generation brown marmorated stink bug continues to emerge throughout the region. temperatures have not been quite as warm …— 6 months ago, southern appalachian apples shufflemore postschevron_right









extension careers

								what separates nc state university from other schools? the same thing that connects it to every corner of north carolina: nc state extension. working hand-in-hand with our partners at n.c. a&t and 101 local governments, we conduct groundbreaking research that addresses real-world issues in communities across the state.
							
» why work in extension?
» view all openings






about extension

									nc state extension is the largest outreach program at nc state university.
									based in the college of agriculture and life sciences, we reach millions of
									north carolina citizens each year through local centers in the state's 100 counties
									and with the eastern band of cherokee indians.
									learn more about nc state extension

social media accounts
facebooktwitterrss_feed


let's stay in touch email
we have several topic based email newsletters that are sent out periodically when we have new information to share. want to see which lists are available? 
subscribe by email chevron_right










about integrated pest managementintegrated pest management (ipm) is a sustainable approach to managing pests that combines multiple approaches including prevention, avoidance, pest monitoring and suppression in a manner that minimizes public health, economic, and environmental risk. ipm serves as a framework to provide an effective, comprehensive, low-risk approach to protect people and resources from pests.
ultimately, the goal with an ipm program is to help stakeholders deal with pests—insects, plant diseases, weeds, and more—with methods that reduce risks to public health and the environmental while saving money.
the north carolina extension ipm program serves as a focal point for team building, communication and stakeholder participation in integrated pest management (ipm) within the state. program goals include promoting effective and economical management of pests, reducing risks to human health from pests and pest management practices, and minimizing environmental effects through the adoption of ipm on a variety of crops and settings in north carolina. these goals are achieved by the timely delivery of ipm technology and research information to stakeholders in all regions of the state.
leadership
leadership of the extension ipm program in north carolina is provided by an ipm coordinator (designated by the director of the north carolina cooperative extension service), an established advisory board, and working groups. dr. danesha seth carley, the current ipm coordinator, accepted the nc ipm coordinator position in 2013.
the extension ipm coordinator involves faculty and staff from north carolina state university and north carolina a&t state university in ipm activities across the state, communicates program successes, and maintains stakeholder input via the advisory board and the ipm portal, as well as multiple training sessions and meetings.
the advisory board provides advice to the extension ipm coordinator regarding the direction of the ipm program in the state. it is composed of a wide variety of ipm stakeholders, including north carolina state university and north carolina a&t state university faculty, non-governmental agencies, environmentalists, north carolina department of agriculture & consumer services personnel, farmers and agricultural consultants.
program activities
the north carolina extension ipm program focuses on delivering ipm content to our stakeholders and community members through a variety of activities. the primary activities include information delivery, pest monitoring and data management, evaluation and needs assessment tools development, and programs to magnify statewide ipm impacts.
partnerships
the extension ipm program is a cooperative effort of the usda nifa, north carolina cooperative extension service, north carolina state university, and north carolina a&t state university. it also works in partnership with the southern ipm center, located at north carolina state university in raleigh, and acts to promote ipm in north carolina and the southern united states.
support
funding for the north carolina extension ipm program is provided by competitive grants from the u.s. department of agriculture’s national institute of food and agriculture (nifa).
 













nc state university and n.c. a&t state university work in tandem, along with federal, state and local governments, to form a strategic partnership called n.c. cooperative extension, which staffs local offices in all 100 counties and with the eastern band of cherokee indians.
read our commitment to nondiscrimination | read our privacy statement

								n.c. cooperative extension prohibits discrimination and harassment on the basis of race, color, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, and veteran status.
					

						 information on accessibility


where next?


about extension
jobs
departments & partners
college of agriculture & life sciences
extension at n.c. a&t
give now






login





close



n.c. cooperative extension has offices in every county
integrated pest management

							campus box 7602 nc state university
														raleigh, nc 27695-7602						



(919) 515-2811 ipm.ces.ncsu.edu









skip list of locationsalamance alexander alleghany anson ashe avery beaufort bertie bladen brunswick buncombe burke cabarrus caldwell camden carteret caswell catawba chatham cherokee chowan clay cleveland columbus craven cumberland currituck dare davidson davie duplin durham ebci center edgecombe forsyth franklin gaston gates graham granville greene guilford halifax harnett haywood henderson hertford hoke hyde iredell jackson johnston jones lee lenoir lincoln macon madison martin mcdowell mecklenburg mitchell montgomery moore nash new hanover northampton onslow orange pamlico pasquotank pender perquimans person pitt polk randolph richmond robeson rockingham rowan rutherford sampson scotland stanly stokes surry swain transylvania tyrrell union vance wake warren washington watauga wayne wilkes wilson yadkin yancey  

more centers, systems and services

advisory leadership system
center for environmental farming systems
extension in other states
mountain horticultural crops research & extension center
nc 4-h centers
vernon g. james research & extension center
district map







close
extension topics
4-h youth developmentequine husbandrygrow for itnorth carolina 4-hpoultry 4-h & youthyouth livestock programagriculture & foodag biotechaquacultureentomology – insect biology and managementexecutive farm managementextension plant pathologyfarm law and tax for producers and landownersfarm planning resourcesfarm to schoolnc farm schoolnc farmlinkofficial variety testingrow crops and livestockanimal agricultureanimal waste managementbeefdairyequine husbandryfeed millingforagespollinatorspoultry extensionsmall ruminantsswineyouth livestock programforest resourceschristmas treesextension forestrycommercial horticulture, nursery & turfblackberry & raspberry informationblueberriescucurbitscut flowershorticulturemountain horticultural crops research and extension centernursery crop sciencepeach growers informationpoinsettiassouthern appalachian applesstrawberry growers informationtherapeutic horticultureturf pathologyturffilesvegetable productionviticulturecommunity#passthemicyouthadvisory leadership systemcareer pathwayscommunity developmentmilitary outreachnc agventuresnc disaster information centertourism extensionvernon james centerhealth & nutritionefnep - expanded food and nutrition education programfamily & consumer sciences programsteps to healthfarm health & safetync pesticide safety educationfield cropscorncottoncover cropshempofficial variety testingorganic commoditiespeanutsmall grainssoybeanstobacco growers informationfood safety & processingfood safetyfood businessfood safety for processorsfood safety repositoryfoodcovnetnc fresh produce safetyseafood sciencelawn & gardencommunity gardenscompostingextension gardenerextension gardener travel study adventuresextension master gardener℠
 volunteersgardeninghorticulturepollinatorsturffileslocal foodsfarm planning resourcesfood safetylocal foodnc farm schoolnc fresh produce safetyhome & familyfamily & consumer sciences programhealthy homespest managemententomology – insect biology and managementextension plant pathologyintegrated pest managementnc pesticide safety educationplant disease and insect clinicweed management in nurseries, landscapes & christmas treessoil, water & airsoil fertilitysoil health and managementwater resourcesspecialty cropsgrowing small farmsnew crops & organics

















 
