



 




dude ranch family vacations & cabin rentals near yellowstone park, wy | rimrock dude ranch


















































































main menu









						
			call today! (307) 587-3970












a family experience in the west
cody, wyoming  |  phone: (307) 587-3970







home
cabins/rates
activities
gallery
the region
make a reservation

guest and travel information


testimonials
contact
 
















horseback riding







whitewater rafting







horseback riding






learn more









dude ranch vacations


rimrock dude ranch, is located in northwest wyoming, west of the town of cody. it is a second-generation, family-owned and operated ranch. bought in 1955 by gary’s parents glenn and alice fales, gary and dede fales are continuing a 60 plus year history of offering a memorable family dude ranch vacation. the ranch was built in 1926 on the banks of canyon creek, with spectacular views overlooking the wapiti valley. we are proud of our weekly schedule and that, along with our spectacular location and small size, averaging about 30 guests, are the reasons for our prolonged popularity.
the week at the ranch is full of energy and fun, including horseback riding, white water rafting trip, a nightly rodeo, and an all day tour of yellowstone national park. we cater to novice as well as experienced riders. our fine selection of horses ensures that there will be a horse suitable to your riding skills.
the ranch is located only 26 miles from the east entrance of yellowstone national park, on the border of the shoshone national forest and nestled on canyon creek in the middle of the absaroka range of the rocky mountains, and 24 miles from cody, wyoming.













what our guests are saying…way better than advertisedwithout a doubt our week at rimrock ranck in late june 2012 was the best family vacation we’ve ever had! we picked rimrock ranch based on the great reviews we read about the ranch on trip advisor. quite frankly, the reviews did not do the ranch justice. it was much better than what was written…  read more »rob nthis place rocksjust returned from a family vacation at rimrock.. all i can say is wow ! it was the bomb!! the wranglers where always so willing to guide you every step of the way their knowledge was spot on. the food.. great. dede and gary could not be more gracious . and the hot tub after…  read more »gloria m“unforgettable memories, outstanding service”it was first time everything: first time in wyoming, first time horseback riding in mountain. the rimrock ranch management created truly family atmosphere. the staff was not just courteous, but very attentive to guest needs, anticipating wishes. my son and i intent to come back with friends and family.semyon ebest family vacation ever!rimrock was the perfect combination of activity and relaxation. everyone who works there is genuinely committed to creating a perfect vacation for each guest. meals were scrumptious and served with smiles, the horses and wranglers were top notch. we slept with our cabin windows open to the sound of the rushing creek each night. we…  read more »laura bamazing place to vacation!one of the most memorable trips our family has taken. if you are looking for a place to unplug and reconnect with hospitality that is top notch, rimrock is your place. gary, dede and the entire staff do a first class job. when you arrive the scene is majestic. cotton wood blows through the air,…  read more »slp-tamparead more testimonials









we look forward to working with you






come stay with us!















name*

email*

phonemessagewould you like to receive emails from us in the future?*


no



yes
commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ

contact infodede and gary fales
rimrock dude ranch
2728 northfork route
cody, wy 82414
phone: (307) 587-3970
email: dede@rimrockranch.com

 

sitemap




© 2025 rimrock dude ranch | sitemap | privacy policy

		
		 | 






homecabins/ratesactivitiesgallerythe regionmake a reservation

guest and travel information back
testimonialscontact

				× close panel			


























 
