







drinking water inspectorate







































skip to main content






cookies on dwi.gov.uk

                        we use some essential cookies to make this website work.                    

                        we’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use dwi.gov.uk, remember your settings and improve our services.                    

                        we also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services.                    





                accept additional cookies            

                reject additional cookies            

                view cookies            









 





what’s new
press & media
 

search



            search        



search











what we do
consumers
water companies
private water supplies
drinking water products
research
nis
security and emergencies
 

                        menu
                    

what we do
consumers
water companies
private water supplies
drinking water products
research
nis
security and emergencies
what’s new
press & media
 













welcome to the
drinking water inspectorate






the drinking water inspectorate (dwi) was formed in 1990 to provide independent reassurance that
water supplies in england and wales are safe and drinking water quality is acceptable to consumers.
drinking water 2023safe, clean drinking water is vital to public health and the wellbeing of our society, now and into the future. this is the central tenet of the vision and strategy of the drinking water inspectorate. drinking water 2023 published in july 2024. view the 2023 reporttriennial reports 2020-2022three yearly report for both england and wales on the quality of drinking water to inform consumers. view the triennial reports
highlightswhat we do  consumers  water companies  private water supplies  drinking water products  research  
what’s new?dwi job vacancies 10 january 2025learn about our inspector job vacancies – work for the dwi. chlorine podcast published 24 october 2024we have published our second on tap podcast on our website. lead podcast published 20 september 2024we have published our first on tap podcast on our website. publication of research report “cyanotoxins in raw surface waters” 13 august 2024the dwi commissioned research into cyantoxins in raw surface waters to determine the scientific relevance of any prescribed standard for microcystin-lr (mc-lr), its occurrence in… drinking water 2023 – public supplies wales – annual report published 16 july 2024we have published drinking water 2023 – public supplies wales annual report. drinking water 2023 – public supplies england – annual report published 9 july 2024we have published drinking water 2023 – public supplies england annual report. drinking water quality in england is excellent, with public supplies consistently meeting the… 
05regions in england and wales25water companiesuse our map to find your local water company
find contact details, report a problem, look at incidents in your area.
see ongoing improvement in your area, how your water company is improving and find the water quality in your area.
find your local company
contact us

water quality
if you are concerned about the quality of your drinking water you should contact your water company in the first instance. a number for your water company can be found here.
 
learn more about your water

the drinking water inspectorate provides information and advice to consumers on the quality of drinking water.
advice for finding a plumber
algae in drinking water
animals in drinking water
bills and compensation
blue water/copper in drinking water
boil water notice
bottled water
chlorine
view all leaflets










share this page










                            share on                        
                        linkedin                    









support links
help
privacy policy
accessibility statement
cookie preferences
 



                    all content is available under the open government licence v3.0 except where otherwise stated.                




 





                            © crown copyright






tell us whether you accept cookieswe use cookies to collect information about how you use gov.uk. we use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve government services.cookie consent




close






cookies on dwi.gov.uk 
cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website.
we use cookies to store information about how you use the dwi.gov.uk website, such as the pages you visit.
find out more about cookies on dwi.gov.uk
cookie settings
we use 3 types of cookie. you can choose which cookies you're happy for us to use.

 





                                strictly necessary cookies                            


 strictly necessary cookies 


                                    always on                                



these essential cookies do things like remember your progress through a form.
they always need to be on.






                                cookies that measure website use                            


cookies that measure website use




we use google analytics to measure how you use the website so we can improve it based on user needs. 
google analytics sets cookies that store anonymised information about:

how you got to the site
the pages you visit on dwi.gov.uk and how long you spend on each page
what you click on while you're visiting the site







                                cookies that help with our communications and marketing                            


cookies that help with our communications and marketing




some dwi.gov.uk pages may contain content from other sites, like youtube or flickr, which may set their own cookies. these sites are sometimes called ‘third party’ services. this tells us how many people are seeing the content and whether it’s useful.
in addition, if you share a link to a dwi.gov.uk page, the service you share it on (for example, facebook) may set a cookie. we have no control over cookies set on other websites - you can turn them off, but not through us.












save & accept




















