










how to build websites – the easiest web design tutorial on the web





























































menu 
home
1. basic concepts

part 1
part 2
part 3


2. building a web page

part 1
part 2
part 3


3. building a web site

part 1
part 2
part 3
part 4
part 5


4. css intro
5. css tutorial

part 1
part 2
part 3


6. advanced html
7. javascript

part 1
part 2
part 3
part 4
part 5
part 6


8. misc

part 1
part 2
part 3


 







the easiest web design tutorial on the web
only eight simple lessons, and you’ll be designing websites in no time!
start the tutorial








learn web design easily with my 5-star rated interactive course:  learn more 




get started now – no experience required!
how-to-build-websites.com is designed for total beginners … and for people who use apps like dreamweaver and other wysiwyg apps (wysiwyg stands for: “what you see is what you get”) … and now want to learn what’s going on ‘behind the scenes’.
to really understand web design, you need to learn html hand-coding; it’s easier than you think!
why learning html and css makes sense.
web design apps like dreamweaver are fine, but if you want to be able to build modern responsive html5 based websites, then these apps will get in the way of you learning (because you have to learn the app on top of the code) … and will actually slow you down!
learning to build your web sites using html will give you far better control over the process, and ultimately your web sites. on top of that, you will have a far deeper understanding of the web, and as a result you will create better websites quicker – much quicker.
get web hosting and a domain for an amazing price:
if you are going to learn web design, you will need to learn about hosting and domain names. get your domain name (website address) before someone else does! get hosting today for as little as $2.26/month. less than the cost of a good cup of coffee! 



three ways to learn web design:

buy my 5 star rated book on amazon.
get my interactive video course on web design … and it covers much more!
do this websites’ tutorial: start learning basic html concepts »

if you have questions, feel free to contact me.
stefan 

latest blog posts


the elements of effective online education
july 6, 2020
a question that is coming up more and more often, is how can you make an online course effective? though my online teaching experience is with code (html5, css3, javascript, python, sql, java) and business, the principles are universal. the 4 key elements of an online course: there are many factors, but first and foremost, … 
read more



coder certification options in 2020
june 30, 2020
companies like apple and google have recognized that whether an employee has a degree, had no impact in terms of the quality of the employee. as such, people are starting to look to alternative educational options, rather than the traditional ultra expensive route of going to college. some of the new options include online courses, … 
read more



teach code without experience with studioweb
february 27, 2020
studioweb is designed to allow teachers with no prior coding experience, to be able to teach a classroom with confidence. i can set up a free trial, so you can review studioweb. just let me know. we have courses in 3 different programming languages: 1. python 2. javascript 3. php our courses range from beginner … 
read more






 












sign up to our newsletter:
 









 




summer sale on now!

buy my book on amazon today! 




on sale now!

average rating:  ★ ★ ★ ★ ★
html tutorials, videos and news 
code (8)

css (24)

css basics (1)

css page layouts (2)

css training (3)

css videos (26)

html5 css3 and jquery videos (15)



dreamweaver cs6 (3)

freelancer (1)

html (33)

html5 and css3 (12)

javascript (2)

misc topics (8)

news (10)

python (3)

sponsor (1)

studioweb (53)

beginners css 2015 (8)

beginners html 2015 (10)



teaching code (20)

video blog and podcasts (2)

web design (95)

small business web design (5)

web design basics (44)

web design tools (2)

web design training (34)



web design start here (5)

webmentor (11)

wordpress (2)


video subscriptions 
easy web design training videos
studioweb - teach web design easily

killersites network 
csstutorial.net
killerphp.com

 













stay connected with killersites



top of page








how to build websites newsletter
my web design newsletter will let you know when any new articles, tutorials 
                    and videos on web design are released.








 






categories
web design
html
css
html5 and css3
web design courses
complete web design course
complete web design curriculum
 

how to build websites
hosting guide
get help in the forums
contact & support
about killersites
 

1.855.932.8091
© 1996 - 2025 stefan mischook. all rights reserved.



















