








ppi health - health care policy









































ppi health
health care policy


menu
skip to content

home








			featured post		


the dentist san diego residents trust focuses on both big and small


leave a reply 



for san diego dentist dr. daniel vinograd, focusing on both the big picture and the small one is essential. this commitment to details and to overall health is why many consider him the best holistic dentist san diego has.
 
attention to detail
for a dentist, details are essential. fillings must not be too shallow or built up too much. crowns must fit exactly. dentures and dental implants must align properly or the patient will experience pain, problems eating and never be completely satisfied.
while a mouth may be generally healthy, a single tooth can need careful attention. just for a moment, then, all efforts and attention must turn toward restoring that single tooth so that complete health and wholeness is possible. and a biocompatible dentist makes sure everything used for every restoration is okay for usage in the mouth.
 
the bigger picture
but a holistic dentist like dr. vinograd is concerned with much more than just teeth and oral health. a good holistic dentist understands that oral health and the overall health of the patient are intertwined. the bacteria that decays teeth can also cause heart disease. an acid mouth means an acidic body, and there are health implications from that. an infection in the mouth can spread, and ill health elsewhere in the body can lead to a decline in oral health.
it simply isn’t possible to treat the mouth without considering the whole body. that’s how dr. vinograd has established a reputation as the dentist san diego residents trust above all others: he treats every patient as a whole person, not just a mouth.
in fact, that’s what holistic dentistry is: a focus on a healthy body and its connection to a healthy mouth. doesn’t that seem like a smart approach to dentistry?
 


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on december 28, 2013 by ppihealth.								



			featured post		


what’s the best toothpaste available in stores?


leave a reply 



if you want the best toothpaste for your money and for your family’s health, you’ll have to look beyond the most common brands to smaller, less-well-known brands that are more careful what they put in their products.
you can find sodium lauryl sulfate, carrageean and sorbitol in some brands. and most brands include sodium saccharin, a questionable artificial sweetener that’s the same thing as those pink packets some people once used in their tea or coffee before better alternatives were available.
worst of all the chemicals found in big-name toothpastes is sodium fluoride and the other forms or fluoride. while this was once considered essential to healthy teeth, there are better choices now that are non-toxic and don’t have the side effects. if you want the best toothpaste available, you want a fluoride-free toothpaste.
so which brands can be trusted? you need to carefully read the label of any product you’re considering, but you can trust some products from tom’s of maine, now made by colgate, jason and kiss my face.
other brands you may be able to trust are:

dr. ken’s
the natural dentist
tea tree therapy
vicco
desert essence
weleda, and
spry.

reading labels and staying vigilant is as essential when choosing a toothpaste as it is when choosing vegetables, packaged foods and other products for your family. it’s so important to choose the right toothpaste because it goes into your mouth every day, is absorbed through your gums and some of it is inevitably swallowed, especially by children who don’t know any better.
remember that even trusted makers change their formulas all the time, so a product that’s acceptable one week could be bad for you the next. remember also that some products from trusted makers are better than others. not every choice is a fluoride-free toothpaste that deserves to be called the best toothpaste for your precious family.
if you are willing to put in the time, here is a health homemade toothpaste recipe.


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on december 27, 2013 by ppihealth.								




botox training courses in new york by dr. katz


leave a reply 


there are medical and dental practices mushrooming up all over the country. what can you do to make yours stand out? obviously, you need to offer patients what they want, and one of the things patients are chasing nowadays is botox.
the market for botox has ballooned, of late. women, men, people in the beauty industry, models, old people, young people, even housewives- anyone can avail botox. and you don’t need to be a cosmetic surgeon or plastic surgeon to be able to give botox to your patients efficiently. but you do need to have the correct training and information. and this is where you get it- the online botox training course.
the entire botox training new york course is certified by dr howard katz himself, the man with his name on all the botox patents. not only botox, but he is one of the patent holders for other botulinum toxins as well, such as voluma, xeomin, dysport, and myoblock. the dentox course in new york covers all bases, form the theoretical aspects like toxin ingredients, suitable applications for each of them, choosing the toxin according to the patient’s needs, to the practical applications- how to approach the patient, how to handle the patient, correct administration techniques, and even the legal front- insurance covers, charging and fees suitable for each sitting- the dentox course puts them all in one place for you! and the course is online, so you don’t have to compromise your working hours or your schedule for it, but even so, at the end of the course, you get physical certification from dr katz himself. dr katz has conducted talks and workshops in new york as well as many countries worldwide, and he will be directly available to answer your queries not only just during the course, but after it is done, as well. and the course counts as continued medical education credits for you too!
and setting it up is so simple. you just need to furnish the basic expenses for supplies, and you’re ready to see patients, with a hugely time efficient turnover. each sitting barely requires ten to fifteen minutes, that’s all. the certification adds to your credentials, and the course even teaches you how to use botulinum toxins for their non cosmetic and therapeutic applications, like pain relief from persistent migraines, jaw and mandible ache, etc. throughout the duration of the course you are connected to the instructor, to clear any doubts, and if you have any others, you can contact dr katz himself. the course is an all bases covered addition to have in your repertoire. don’t lose this chance to boost your practice in new york. the dates are given alongside- join today!
 


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on december 11, 2019 by ppihealth.								




wisdom teeth removal


leave a reply 


if your wisdom teeth are causing you pain, dentists recommend having them removed before they become more painful.
ignoring wisdom tooth pain can lead to an infection, as bacteria make their way inside the open tissue. this can affect the health of your body generally. if your wisdom teeth are impacted, cysts may develop in which packets of fluid surround the affected teeth, causing permanent damage to your jaw and other teeth. occasionally, tumours can even occur.

types of anaesthesia for wisdom teeth removal
there are three types of anaesthesia that may be used in wisdom teeth surgery:

local: the area around the affected teeth will be numbed with an injection. you will feel pressure, but no pain.
sedation: you will be made to feel calm by drugs delivered intravenously. local anaesthesia will also be used to numb your mouth. you won’t feel any pain and your memory of the surgery will be limited.
general: you will receive drugs intravenously or through a breathing mask. you will sleep through the procedure and feel no pain. this form of anaesthetic has the longest recovery time.

 
what happens during surgery?
if your wisdom teeth do need to be removed, an oral surgeon can do this in their office. the procedure takes less than two hours.
to extract your wisdom teeth, your oral surgeon will:

cut the gum to reveal the tooth and bone
clear away any bone that blocks access to each tooth
remove the affected tooth. often the tooth will be cut into pieces first to make this easier
clean the area of fragments of tooth and bone
stitch the wound closed, if necessary. your stitches will dissolve within a few weeks and do not need to be removed
pack gauze around the wound, to help it heal

 
recovering from wisdom tooth removal
your recovery time depends on the type of anaesthetic you receive. if you have had sedation or a general anaesthetic, you’ll recover in a quiet room at the dental surgery. if you have had a local anaesthetic you can recover in the dental chair.
 
after surgery
you may feel discomfort for three to four days after having your wisdom teeth removed. within a few weeks your mouth will be completely healed.
it is important to follow your dentist’s instructions after wisdom teeth removal. here are the basics:

bleeding: your wound may ooze blood for the first day after surgery. try not to spit too much, as this blood is forming clots that help to heal the wound. your dentist will tell you how to care for the wound by replacing the gauze regularly.
pain: you may need to take an over the counter pain medication to assist you with pain after surgery, or you may be given prescription medication.
swelling and bruising: your cheeks may be swollen for a few days, and bruising could last even longer. ice packs are useful in reducing pain and swelling.
rest: it is important to rest after your surgery, and to avoid heavy physical activity for at least a week afterwards. try to avoid doing anything that might dislodge the blood clot from the wound, as it will form to help you heal.
fluids: drink plenty of water, and avoid alcohol, caffeine, fizzy and hot drinks for at least 24 hours after surgery. don’t drink through a straw, as this may dislodge the blood clot from your wound.
food: eat only soft foods for the first 24 hours, and avoid anything that might irritate the wound, such as spicy foods, or food that might get stuck in the tooth socket.
cleaning your teeth: wait 24 hours before brushing your teeth, spitting or using mouthwash.

after this you can resume brushing gently and rinse your mouth with salt water after every meal for the next week.

smoking: avoid smoking for at least 72 hours after surgery, and avoid chewing tobacco for at least a week. any kind of tobacco can delay your healing and cause complications.
stitches: if you have stitches, these will usually dissolve within a few weeks. your dentist will let you know if you will need to have your stitches professionally removed.

 
when should i call my dentist?
most people recover from wisdom tooth removal without complications. it is important to call your dentist if you experience any of the following:

trouble breathing or swallowing
heavy bleeding
fever
pain that is not relieved by medication
swelling that grows worse two or three days after surgery
a bad taste in your mouth that doesn’t improve after rinsing with sat water
pus in or around the tooth socket
ongoing numbness
blood or pus in your nasal discharge

source: http://wisdomtoothpain.org


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on october 24, 2016 by ppihealth.								




baby boomers wanting wider doors


leave a reply 


there is a new rising trend in the custom building world that is stemming from the baby boomer generation. many people from this era are approaching their retirement age and with this comes a new sense of freedom and time. we are noticing that many baby boomers are choosing to use this time to build their final dream home. more specifically, they are building this home around the wheel chair they are not yet living in. this is creating some obstacles when it comes to the design of their homes.
in order to have wheelchair access to the entire home, details and standards must be met. a wheelchair needs a minimum of a 36 inch wide doorway in which to pass. this is a standard door size but not all doors need to be this wide in an average house. closet doors and bathroom doors are not necessarily places you need a very wide door and it’s a good way to save some cost throughout your home. if you are looking into building the last home you plan to live in or simply want take this idea into consideration for the future sale of your home, these are some things you may want to consider.
not only is the width of the door important, but also the swing of the door. in most cases you will not be able to maneuver a wheel chair around a door while opening and closing it. the best solution are interior sliding doors, such as pocket doors, whenever possible. this becomes a vital space saver in a home where movement is highly limited.
another focal point of the doors in a handicap accessible home are the thresholds. most doorways that sit between an interior and exterior space will have a raised threshold to separate the two areas. this can be found between a garage and the mudroom or between the entry and front porch. in order to have a handicap friendly home these thresholds cannot exist. they will prohibit access to certain areas of the home if you are living in a wheelchair. to avoid this issue, make sure the entire floor surface of the home is entirely one level, including showers.
standing tile showers have a curb in the doorway to keep water from trickling into the rest of the bathroom. there are showers now called curb less showers that have no raised step creating a continuous flow into and out of the shower. in order to have a wheelchair accessible tiled shower, you will need this curb less feature alongside a 36 wide shower door opening. if you prefer a shower door, a frameless door will work best for you. this door will not require a threshold along the step that most hinged and sliding shower doors require.
the doors and doorways are just one small aspect when it comes to entire home. but they can play a large part when designing your home for a very specific need. in this case, they play a very important part in creating a wheelchair accessible home that everyone can enjoy.
source: http://www.knrslidingdoors.com/


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on october 24, 2016 by ppihealth.								




dental implants






			this entry was posted in uncategorized on june 15, 2016 by ppihealth.								




dental amalgam removal






			this entry was posted in uncategorized on june 8, 2016 by ppihealth.								




origins of the meridian tooth chart


leave a reply 


there are terms that you might come across from time to time, but not really know what they are all about, or where they come from. one of these is the meridian tooth chart. it is nearly accurate to say that it is a term that is pretty much as old as the hills. well, you should have heard that right. if you have ever come across it, and perhaps wondered what it is all about, read on and you might learn something useful, and perhaps how important it is for you. these days it is important not only to learn about new words, but also to contextualize the words you learn. if you can put the new word you learn into perspective, it will be a lot easier for you to appreciate it, and understand why it is important for you.
the term meridian tooth chart does go back, way back to the ancient chinese culture. in fact, like most of the other concepts that originate from ancient chinese culture, it is still being studied and used today, both for chinese medicine purposes, and also for the holistic dental practices available all over the world.
the background
for those who are keen on the chinese medicine, you might already know about the chi, a universal life force. each and every person alive on the planet has this life form in them, and the same applies to all the other living creatures. the concept behind this energy is the fact that it travels through the body. as it travels through the body, it moves through pathways that are referred to as meridians. in normal cases, this energy will tend to flow nicely, easily without any kind of restriction whatsoever. this is a situation where your health is properly maintained, and you are well.
if the chi happens to be blocked, this is where you end up falling sick, feeling distressed emotionally and so many other symptoms such as pain. procedures like acupuncture and acupressure are ancient chinese techniques that often relieve the blockages in the chi. other than that; there will also be things like short circuits or chi floods that are associated with this energy flow.

the chart
the meridian tooth chart that we are talking about in this case, refers to a chart that shows how each and every tooth in the dental cavity is linked to an organ or a system in the body. by the time they start learning about holistic dentistry, there are certain dentists who find this a bit skeptical, but over time, they eventually are convinced about the truth, because they can experience it first hand in their own lives.
what happens is the fact that there is a strong connection between the oral health, the overall health, the meridians and your chi. these connections actually become clearer and easier to understand each and every other day. those who have had the chance of studying the chart in particular find it difficult to dismiss this link at all.

related articles: http://sandiegodentist.org/other-dental-services/extractions/after-tooth-extraction/


			this entry was posted in uncategorized on june 4, 2016 by ppihealth.								




root canals






			this entry was posted in uncategorized on june 1, 2016 by ppihealth.								




tooth extractions






			this entry was posted in uncategorized on may 25, 2016 by ppihealth.								




invisalign vs braces for crooked teeth






			this entry was posted in uncategorized on may 18, 2016 by ppihealth.								




gentle dental treatment – preventing tooth pain






			this entry was posted in uncategorized on may 11, 2016 by ppihealth.								


post navigation
← older posts







search for:



  recent posts 

botox training courses in new york by dr. katz


wisdom teeth removal


baby boomers wanting wider doors


dental implants


dental amalgam removal


articles & resourcesthe best toothpaste is homemade
biocompatibledentist.org
about holistic dentist, dr. vinograd
natural & biological dentistry
fear & dental anxiety
holistic root canal therapy
oral-systemic tooth chart
invisalign san diego location
biological gum disease treatment
dental location, san diego
brighton dental implants | san diego
understanding toothache
the ways to save a chipped tooth
adira vinograd
advice on dental implants
fixing a chipped tooth | san diego
toothache diagnosis | brighton dental san diego
brighton dental | root canal specialists
research by adira vinograd
dental seo | san diego
botox injectable training
www.bodypure.com
http://www.brightondentalsd.com/procedures/dental-surgery/tmj-temporomandibular-joint-dysfunction/
dentox.com/botox-training-new-york
botoxtrainingnewyork.com
http://www.brightondentalsd.com/procedures/cosmetic-dentistry/porcelain-veneers/
dentox.com/botox-training-los-angeles
botoxtraininglosangeles.com
archives 
december 2019
october 2016
june 2016
may 2016
july 2015
june 2015
may 2014
march 2014
february 2014
january 2014
december 2013
november 2013
october 2013
september 2013
june 2013
march 2013
february 2013
january 2013
november 1998
january 1997

 



proudly powered by wordpress










