







colette dowell circular times alternative magazine







 

official website of 

dr. 
colette m. dowell, nd, chief editor



an international 
networking educational institute  


intellectual, scientific and philosophical studies 
- since 1995




alternative health, energy, environmental & more thought provoking studies




contact 

email





scroll down please for 
various articles 


links & navigation 
         

highlighted table of contents

 

circular 
times  youtube channel 
is the  
cosmicgalas channel
or copy& paste in your browser


https://www.youtube.com/user/cosmicgalas

 

circular 
times brings you new discoveries
of scientific and sacred realms. with respect to the ancients, circular times brings forth
lost knowledge
of antiquated philosophers, healers, builders, artists, 
and other
great individuals who have contributed to the collective 
body of wisdom
that is unsurpassed in modern day beliefs and concepts.  



     

"in 
a perfect world we all hope there comes a time 


when right actions overcome wrong doing."


dr. 

colette dowell, n.d.  -  executive  editor and publisher of 
circular times since 1995

dr. colette dowell is available for lectures, 
film, radio, consults, tours, and other enigmatic presentations.




contact email

 

youtube
video of radiation plant 
and human mutations on youtube or copy in your browser 


http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xzyq3dfrtkw



fukushima radiation 
alert 

not necessarily the end of the world, as in our planet earth 
exploding, but the end of our world as we have known it and could live in with a 
relative amount of certainty that life would go on in a reasonable manner. 
life as we knew it before fukushima will never be the same; those who survive 
this era for an extended period of time and on to the next generations will have 
a heavy heart to carry. 



 
 




 

 

 

 

 

 

 


nuclear 
madness  
by dr. 
helen caldicott
what we have discovered so far should serve as ample 
warning that our future as a species is imperiled: we have entered a danger zone 
- an uncharted territory from which we may never return. 

 

 

 

alternative energy

entering the world of anti-gravity


 & electromagnetic forces


- special guest - canadian scientist




john kenneth hutchison

 






 




angels 
don't play this haarp: advances in tesla technology
by dr. nick begich and jeane manning,  1995
 
introduction and scenario of the haarp the u.s. government is playing
by dr. colette dowell, n.d., 1995
 
i loved to watch the old black and white ‘twilight zone’ on tv when i was a kid. 
the situations that were dramatized were far beyond my capabilities in the 
dreamtimes state. i remember the one episode where only one man was left alive 
after the big nuke and he found himself sitting alone on the footsteps in front 
of a library. the only problem was his glasses broke and he was left with 
nothing; wow - that impressed me.

 

 



the stone balls in zavidovici, bosnia



  “in 
1932, there was a terrific storm and earth shattering rain and flood. the 
grandfather heard a very loud crashing noise. after the storm had passed, he 
went out to his creek to find it washed away. the bank was now eroded and had 
fallen to a great depth; it was at this time the balls of stone were exposed.”


       
“the 
stones were charcoal gray in color, some lighter, some darker, they had the feel 
and texture of slate some what. there were broken pieces (large and small) of 
stone everywhere consistent with the same quality of earthen material the 
‘balls’ were created from. you could see circular chips on the creek side. if 
you took a part of a broken round stone and hit it with anther rock, it split 
off like an onion layer.” 
cmd

 



		what happened to robert schoch?


 



moving beyond robert schoch 

my final departure

link to paper on robert schoch to stop the questioning, gossip 
and misleading notes on his new site. interesting in a morbid-insane sort of way 
if you are into suicide, manipulation, plagiarism, narcissism and anything else 
that is scary and weird - and i am not talking paranormal. 

 




 




a 
simple ancient egyptian timeline 


due to the many articles 
published about egypt, i thought i might place this here to give the readers a little understanding of how 
this great civilization developed through the millenniums. it keeps it simple 
and there are photographs to enhance your educational experience. 
 


for those 
of you who are interested in construction theories of the great pyramid  - 
2 theories; one theory is for an internal ramp, the other is for an external 
ramp - see below.
 


khufu 
	- cheops - cheope - kheops

great pyramid 



jean-pierre houdin - internal ramp theory 




with a large power point presentation modeling his theory
 




over eight years have now passed since jean-pierre houdin 
and his devoted wife ‘bulle plexiglass’ (michelle) fused their life’s equity 
into a passionate architectural affair with the great pyramid, located on the 
giza plateau in egypt; “a ramp theory” - an internal one; enclosed; 
continually winding its way up to the apex of the great pyramid by means of 
turning 90 degrees corners; encasing workman hauling blocks of stones weighing 
tons; using rope, cranes, sleds, scaffolds and any other means by which a hefty 
stone could be maneuvered; builders hollaring and lots of sweat. the energy to 
create such an internal ramp can be measured and defined if calculated in 
detail; jean-pierre has detailed his architectural renderings and has come up 
with some staggering factors.

 




hypothesis 
of construction of 



the pyramids of the




valley of 
gize /giza
conceived by:  carlos 
eduardo rodríguez varona


with power point presentation  

 




my name is carlos eduardo rodríguez v. i live in camagüey city, camagüey 
province, cuba. i am graduated of education, in physics and electronic 
specialty. i work as computer systems analyzer in a television broadcasting of 
my natal city, camagüey.



i belong to the group for study and diffusion of the egyptology “pa-ju-wer”, 
resident in havana city, cuba. possess a new construction hypothesis of the pyramids of the valley of gizeh, 
registered under license no. 90-2003 of cenda (centro nacional de derecho de 
autor - national centre of copyright) in havana, cuba.




 

on top of the pyramid of the sun

bosnia.....


"i looked for the bases of the pyramids, there were none, there 
were no defined ridges, the faces of the hills were not aligned with the 
cardinal points; at times depending on where you were standing, they were out 30 
degrees or more from straight alignment. there was no methodology of intelligent 
design applied to any layout of any structure or the pyramidal complex; only 
random points of excavated areas. there were no foundations of any kind, no 
concrete, no man-made blocks, no walls, joints or beams, corners, arches, 
geometry or constructed facets of any ancient structures."  

 

more articles on alleged bosnian pyramids, ravne 
tunnel, semir osmanagic below

 


das cheops projekt scandal


great pyramid khufu - cheops -


campbell's relieving chamber's 
ancient glyphs near khufu cartouche chiseled and taken off wall by german's, 
 

stefan erdmann & dominique 
görlitz for "das cheops projekt"

 

erdmann told the spiegel that 
“..........we have the royal cartouche,"

this great world heritage site 
which has survived for over 4000 thousand years is vandalized again. dominique 
görlitz, stefan erdmann and 
"crew" remove samples from king's chamber and campbell's relieving chamber in 
khufu-cheops great pyramid of egypt; robert bauval makes claims and contradicts 
stories; where is the truth?

 




prolegomena 
to a pattern language

 for 
the new village
of 
christopher alexander "the 
timeless way of building"

permaculture by paul caron

 

 


wild mexican yam 

for all of 
the women out there who are experiencing the radical effects of hormonal changes 
and for all you men out there on the receiving side of all the manic and 
hysterical behavior of your loved one, there is help available. a natural 
alternative for supplementing estrogen. i researched various herbs. i found wild 
mexican yam extract cream for topical application to be most beneficial. i want 
to pass this information on to all of those who suffer. 


nutritional cleansing  diet is the governing factor for introducing 
proper nutrition into your body. proper nutrition is essential for well being. 
assimilation of nutrients however, is not possible as long as the paths in which 
they follow are obstructed and blocked. it is within the small intestines that 
most of our nutritional substances are obtained. therefore, a proper cleansing 
program for both the large and small intestine is required.






beeware - 
in need of our help - colony collapse disorder 




bees create & sustain life as we know it. 'beeware' 





	we need our bees and we should care. please keep in mind that our actions 
	are affecting many species in our world. 








frogs  amphibians  reptiles


our planet's waters contain hormones, pesticides, 
chemicals, toxic waste of unknown varieties and quantities is many areas. these 
living creatures are being born with two torsos and four legs, two heads, three 
arms, wasted immune systems, the inability to reproduce, no internal 
reproduction organs, brain retarded and their ability to live in their natural 
environment has gone array.




 

 


eccentric lives 
and peculiar notions

is the title of one of 
my most favorite books authored by john michell.
 i felt this to be a good title for this unusual paper written by me, 
 dr. colette m. dowell ©1996.

one of my really weird papers --


elongated skulls and 
trepanation.

filled with really interesting 
and informative links..
 
 
 





john michell  
john 
frederick carden michell: writer, artist, philosopher, geometer, poet, & dear 
friend -  john 
stands out as a platonist, an innately wise man, and a soft tender person who 
longs for the return of the 


“enchantment of paradise”.  colette loves you.......
9 february 1933  
-  24 april 2009
 



confessions

of a radical traditionalist

  i 
am always pleased to read a book that brings me joy and educates me in some sort 
of fashion leaving me on a greater note of happiness, 

and more “in tune” 

one might say. 

for those who follow 
john 
michell’s writings 
as well as 
those of you who are new to him, "confessions of a radical traditionalist" is 
a witty anthology of john’s great ability to ascertain truths and speak frankly 
about his observations.

    

    
joscelyn godwin 
brilliantly introduces john’s character with candor conveying his innermost 
qualities of an ingenious soul. joscelyn carefully and thematically arranged 108 
of john’s 
essays spanning a 10-year period of contributions to the oldie. 
john stands out as a 
platonist, an innately wise man, and a soft tender person who longs for the 
return of the 


“enchantment of paradise”.  cmd
 
 



 



the first american

the suppressed story of 


the people who discovered

the new world

this 
is a book about our knowledge of early
man.

there 
are two subplots: early
man 
in the old
world 
and 

early
man 
in the new
world.


by chris hardaker

 


museum 
of world treasures





exploring new discoveries of ancient civilizations:

mysteries, science and culture


with 


comments
 of


intelligent design versus evolution: 
censored


and 


photos 
of

lots of dinosaurs, mummies and weird 
things!
 




is the sphinx missing part of its 
head?




by dr. colette m. dowell  © 2006
 






the 
temple of man


the temple of man
	by r.a. schwaller de lubicz
	original french text translated to english by debra and robert lawlor
	published by inner traditions international, 1998


review by dr. colette m. 
	dowell 
	

© 1998

i wonder what drives personal passion 
so rigorously that one’s lifetime is spent pursuing it. is it the ultimate goal 
of resolution and the final achievement of understanding that surpasses any 
other desire ? or what ? 




for contemplation 





original yonaguni articles -

circular times archive






investigating the yonaguni underwater monuments: 
by dr. colette m. dowell © 1997 



diving for lemuria  
by john anthony west © 1998


enigmatic yonaguni underwater monuments  
by dr. robert m. 
schoch © 1999

 



moving beyond robert schoch 


my final departure

link to paper on robert schoch to stop the questioning, gossip 
and misleading notes on his new site. interesting in a morbid-insane sort of way 
if you are into suicide, manipulation, plagiarism, narcissism and anything else 
that is scary and weird - and i am not talking paranormal. 



 

bosnian pyramid schemes again 

   part one

note: the link below will 
take time to load as it is filled with many photographs - please be patient.
semir osmanagich 


a paper on the controversies surrounding the 
ancient inscriptions


 on the t1 and the t2


megaliths found in the ravne tunnel

 having originally claimed "the world's largest pyramid" was 
erected in visoko, bosnia, 12,000 years ago, semir osmanagich needed a propriety culture represented in 
the archaeological record suited for such a grandiose endeavor. when perplexed 
academics challenged semir to demonstrate such a race, 
conveniently and in salvation, conspicuous marks on massive stones suddenly 
appeared in a tunnel he was boring.




colette dowell                                
slide - center                               
nadija nukic 


i present original photographic images, and point out inconsistencies that 
appear in the various reports written by, and comments made by, semir and muris 
osmanagich, as well as others. 

 the inconsistencies are 
outstanding and blatant 
 public 
notice



"articles seeking to discuss the questionable activities of semir osmanagich and 
his bosnian pyramid of the sun

foundation frequently meet with a 
torrent of 
 
cumber and curious retorts/denials 
from its members, associates and co-workers  
by means of, as some believe, wild tales of conjured fancy 
or with indiscriminate threats of legal action."  

colette dowell, march 2008

visoko - 
pyramids in bosnia? ancient inscriptions - no
new - part 
two
please wait to load as this 
article contains many images and graphics - thank you.




ravne tunnel and the t2 
	megalith:  
and even more evidence of contradicting data in reports and 
	images used by the bosnian pyramid of the sun foundation to promote graffiti on 
	stones as ancient scripts - 

	to sum it up, evidence suggests there are photographs of two stones used to 
create the illusion of one large megalithic stone inscribed with "ancient 
markings." i 
	will address inconsistencies and illusions as published in reports written 
	by muris osmanagich for semir osmanagich's  bosnian pyramid of the sun 
	foundation, to promote an alleged ancient culture and pyramids in the hills 
	of visoko, bosnia.
all 
photographs and graphics courtesy of colette dowell and robert schoch.
 







egypt- 
- 


shadows of the past: 
part one




first 
a little background on me and some thoughts

egypt, 
the alluring dreams and visions i have had since my early child hood have been 
coming real. shadows of the past; my memories of childhood experiences of 
ancient egypt and the ancient wisdom teachings. cmd



egypt- 
- 

shadows 
of the past:  
part two 




adventuring in giza, egypt

when i was in egypt 
this time, i was on a shoot for a documentary that a

russian 
film co. was producing for international television.

i went far inside 
the great pyramid. lots of photos and a weird story to tell. 


  



flowers & film  





a russian film company delivers an 
extravaganza of flowers and baskets for colette's contribution in their
new documentary about ancient origins of man, containing some new unique footage.
r.m.schoch 


pearblossom highway



thanks 
to cardcow.com, a very cool site that has postcards from everywhere it seems, i 
was able to create a little flick about where i grew up. i have recently met up 
with a dear old friend that i grew up with in las vegas, he too is a musician. 
his name is michael sherwood. pearblossom highway is the infamous highway 
leading to las vegas. "pearblossom 
highway." it is very haunting to me and i really enjoyed making the 
video and all of the memories it brought back of me growing up in las vegas. 
michael did a fine job on the lyrics and we have a story to tell now. please see 
the new video, pearblossom highway. thanks to cardcow.com, ron baker, 
oldbookart.com in specific.
 


 

 



president 
eisenhower, january 17th, 1961


united states military industrial 
complex

 


on january 17th, 1961, president 
eisenhower addressed the united states with his farewell speech; in closing he 
stated: 
 "we pray that peoples of all faiths, all races, all nations, may have 
		their great human needs satisfied; that those now denied opportunity 
		shall come to enjoy it to the full; that all who yearn for freedom may 
		experience its spiritual blessings; that those who have freedom will 
		understand, also, its heavy responsibilities; that all who are 
		insensitive to the needs of others will learn charity; that the scourges 
		of poverty, disease and ignorance will be made to disappear from the 
		earth, and that, in the goodness of time, all peoples will come to live 
		together in a peace guaranteed by the binding force of mutual respect 
		and love."   

                 
		

from one of my favorite 
movies 

the great dictator - 
1940 - 
words 
that will speak forever - charlie chaplin's speech!




i hope this helps people understand we are all in this world 
together - lets help make it a better world.
















remnants of a lost civilization?





from circular times archives




archaeological discoveries of giza - 
					robert bauval 1997
					 

getting back to basics

economic stimulus recovery help 


 


where is the 'made in america label' and what can we do? - 
mindful ramblings 
 


#1 

tips of good 
things to do & think about to 


make it 
through these economic times

&


#2 


reform global wobbling & old 
fashioned survival skills in modern times 

 


bosnia --the ongoing hype
 


i went to visoko, bosnia in august, 2006, to 
investigate the excavation sites of the so-called pyramids. i found absolutely no evidence 
to support any claims made by semir osmanagic and his foundation, 
politicians & investors. flash forward to 2008 and still ---- 
despite official reports negating real pyramids in bosnia from specialized scientist's and international 
associations, the 'bosnian pyramid clan' continue their 

agenda trying to mislead the international public into believing there are real pyramids in bosnia by promoting them as real.
the foundation is marketing pyramids for commercial tourism & 
trade to boost bosnia's economy and control over certain political 
sectors. semir osmanagic repeats, "this tiny country bosnia....will 
gain respect." 
there has never been any 'real' evidence 
presented providing proof of authentic pyramids or of an ancient 'alien civilization' in bosnia that semir osmanagic and others claim there to 
be. bosnians want no more excavating (the proud and honest bosnians that is). 
help stop semir osmanagic from excavating the hills!
 

external links:


world atlas - outside link 
this is a great site, it has everything you want to know. it is a flat globe, 
you can click on a county you can see everything there is about that country. 
weather, topographical issues, bodies of water, weather, demographics...wow, 
great site. 

archives :



peru: 
land of the ancient 
incas 

 march 4 - 
12, 2006



egypt:

land of the pharaohs  march 10 - 18, 2007



a warning:  impersonation, fraud, and fake emails




moving on 
from robert schoch -cmd



 



where is robert schoch?


notice to ct's new reading audience: 
circular times since 1995, is the original creation of dr. colette dowell first 
publishing on research in alternative archaeology, astronomy, quantum physics, 
sacred sites, spiritual - cultural cosmology, alternative energy, alternative 
medicine, just about all of the new fascinating studies of our times. in the event you have 
come across circular times on  

robertschoch.net, you may need to realize that since july of 
2007, 


robert 
schoch has not been involved with circular times. circular 
times will continue to publish on  
robertschoch.net, insuring 
that all pre-existing links to all articles on all other websites are retained, 
maintained and kept intact. circular times publishes on


circulartimes.net  & 

circulartimes.org; however, 
links that are created from those sites have no relations to the pre-existing 
links from  
robertschoch.net. please use 
this  
link if you have any articles that you would like to submit for possible publication. 
thank you, dr. colette m. dowell

 






table 
of contents



site navigation & menu page







an international networking educational institute 


intellectual, scientific and philosophical studies

copyright © 1995-2014


 dr. 
colette m. dowell 

		 

website design for the previous page on dr. robert m. schoch and circular times

 and all contents including but not 
limited to text layout, graphics, any and all images, including videos are


copyright 
© of dr. 
colette m. dowell, 1995-2014

 

 
egypt, bosnia, 
robert schoch, bosnian pyramids, radiation, fukushima, government, japan, 
nuclear, ufo, alien, crop circle, great pyramid, permaculture, alternative 
medicine, nutrition, wild mexican yam, john hutchinson, hutchinson effect, 
yonaguni, tadpoles, frogs, herps, giza, ancient egypt, bosnian pyramids, bosnia, 
ancient wisdom teachings, educated ,orthodox , egyptology, egypt, ancient 
egyptian timeline, pyramids, ancient,  robert schoch, yoga, dorje, egyptian 
, spiritual, ancient wisdom teachings, philosophies, gnostics, rosicrucian, 
cabbala , consciousness, cosmic ,sacred sites, general contractor, licensed, 
temple of man, r. a. schwaller de lubicz, anthropocosmos , god, spiritual, 
natural, mathematical, geometric, hieroglyphic, architecture, pharaonic, 
consciousness, eastern ,buddha, cosmology, ancient egyptian, buddha, ancient 
texts, architecture, legends, sacred, numbers geometry, symbolism, 
consciousness, pharaonic, cosmology, sacred numbers, geometry, vibrations, 
harmonic, magnifications, manifestation, physical, bosnia, semir osmanagic, 
bosnian pyramids, bosnia pyramid, universe, center, universe, god , vibrations , 
nature, creation,. upper ,egypt, pharaonic ,cosmology, adventure ,documentary, 
russian, film, subterranean chamber, great pyramid ,sphinx, jules verne, general 
contractor, ascending passage, ,grand ,gallery, ascending passage, grand 
gallery, king chambers, queen's chamber, etc. paleolithic , doarson, bosnia,. 
grand gallery, king’s, chamber ,  metallic ,beads ,hematite, lapis, garnet, 
gold ,and ,silver, angel, flute, king’s chamber,  amplitude, harmonics, 
harmonic, tones,  the great pyramid, ancient wisdom teachings, nirvana, 
symbolic, solar system , earth, moon, sun, orson wells, giza, david, campbell’s 
chamber,grotto, edgar cayce, cavity , sphinx’s, paws , emesk, archaeologist, 
sphinx, enclosure , heritage, sacred, privilege,  sphinx, emesk, full moon 
, archaeology , skull, god consciousness, upper mantle, skull ,scarab, neter, 
brain, skull, scarab ,scarab, mathematically, 19th/18th,  pharaonic 
consciousness , ,anthropocosmic man’s ,mathematical, analyses, cosmos, ancient 
wisdom texts , pineal, pituitary, hypothalamus , mantle, human skull ,19th /18th 
, science, electrical charges, stimulating ,spiritual , hormones, ancients , 
knowledge, wisdom, manifestation, science, medical ,egyptians ,consciousness, 
mathematical , geometrical, formulae, neters , symbols, sun, god , soul 
,eternal, destiny, after-life, reality, great white lodge , brotherhood ,the, 
egyptian great white lodge, egyptian cosmology,   orthodox,   
egyptologists, academia, civilization, greatest, temples, roman religion ,great 
pyramid, egyptian , luxor, karnak, dendera, valley of the kings, haunt , egypt, 
plateau, underwater, structure, 1932, jesus christ, gnostic, gospels, jesus of 
nazareth, judas, relics, saints, prophets, pleiades, spheres ,  inscription 
, entrance of great pyramid, fakes, relics, yonaguni, greg taylor,  
geophysics, giza plateau, egypt, john anthony west, r.a.schwaller de lubicz, 
geological studies, pre-dynastic, re-dating of the sphinx, voices of the rocks, 
voices, campaign, semir osmanagic, sam osmanagich, osmanagich, bosnian pyramids, 
catastrophes,  redating, great sphinx of giza, orthodox, yonaguni 
underwater monuments, the official website of dr. robert m. schoch,  
phenomena,  philosophy,  naturopathic, physician, anomalies, 
preternatural “a remarkable woman in modern times tracking the ancient sacred 
history of megalithic man to more recent alternative scientific discoveries, 
megalithic man, megalithic, scientific, history, bosnian pyramid of the sun 
foundation ,the daily grail, 

 

