
















department of anthropology | appalachian state university

























skip to main content












search terms



search












department of anthropology



toggle navigation















about
programs of study
courses
research
faculty & staff
forms and policies
news & events
contact
giving




















 

 

 

 




















as one of the largest undergraduate-only anthropology departments in the united states, we embrace a comparative and holistic approach to studying the human experience. through the anthropological perspective, we delve into the origins and meaning of physical and cultural diversity in the world, spanning across the past, present, and future.
our program in anthropology offers a unique opportunity to comprehend global affairs and address societal challenges within the broader context of the human experience. cultural anthropologists within our department explore the practices, beliefs, and identities of individuals, both within and beyond the united states. topics such as power, inequality, and social praxis are central to our investigations.
archaeologists in our program specialize in unraveling the material culture of past societies, reconstructing their traditions and practices. by understanding the past, we gain valuable insights that aid our comprehension of the present. biological anthropologists, on the other hand, focus on primate evolution, behavioral ecology, human biological variation, biocultural adaptations, bioarchaeology, and human paleontology. together, we strive to unravel the diverse range of human societies, both past and present.
why study anthropology? this question lies at the heart of our program. by choosing to study anthropology, you embark on a journey of exploration and understanding, equipping yourself with invaluable skills and knowledge. through engaging coursework, immersive field experiences, and collaborative research opportunities, you'll develop a profound appreciation for the intricacies of human societies, past and present. join us as we unravel the tapestry of human diversity and contribute to finding meaningful solutions to real-world problems.














programs of study 









anthropology at appalachian 












research clusters 









careers 













      news & events    







ella adams: uplifting voices and serving with purpose to transform communities 

          jan 8, 2025        
recently graduating with a degree in anthropology from the college of arts and sciences, ella adams embodies the spirit of passion and resilience. ell...







october 28: "central america’s forgotten history: revolution, violence and the roots of migration" with dr. aviva chomsky 

          sep 26, 2024        
boone, n.c. — appalachian state university's department of history is pleased to welcome professor, historian, author and activist dr. avi...







safe student spotlight: josie patch 

          apr 9, 2024        
patch received a spring 2023 student and faculty excellence (safe) grant to cover hotel expenses while she conducted fieldwork in robeson county for a...







talk: on ethnographic research and environmental defense in honduras 

          mar 8, 2024        
dr. jon carter to give guest lecture at rollins college: on ethnographic research and environmental defense in hondurasfor many years now, environment...







marine corps veteran, dr. seth grooms, lays wreath for app state’s memorial day commemoration 

          jun 6, 2023        
assistant professor of anthropology and marine corps veteran, dr. seth grooms, was selected to lay wreath at this year's memorial day commemoration....







dr. marc kissel contributes to new study funded by national geographic society 

          jun 6, 2023        
washington, d.c. — in their search to understand human origins, national geographic explorer in residence and world-renowned paleoanthropologist&nbs...






 read more
        
 subscribe











      alumni spotlights    







 


christopher r. moore ('97), archaeologist at the savannah river archaeological research program (srarp) 

after completing the ph.d. program at ecu, chris was hired by the savannah river archaeological research program (srarp) as a research archaeologist and public outreach coordinator.  in his position with the srarp, chris splits his time conducting educational outreach and research activities and has worked to integrate outreach with research and publication by training local volunteers to assist in fieldwork and lab analysis.
 





more alumni spotlights

 



      faculty spotlights    







 


dr. gregory reck leaves a legacy of inspired teaching 

after forty-six years, dr. gregory reck is retiring from his job as a professor for appalachian state’s department of anthropology.  he started his career at appalachian in 1972. dr. reck came to appalachian after teaching at the district of columbia teachers college and the university of maryland. he helped form the department of anthropology and served as the first chair of the department. 





more faculty spotlights

 



      student spotlights    







 


makenzie cash, biological anthropology major 

makenzie cash is a third-year biological anthropology student and notably, a primatology enthusiast. however, she first came into interest with non-human primates by thinking about what it means to be a human. after encountering situations of interpersonal violence and sexual assault, makenzie began to inquire about human experience and what defines it, primarily because of the dehumanizing effects that trauma can have. this lead to her first interest in anthropology to be forensic anthropology, so she began taking classes in biological anthropology. 





more student spotlights

 







 






announcements





 in memoriam: dr. harvard g. ayers (1941-2023)  

 
 


social media


 
 


physical location


the department of anthropology is located in anne belk hall. the administrative office is located in room 348 and all of the faculty offices, classrooms, and labs are located on the 3rd floor.

 


give to anthropology



please consider supporting the department of anthropology by donating to one of our departmental funds.
for assistance with philanthropic gifts, contact cas development director, jasmin mcfayden '10, at mcfaydenja@appstate.edu or (828) 262-4019.

 


university resources


college of arts and sciencesgraduate schoolfinancial aidregistrar's officeacademic advisingstudent handbookinternational education and development (study abroad)

 




 

 







contact
department of anthropologyasu box 32016348 anne belk hall224 joyce lawrence laneboone, nc 28608 fax: (828) 262-2982phone: (828) 262-2295


links
 home
 disclaimer
 eo policy
 accessibility
 privacy policy
 login



networking
 twitter
 facebook
 instagram










website manager: lewiska5 (gibbsla)
copyright 2025 appalachian state university. all rights reserved.







