









ri fishing – rhode island party & charter boat assn.
























  









skip to content

















menu


logo
home
charters
fishing
ports
the association

leadership
safety
membership


updates
 

















fishing in r.i.
the rhode island party and charter boat association (ripcba) represents many independent rhode island fishing charters, rhode island charter fishing boat listings, and expert deep sea and saltwater fishing charter and party boat captains. these rhode island saltwater fishing boats will take you for bluefish, striped bass, fluke, tuna and more. rhode island’s charter fishing is close to new york and boston.
find a charter
























find a charter
book your rhode island saltwater fishing trip now. find the best party and charter boats and captains here. book a half day, full day or more. choose high adventure offshore game fishing, to a day out with friends, or special events like bachelor’s party excursions. lighthouse touring and diving also available with some captains. boats leave from ports throughout rhode island.











search tip
looking for a certain type of adventure? select a type of charter to narrow down your search.












angler management

33ft vessel — capt. ray strong










big game

36ft vessel — captain brian bacon










irish jig

33ft vessel — captain dave mccormick 










priority too

36ft vessel — captain rick bellavance













sea hawk

37ft vessel — captain nick butziger











view more results











what’s current?
get the latest updates from captains on what’s biting, where the catch is, and what’s new with the rhode island party and charter boat association.











the rhode island fishing magazine
check out the ripcba’s annual publication.










set course for adventure
private charters make a great gift for any occasion, contact the charter boat captain of your choice and give a gift certificate!












logo
membership application
what’s biting now
safety
leadership
 















 rhode island party & charter boat association
the rhode island party and charter boat association (ripcba) offers the best charter fishing in the northeast. a day of fishing combines the excitement of the catch with the serenity of being on the water with an expert captain. not interested in fishing? ripcba offers sightseeing, lighthouse cruises and more for the whole family.
 
p.o.box 171
wakefield, ri 02880
 
© 2024 rhode island party & charter association – all rights reserved
powered by brandx360

 














