












literacy volunteers of leon county | tallahassee reading instruction, esol.


































literacyleon@gmail.com



facebook




twitter




google




rss


  





facebook




twitter




google




rss



events
donate
  
 
 










home
about us
volunteer opportunities
start learning
volunteer tutors
contact us
 


select page


  
 



 



 







 cov-19 update!! 

literacy volunteers of leon county is available to provide free personal  virtual tutoring during phase 2 of reopening leon countylet our volunteers help you with 

math
reading
writing
ged/sat/act prep
english language skills

we can provide you with a free local tutor who will help you online.email us at literacyleon@gmail.com for more information.
want to help?
contact us about getting trained to work with a student online. we need tutors in basic math, reading, and writing, for students preparing for the ged, or other classes or tests. we also need tutors to help non-native speakers of english improve their english skills and prepare for the citizenship exam. call us or email us for more information.

 






empowering adults and familiesto improve literacy skills

 
since 1980, literacy volunteers of leon county has trained volunteers to provide one-to-one tutoring services for adults who want to learn to read and write or to improve their reading and writing skills.
  

learn morevolunteer






 





our mission
the mission of literacy volunteers of leon county is to recruit, train and support volunteers who empower adults and families to improve literacy skills, achieve personal goals and participate fully in the workplace and community. 

become a volunteer






 





 




our numbers tell the story!



 
 

learners received tutoring services


documented literacy gains were achieved by our learners


hours of instruction donated by 259 volunteers 

 
 
   
 
 






facebook




twitter




google




rss



copyright 2018 literacy volunteers of leon county | designed by capital data studio
 

 
 
 








