














	paxton products | drying, blow off & air rinsing solutions
































513.891.7485
give us a call today!





shop




phone





search













contact




login















about us



history


sustainable by design


itw.com


terms & conditions of sale


faqs


privacy policy


testimonials


paxton warranty


newsletter





products



air delivery devices



air knives


nozzle manifolds


capdryer


candryer


inline manifold


spyder manifold


uno nozzles





ionizing rinsing systems



ionizing bottle rinser


ionizing can rinser





centrifugal air blowers



px-series centrifugal air blower


blower selection chart





powerdry™ drying system



inline manifold


spyder manifolds





enclosures



air delivery device enclosures


centrifugal blower enclosures





pouch drying


accessories



maintenance accessories



air tensioner


filters


blower heads


belts





installation accessories



zero loss adapters


stainless steel reducers


connector sleeves


stainless steel elbows


flexible hose


dividers


flow control valves


blower outlet filtration


ionizing bar


spyder arms and nozzles








control panel





applications



bottling and canning


construction


electronics and solar


extrusions


food processing & packaging


industrial parts


pharma, medical & nutra


solutions for craft brewing





literature



product brochures


instructions


case studies


press releases


white papers


spec sheet





blog


videos



bottling and canning


extrusions


food processing and packaging


industrial products


pharma, medical & nutra


preventative maintenance


how-to videos


craft brewing


tradeshows


virtual tradeshow


product videos





distributors












get a quote



























































food processing & packaging
drying and blow off before or after packaging food products
learn more





bottles,
jars & cans
drying before labeling or coding.
air rinsing interior or exterior of containers
learn more






industrial products
blow off and drying of extrusions, industrial parts before coating, finishing or packaging
learn more





medical & electronics
drying, blow off, and static elimination/cleaning during production or before packaging.
learn more

















watch our videos












learn more










see paxton in action
with over 50 years of industry expertise, paxton products is the preferred solution for air drying, blow off, and its newest capability, air rinsing. paxton air drying systems maximize performance for a wide variety of applications by coupling paxton high efficiency centrifugal blowers with custom-engineered air delivery devices.


















 

paxton centrifugal blowers offer highly efficient solutions for drying, blow off, air rinsing, and process air applications. available in sizes from 3 hp to 20 hp, paxton has two series of belt-driven blowers.
learn more 

centrifugal blowers 


 

paxton products designs & manufactures high performance air delivery systems, that are custom-engineered to optimize drying, blow off and cleaning of your products. no matter what configuration of air is needed, paxton has it, from drying a single surface to 360 degree drying.
learn more 

air delivery devices 


 

the patented powerdry system sets the standard for a complete drying and blow off air system, used for drying and blow off of a wide variety of cans, bottles and jars. it eliminates moisture-related issues during packaging, labeling and coding.
learn more 

powerdry systems 


 

the ionizing rinsing system by paxton products sets the standard for a new generation of air rinsing, dissipating the static charges that cause dirt, dust and contaminants to adhere to surfaces, while dramatically reducing energy usage and eliminating water usage.
learn more 

ionizing air rinser 


 

proper installation and maintenance of your paxton system are critical to system performance. paxton installation & maintenance accessories have been designed to ensure maximum performance and ease of use.
learn more 

accessories 

build me a systemclick here to request a quote for your very own paxton products system.

















why choose paxton



custom engineered
to maximize air drying, blow off, or air rinsing, paxton engineers the air delivery devices based on the specifications of the target.  next, the blower is sized to ensure performance and efficiency.



service
paxton engineers provide expert technical service before, during and after installation. paxton service components extend the life of the blower and minimize maintenance.




warranty
only paxton centrifugal blowers carry a full three year warranty. paxton’s superior design and workmanship maximize reliability.




superior performance
paxton products designs, assembles, balances paxton blowers and air delivery devices to the highest standards for drying, blow off and air-rinsing applications.



energy efficient
as much as 80% less energy than compressed air drying and blow off and up to 50% less energy than other blowers, paxton air systems are highly efficient while providing superior drying, blow off and air rinsing.




















craft beer bottle drying
high demand for an extremely popular product resulted in higher volume production for a north carolina craft brewery. growth brought new challenges, however, since increased throughput made a bottle drying system necessary. 
the paxton power dry drying system with adjustable spyder manifold helped remove water at faster bottling speeds. the paxton system also resolved moisture problems created by humid weather.  after comparison shopping, the brewery’s facility manager concluded that paxton products was the most cost effective drying solution, beating compressed air and other drying technologies hands-down.

 



sleeving bottling
a sleeving manufacturer puts label sleeves on bottles. the manufacturer is using a competitor’s blower system. they are looking to replace the system because it is no longer at the original efficiency specified. the system consists of a blower and 12” compressed air knives and 3 flare nozzles. the sleeving manufacturer is needing a better solution to dry to bottles after the sleeving process and reached out to paxton.
paxton was be able to replace their original blower with a more efficient paxton blower system, using less horsepower, with custom-made air knives and spyder arm air nozzles. not only did paxton improve the manufacturer’s drying problem but they also received a roi in less than 2 years.

 



doughnut conveying
a food manufacturer prepares doughnuts by sending them through a production line in a bath of oil. to cook properly, the doughnuts need must be conveyed in the oil over 15 feet. currently, the company uses four 52” lengths of pipe with 60 holes drilled in each pipe spanning the width of the fryer. each pipe is supplied with 30 psi of compressed air in order to convey doughnuts across the 15-foot span, using a total of 607 cfm of air.
the manufacturer seeks to increase energy efficiency by switching to a blower-driven system. paxton proposed an air delivery system comprised of four 52” air knives powered by a 20hp blower, providing 1150 cfm at 20” of water column. the paxton system will consume 16 hp compared to the 68 hp required for the compressed air.
the client’s return on investment will be less than 11 months. thereafter, they will save $16,854 per year.

 



flipping cooked pizza drying
a food manufacturing process involves flipping cooked pizza dough from the process line down to the lower level process line. currently, they are using compressed air nozzles to blow off any water from the wash down process. the conveyor has four air nozzles positioned horizontally across the top of the line where four pizza crusts travel. each air nozzle is dedicated to one target. 
each air nozzle is 2 inches away from the end of the belt while the nozzle tips are 2.5 inches from the surface of the pizza dough crust. the manufacturer reached out to paxton products because they are looking for a solution to replace compressed air. paxton proposed an air delivery system comprised of a x nozzle air manifold and a 7.5hp blower. with this replacement solution, the food manufacturer was able to receive an roi in 8 months and a more effective way to blow off left over water.

 



replacing water rinser with ionized air rinsing solution
a brewery uses a water rinser for their cans in order to remove any debris from the can before filling it. every canning company must go through this process, but this brewery company realized a significant increase in their water usage and expense. the brewery reached out to a colleague about their issue and found out about paxton ionized air rinsing solution. paxton proposed a replacement of water rinsing to ionized air rinsing which will not only save on the cost of water and water disposal but also on the efficiency of removing debris from the can.

 



energy savings
an engineering and manufacturing service company is looking for a solution to dry parts moving at one foot per second from an overhead conveyor. they spray clean water and blow them off with compressed air. they found when using a compressed air solution, their products were not dry to their satisfaction. 
the company was looking for a custom-made system that was able to solve their drying needs. with a paxton system put in place, including a px-2000 blower with an aluminum air knife, the company was able to produce less rejects and obtain a roi in energy savings in under two years.

 



conveyor drying
a design and engineering service company is focused on drying 1mm prill sphere off the underside of a conveyor. without a current blow-off system, they are having trouble removing wetness from specific crevices. the service company came to paxton products looking to implement their first blow-off system. paxton proposed a px-500 with an aluminum air knife to reduce their production time and solve their blow-off issue.

 



wire blow off
a wire manufacturer located in india is having issues with a cleaning solution adhering to the wire and ending up on the final rolled product. 
not only does this cause quality issues, but the cost of the lost cleaning solution is expensive.  they have improvised a crude system of crimped pipes and compressed air along with mechanical wipers to reduce the “carry over” of the solution.  the compressed air nozzles they use require approximately 150 cfm @ 60 psi. 
their improved solution carries a high price tag in energy costs, requiring 25 hp of compressed air. the compressed air also takes a toll on air pressure in the plant, causing their compressor to run continuously. this in turn drives up their maintenance costs and it puts on strain on the rest of the plant’s operations.
paxton will engineer a system that delivers 850 cfm @ 2.2 psi  that will have an estimated roi of around 2 years based on energy savings alone. in addition to this, the wire manufacturer will save money due to reduced compressed air expense.

 



conveyor cleaning: gypsum removal
an electric power company wants to remove residual gypsum from their conveyors after the bulk of the gypsum has unloaded. gypsum is a byproduct of the clean-coal burning process and is usually sent to a landfill if it cannot be used.  recently, a drywall manufacturer built a facility nearby and will use this gypsum as feedstock.  by installing a blower system to blow the residual off the conveyor, the customer will be able to collect the gypsum, increase revenue and reduce the amount of gypsum deposited into landfills.
paxton will supply a 126” length dual plenum air knife with two, 20hp at 1200 blowers.  each blower will supply 813 cfm @ 91” of w.c.

 



machining oil blow off
machining company blows a light layer of oil off a two-inch-tall machined cylindrical part. the cycle time process takes about 1 minute per part and they also use an ac drive to slow down the process to prevent start and stopping the motor every minute.
the machining company was originally using compressed air nozzles for their blow off. they were looking for a solution that would prevent the line from stopping and starting constantly. the machining company came to paxton products requesting the use of a xt-300 in hopes of solving its drying issue. paxton was able to provide a better solution with a px-300 with stainless steel air manifolds, to increase the company’s efficiency by approximately 13%.

 



conveyor blow off: metal shavings
a midwestern machining company needs to blow metal chips off of their conveyor after a machining process. they have three lines and are currently using one 18” and one 24” compressed air knife on each line, operating at 40 psi, to remove the chips from the conveyor, giving a total compressed air usage of 86 cfm. they would like to switch to blower-driven air in order to reduce energy consumption.
for the paxton air systems, for each line, a 10 hp blower will supply two 24” air knives, providing 550 cfm at 50” of water column. the paxton systems will each use 7.8 hp compared to the 13 hp for each of the existing compressed air systems, a savings of over 5 hp per line. along with the energy savings, the company is able to free up almost 40 hp (3 x 13 hp) on their compressor for operations that require compressed air operation.

 



okra drying
a food manufacturer is looking for a solution to dry off okra on a 32” conveyor moving at 200 piece per minute. right now, the manufacturer is using a fan as its main source of drying, and because it is ineffective, they are experiencing many rejects. with the drying process not working, the food manufacturer has to double its drying time to get the okra dry.
the food manufacturer contacted paxton to find a replacement solution. paxton proposed the use of a 20hp blower and 3 air knives at different angles in order to dry all parts of the okra. with this new system in place, the food manufacturer has seen a huge reduction in rejects.

 



drying bottles of varied sizes
a bottle manufacturer dries the tops of pet bottles ranging in size from 6 – 12 oz. the bottles are already labeled and dated coded. similar to other bottling manufacturers, this manufacturer main focus is to remove water from the top and the center of the bottles before labeling. currently, the manufacturer is using compressed air and off brand sypder arm solution.
the paxton team was able to replace their compressed air usage with a 15hp blower running the capdryer system, which has an adjustable mounting arm to cater to the different bottle sizes. with this solution in place the manufacturer will see fewer rejects and increased production speeds.

 



metal tube drying, pre-print
a midwestern metal tube manufacturer must dry large metal tubes, ranging in diameter from 8” –20”, before printing.  they are currently drying the tubes using four 2” fan nozzles, with 105 psi compressed air, but are occasionally having quality issues, despite the use of 100 cfm of air.  they would like to switch to blower-driven air for the energy savings, while improving the quality of the drying.
for the paxton air system, a 5 hp blower will supply three 6’ air knives, providing 200 cfm air at 60” of water column.   the paxton system will use only 3.3 hp compared to 22.8 hp for the existing compressed air system, resulting in an energy savings of about $1.50 per hour and yielding an roi of less than 11 months for a 24 x 5 day operation.

 



part drying for injection molding
a west coast metal injection molding/die casting company needed to blow off various products after rinsing. they have 7 lines in the facility using two 12” air knives each of unregulated compressed air at plant pressure 100 psi consuming 64 cfm. they would like to replace their compressed air drying application with an energy efficient solution that provides an roi of 12 months or less.
the paxton solution utilizes a 5 hp xt-500 blower with two 12” aluminum air knives which will provide the line with 250 cfm at 50” water column. each line of compressed air replaced with a paxton system will free up approximately 12 hp of their existing compressed air system. the system will have a wash-down enclosure so the system can be put right next to the wash-down area of each line. the roi of the project is less than 10 months.

 



soda can rinsing
a major beverage manufacturer in drought-ridden california was looking to replace its water rinsing system prior to the filler with one of paxton’s ionizing can rinser systems. the system provided needed to be able to rinse up to 900 cans per minute with the two lines merging together before the filler.
the paxton solution included two x 3 hp xt-300 blowers each complete with nano filtration for the outlet air, an 8 nozzle air manifold with internal ionizing bar, and failsafe controls. the installed paxton system not only dramatically reduced the company’s water usage, but also maintained the high standards of product quality, as demonstrated by thorough qc testing.

 


prev
next













testimonials 




the paxton ionizing air rinser has been in operation in the buena park plant for 5 months. there have been no quality or mechanical issues during this time, and we are very satisfied with the performance. on several occasions we have had a few follow up questions and our paxton rep, patrick donovan, has come to the plant to answer all questions and verify the operation of the unit and did some extra training. so far pepsi buena park is very happy with paxton.
randy williams, maintenance manager



i can’t believe how well the paxton system operates. we should have gotten this system a long time ago. every month we remained with the old equipment, it’s like we were throwing money down the drain in wasted energy costs.
-bakery plant manager



this machine works wonders.
-charlie lyver, project manager/maintenance manager



with the kind of energy savings we experienced, the powerdry unit paid for itself in less than a year. we’re working with paxton now on replacing compressed air drying in other areas of the plant.
-canning facility maintenance manager



it does what it is supposed to do. it is nice to see a product work as advertised.
-pat cell, general manager



the paxton blowers not only outperform those previous installed, but they are also much quieter. and paxton service was excellent throughout the entire process.
-dan lardinois, corporate engineer



a lot of times, when you get more technology in a plant, you have to pay for it with more work keeping the system running. but the powerdry doesn’t create any extra hassles like that. this system is great, even better than we expected.
-daniel dolan, plant engineer

















click here
































10125 carver rd, cincinnati, oh 45242
|
sales@paxtonproducts.com
|
toll free : 800.441.7475800.441.7475



copyright 2025 by paxton products, an itw company

|
privacy statement


website designed by foremost media
|

login








   


























