

good news for the space coast | greenbrevard


		skip to content













					greenbrevard
				


				is good news
			
 




about us
mission
space coast
support us
contact us
 
















					greenbrevard
				


				is good news
			
 






main menu

 
















eco-friendly products for winter in florida 
green living, sustainability /  

				eric needle			


 

eco-friendly products can be categorized into several groups. one prominent category includes biodegradable items, which break down naturally in the environment. these products, such as compostable packaging and plant-based cleaning supplies, decompose without leaving harmful residues. another category involves recyclable products, such as aluminum cans and certain plastics, which can be processed and turned into new materials. products made from sustainable materials, including bamboo, recycled paper, and organic cotton, showcase environmentally responsible sourcing.

  eco-friendly products for winter in florida read more » 







public access to cocoa beach’s lori wilson park is at risk 
balance, nature /  

				eric needle			


 

we’re seeing a disturbing trend in florida’s space coast—elected officials are not listening source: surfrider foundation this tuesday (tomorrow) at 9am, the brevard county commission will vote on a land use agreement with the westin cocoa beach resort, which is currently under construction adjacent to lori wilson park. this agreement would grant the westin hotel

  public access to cocoa beach’s lori wilson park is at risk read more » 







turkey creek sanctuary 
fitness, nature /  

				eric needle			


 

turkey creek sanctuary, nestled quietly off port malabar blvd in palm bay, florida, offers a rare glimpse into the untouched beauty of the real florida. 

  turkey creek sanctuary read more » 







mountain biking in central florida 
fitness, nature /  

				eric needle			


 

when people think of florida, they often envision sandy beaches and palm trees swaying in the breeze. however, hidden within central florida’s diverse landscape lies a thriving mountain biking scene waiting to be discovered. 

  mountain biking in central florida read more » 







sustainability in florida 
sustainability /  

				eric needle			


 

florida, known for its stunning beaches, diverse ecosystems, and unique wildlife, is not only a tourist paradise, but also a prime location for sustainable initiatives. in this post, we will explore some of the remarkable sustainability efforts taking place in the sunshine state and how they are shaping a greener future for generations to come.

  sustainability in florida read more » 







grant bbq festival 
balance, teamwork /  

				eric needle			


 

welcome to the grant bbq festival on april 14-16, 2023. for 21 years, the grant bbq festival, an amazing community event has been bringing great food, music, arts & crafts, bbq competition, and a classic cars show to brevard, county, florida. join us in 2023 for another round. 

  grant bbq festival read more » 







van gogh’s starry night 
art /  

				eileen needle			


 

a captured moment in time, capable of evoking deep emotions with each viewing, vincent van gogh’s “the starry night” is easily one of the most recognized paintings of the post-impressionism movement.  visually bordering on the line between real and unreal, its beauty and timelessness resonates with so many people.  

  van gogh’s starry night read more » 







the florida trail 
sustainability /  

				eric needle			


 

until you experience the great outdoors, you really have no concept of what florida is all about. the remarkable diversity of our state takes a lifetime to appreciate. from beach to marsh, forests to sand hills, the breadth, width and scale is hard to take all in. 

  the florida trail read more » 







financial literacy 
balance /  

				eric needle			


 

what are we teaching our kids, about how the world really works? the answer is, not very much. and yet, public education barely covers the notion of earning a living, taxes, insurance, credit debt or any number of topics on managing money.

  financial literacy read more » 




 


post pagination
1
2
…
33
next →
 


 art (30)

balance (87)

faith (39)

fitness (40)

green living (1)

nature (60)

sustainability (131)

teamwork (91)

tech (44)

searchsearchaccountability
alternative fuel
beaches
brevard county
community
conservation
cycling
dolphins
earth day
education
electric vehicle
energy
environment
events
florida
florida solar energy center
florida tech
government
green building
green business
green cars
health
hurricane
hybrid
indian river lagoon
innovation
leed
melbourne
native plants
natural
nutrition
oceans
poverty
rails to trails
recycling
sea turtle preservation society
sea turtles
solar
south brevard sharing center
space coast
trees
usgbc
water conservation
whales
wind


















 




about us
mission
space coast
support us
contact us
 












sponsor uspublishing a site like greenbrevard takes huge amounts of sustained effort. since 2004, we’ve done our best to shine a light on people and organizations doing good things in our local community.

donate

 



share your storysend us your articles, press releases, photos and event news! greenbrevard shines a light on people and organizations doing good things in our local community—florida's space coast.

contact us

 



site underwriterwebsites that work. 









support us
contact us
privacy
 









copyright © 2025 greenbrevard is a greendev site by longbow. all rights reserved.
 










