














the victoria inn the victoria inn: best place to stay murphys, ca
















































murphys, california call 209-728-8933 for assistance
home
gift certificates


check availability
photo gallery
driving directions
blog





menu


main menu
skip to image rotation. please use up and down arrow keys to navigate between images.
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content
guest rooms

view all guest rooms
king rooms
queen rooms
check availability
book now
gift certificates
policies


vacation rentals
area info
logo
special offers
gift shop
contact us

map
directions
contact us


 



 
make a reservation book now



welcome to the victoria inn – best place to stay murphys, ca







elegant lodging, top things to do and best place to stay murphys, ca
located in the gold country of northern california, the victoria inn offers elegant lodging, top things to do, and the best place to stay murphys, ca. only a two hour drive from the greater bay area/sacramento metros and a hop skip jump from yosemite and lake tahoe. 
in the historic downtown main street of murphys, the victoria inn was built in 1992 in the “miner’s exchange” style, blending history with modern comfort. each guest room at our inn is an eclectic mix of wonderful european charm, featuring high ceilings and doors, in room heat and air conditioning, en-suite baths, some with fireplaces or wood stoves and claw-footed bathtubs. parking is free with no limits to include the small lot on our property grounds. for our guests who prefer the privacy of homey feel of a vacation rental, we offer 13 properties that can be booked at our v vacation rentals site here. prefer to chat with a member of our hospitality team? reach out at (209) 728-8533. 
once visited by mark twain, black bart, and general ulysses s. grant, you can enjoy the gold country history of calaveras county, while exploring award-winning area wineries including ironstone vineyards where our large-scale concerts are held. the calaveras winegrape alliance and calaveras visitors bureau host the murphys visitor center located at 202 main street in murphys, across the street from alchemy cafe. this is a great place to gather tasting room maps and adventure guides that will make calaveras wine country exploration one of the best things to do in our area! 
our local families offer outstanding restaurants including v restaurant, bistro & bar, grounds restaurant, murphys hotel restaurant, doke sushi, murphys grade – and so many more! our adventure wonderland offers year round outdoor activities including golf, tennis, fishing, hiking, gold panning, white water rafting, shopping, winter ski and snowboarding fun at bear valley mountain resort, and water skiing on new melones lake. ask our hospitality team about top things to do in calaveras county and learn why the victoria inn, our v vacation rentals, and the historic dunbar house b&b are the best places to stay in murphys, ca. 













weddings & private events
looking to host a private event or wedding of your dreams?  we can accommodate up to 150 event guests at the historic dunbar house & event venue, downtown murphys, ca. private event guests get access to six guest rooms at our historic inn. private events come to life – reunions, corporate retreats, milestone birthdays, bridal showers, and so much more…
details



family-run downtown restaurants
our local families offer hand crafted dishes at our highly regarded restaurants located along main street in murphys, ca. many chefs select local produce and provisions from family farms in our area. choose from v restaurant, bistro & bar, grounds restaurant, murphys hotel restaurant, doke sushi, murphys grade – and so many more! find a complete list of restaurants here. 
details



downtown tasting rooms
explore 52 varieties of wine along main street murphys, ca. find out why this gold rush era wine region has become a hidden gem of the northern california wine scene. choose from cozy tasting rooms in downtown murphys – many in historic buildings or sprawling vineyard tasting spaces along highway 4 in calaveras wine country. 
details



virtual tour
video tour










take a tour
the victoria inn is the perfect destination for a getaway vacation, relaxing weekend, and great wine tasting








latest posts from our blog


top winter vacations – high sierras of northern california: 
			think laid back vibes, less lift lines, cozy fireplaces, and more fun… looking for top winter vacations in the high sierras of northern california? we…


victoria inn: best romantic getaway in calaveras county: 
			looking for the best romantic getaway in calaveras county? find out why the victoria inn is the best romantic getaway in calaveras county. in the…


explore the arnold rim trail while hiking or biking: 
			it’s hard to believe that a system of trails for hiking and mountain biking is only a quick 20-minute drive from murphys! with over 17…











the victoria inn

402 main street h
murphys, ca 95247
 phone: 209-728-8933
https://www.victoriainn-murphys.com
 reservations@experiencemurphys.com
accessibility statement



latitude: 38.137775 longitude: -120.4663077



responsive web design, marketing and hosting by acorn marketing
professional photography by
											digiman studio


















