



mann 













































social networks 
facebbok 
twitter 
google 
pinterest 
tumblr 
vk 
linkedin 
email 
buttons size 

position 

shared title 

shared text 

shared url 

counters 


large
medium
small
extra-small


left
right


























fredrickson company llc












home




about us




lines we represent




gallery























































we make it happen




we know service.  we are service. 


























































who we are





fredrickson company llc is a manufacturer's representative firm for some of today's most innovative flooring companies. featuring the latest in hard and soft surface floors, the companies we represent manufacture high quality flooring options including carpet tile, custom broadloom, lvp, lvt, carpet and rubber wall base, as well as cushion and underlayment for the flooring surfaces we offer.our representation covers mn, wi, nd, sd and since 2003 we have been servicing this market with superior attention to detail and service. we are easy to work with and here to help you be successful with your projects, large or small. we only carry a few lines, so we know them very well.  give us a try on your next flooring project.



























































hospitality and senior living





using today's latest designs from signature flooring, we offer several running line and custom flooring options for both the hospitality and senior living market segments.

















































contract and custom





with bella flooring group, we can provide our customers with custom flooring options in both hard and soft surface floors for the commercial market segment.  we also provide job registration services and protected product styles for contract work.

















































retail stores





protected territories and exclusive arrangements with our dalton main street line are unique to the industry and available to select flooring retailers.


























































proudly representing leading flooring manufacturer's























































4822 royal oaks drive - minnetonka, mn  55343952.935.5529     sales@mann-inc.com




fredrickson company llc














































