
















































psychological and brain sciences | college of liberal arts and sciences | the university of iowa







































    skip to main content
  






the university of iowa






university of iowa





            college of liberal arts and sciences
          






            psychological and brain sciences
          






search

submit search







search










site main navigation

undergraduate programsmajors, minors, and certificatesbachelor of arts in psychologybachelor of science in psychologybachelor of science in neuroscienceba/mph dual degree programminor in psychologyhonors in psychologycoursesupper-level coursesadvisingcareers and opportunitiesresearch opportunitiesvolunteer/internship opportunitiesundergraduate teaching assistant activitiesstudent organizationsstudent ambassadorsgraduate programprogram overviewadmissions processtraining areasbehavioral and cognitive neuroscienceclinical sciencecognitionindividualized graduate trainingresearchresearch groupscognitive controldevelopmental psychopathologydevelopmental sciencehealth psychologysocial psychologyvisual perceptionresearch topicsresearch laboratoriesprograms, centers, and institutesbehavioral-biomedical interface training programdelta centeriowa neuroscience instituteseashore clinicpeoplefacultyadjunct facultyaffiliated facultyemeritus facultygraduate studentspostdocs & research scientistsdepartment staffresearch staffaboutannual lecture seriesspiker memorial lecture seriesspence lecture seriesnewseventsjob openingsaccess, opportunity, and diversityfacilitiespsychological & brain sciences building (pbsb)spence labs (slp)stuit hall (sth)history of the departmentalumniclas alumni and friendsui alumni and friendscontact us



























play















        breaking barriers in psychological science
      


study the science behind behavior and cognition, learning and memory, and personality and emotion. develop research skills and prepare for success in any walk of life. 















        why iowa?
      



iowa has been at the forefront of psychological research and training for a century, and we still lead today. our students learn about the field in the classroom and laboratory, and out in the community, developing skills that help them stand out among their peers.



learn more
              

















 









        undergraduate programs
      



 explore emerging discoveries in psychology and neuroscience. learn the keys to working effectively with people in any career.



                  read more
                  






undergraduate programs
      








 









        graduate programs
      



 our research-focused phd program is led by faculty mentors who are shaping their disciplines. prepare for your career in a collaborative, inclusive, and supportive environment. 



                  read more
                  






graduate programs
      








 









        faculty
      



 our faculty are leaders and innovators in their fields. they collaborate across the university and beyond, expanding scientific and educational frontiers and attracting substantial research support and scholarly recognition.



                  read more
                  






faculty
      


















        apply to our graduate program
      





                apply now
                














        faculty job opportunities
      





                view openings
                














        profiles and research
      

the department's commitment to research excellence is matched by a commitment to providing outstanding research and professional training for undergraduates, graduate students, and postdocs.









 





  read cheol's story
  









 









        research in the news
      



professor mark blumberg's research exploring the developmental significance of rem sleep is the focus of an article in the new yorker.


                read article
                
















 









        paras bassuk named ui’s 23rd rhodes scholar
      



the university of iowa is uniquely known for being a place where art meets science, where students are encouraged to explore and innovate across these disciplines. paras bassuk, ui’s newest rhodes scholar, personifies exactly what that means — and more.


                read article
                












 









        self driving cars & crosswalks
      





                  
  

      nsf news video
  

                

with an estimated 3.5 million self-driving vehicles expected on america’s roads by next year, university of iowa researchers are investigating how to make crossing the road safe, especially for children. 


                watch video
                












 









        clas pbs professor receives nih grant
      



cathleen moore, professor in the department of psychological and brain sciences in the college of liberal arts and sciences and starch faculty fellow, received a grant from the national institutes of health for $413,267 to study how lifeguard training can be improved using virtual reality. 


                read article
                












 









        clas psychology professor awarded two nih grants totaling $7.3 million
      



professor bruce bartholow, who joined the university of iowa over the summer, has two upcoming research projects funded by significant grants from the national institutes of health.


                read article
                














        news and announcements
      









        paras bassuk named ui’s 23rd rhodes scholar
      





                  tuesday, november 19, 2024
                












        tranel receives 2024 distinguished mentor award
      





                  thursday, september 26, 2024
                

            for more than four decades, dan tranel, the f. wendell miller professor in psychology and brain sciences, has been instrumental in growing neuroscience at iowa and beyond. he leads the iowa neurological patient registry, one of the largest research repositories of its kind and a unique resource used by neuroscientists around the world, and he has nurtured the careers of hundreds of young neuroscientists.











        iowa researchers identify approaches for how people recognize words
      





                  tuesday, september 3, 2024
                

            university of iowa researchers have defined how people recognize words.  in a new study with people who use cochlear implants to hear, the researchers identified three main approaches that people with or without hearing impairment use to recognize words, an essential building block for understanding spoken language.






view more












 







"i have been mentored by exemplary professors who are understanding and lead with empathy and care. entering this program is something i will never regret or forget!"
- maddie port














        upcoming events
      


there are currently no events to display.

view more events











        6
      



  

      faculty elected aaas fellows
  








        $11m+
      



  

      in annual research funding
  








        130+
      



  

      undergraduates doing research in our labs
  












        1500+
      



  

      undergraduate majors in psychology and neuroscience
  








        80+
      



  

      doctoral students in psychology and neuroscience
  















the university of iowa






university of iowa




psychological and brain sciences



              college of liberal arts and sciences
            



g60 psychological and brain sciences building (pbsb)iowa city, iowa 52242-1407319-335-2406319-335-0191psychology@uiowa.edu


social media


 facebook


 twitter





admin login



footer primary


undergraduate admissions


graduate admissions


visit campus


request info




footer secondary


clas advising


academic policies


myui


icon




footer tertiary


give to psychological and brain sciences


alumni


people


contact us







© 2025 the university of iowa

privacy notice


ui nondiscrimination statement


accessibility


















