



vineyard team - promoting sustainable winegrowing
























































keeping up to date with the latestsustainable winegrowingpractices can be hard...
... but it doesn'thave to be.
become a member












membership
events

events

past events


library
online courses
projects

overview
water conservation (dwr)
cover crops & water
soil moisture monitoring
water stewardship
protecting water quality


scholarship

overview
donate
apply
stories


news
contact


sustainable ag expo
sip certified
stay up to date

















sustainability leader since 1994
our 30-year journey




events & education

tailgate meetings & events
casual, in-person educational field demonstrations and discussions. join the conversation and learn how to adopt sustainable farming practices.
podcast
listen to interviews covering the latest science and research with the world's top experts and experienced growers.
online courses
learn the latest science-based practices on demand. many courses offer dpr and cca continuing education (ce) hours.
resource library
research articles, presentations, videos, and handouts.



membership


being a vineyard team member gives you access to the latest science-based practices, experts, growers, and wine industry tools through both in-field and online education so you can grow your business.


become a member


juan nevarezmemorial scholarship


multi-year, higher education investments in the children of california's vineyard and winery workers.


donate, apply, and learn more





a multi-day educational conference bringing the latest scientific and technical information to growers, pcas, and ag professionals.


visit the website





sustainable certification for vineyards, wineries, and wines. show your dedication to sustainability by getting sip certified.


visit the website








arising from a small grower group’s desire to educate and guide themselves towards sustainable winegrowing practices, vineyard team has become an internationally recognized leader in the sustainability movement.
since 1994, the 501(c)-3 non-profit has served its membership of farmers, winemakers, and industry partners by creating an educational network with the leadership of its staff and board of directors to help growers save resources and money, all while cultivating valuable relationships.




who we are: our 5 programs





our mission statement
vineyard team will identify and promote the most environmentally safe, viticulturally and economically sustainable farming methods while maintaining or improving the quality and flavor of wine grapes.
the team will be a model for wine grape growers and will promote the public trust of stewardship for natural resources.









demonstration projects
demonstration projects help growers learn about new management techniques, successfully adopt new practices, and minimize risk.
staff, technical advisors (university of california cooperative extension/university professors), and growers collaborate to implement specific practices and share the results with the winegrowing community.
click here to read more about the demonstration projects vineyard team has been involved with.









vineyard team is dedicated to providing you with the latest sustainable farming practices through field demonstrations, expert presentations, research, and grower-to-grower networking.
since 1994, we have partnered with hundreds of growers to promote sustainable winegrowing.





stay up to date with the latest from vineyard team
 - sign up for our newsletter so you never miss what's happening in the world of sustainable winegrowing -
join here







our latest podcasts

podcast

feb 6, 2025
262: a vineyard research site to study soil health
winegrowing in washington state has many challenges from salt to organic matter, to nematodes. devin rippner (usda-ars) is developing a research vineyard to study soil health-building practices. 


podcast

jan 27, 2025
261: top 5 marketing tips of 2024 | marketing tip monday
if one of your resolutions is to ramp up your sustainability messaging, let the sip certified marketing tips inspire you. 






recent library items

podcast

jan 13, 2025
tailgate resources | thrive in 2025


resources from our jan. 15, 2025 tailgate! 


podcast

oct 6, 2024
weeding out wisdom

				john roncoroni							









upcoming tailgates & workshops


tailgate | dry farming grower roundtable
feb 20
event details



tailgate | grazing as a sustainable practice for vineyards
mar 12
event details



tailgate | minimizing row passes for maximum vineyard health
mar 26
event details



tailgate | fungicide spraying: evolving strategies & grower insights
apr 25
event details











stay up to date
join here






 podcast





5915 el camino real, atascadero, ca 93422
805.466.2288
© copyright 2025 vineyard team. all rights reserved. privacy policy. cleverly made.








   


