













sabbar shriners – the sabbar shriners in tucson, arizona.




















































 









    sabbar shriners

    tucson, arizona 






menu












            home        
 



            temple topics        






                    current edition                





                    archive                








            divan        
 



            units and clubs        
 



            contact us        
 



            membership        
 



            calendar        
 



            pay dues        
 



            online resources        
 






































welcome! 



words we live by: faith, hope, and charity.  join sabbar shriners today! 






join here!














when dreaming of charity, ask "what if" and think of how lives can be changed. 



-shriners international.. 






get help from shriners hospitals here!


















 





stated meeting 



the 2nd monday of  every* month at 7:00pm 
*dark july & august 









 





call us 



							(520) 624-2509						









 





office hours 



monday – friday8:00 am – 3:00 pm
p.o. box 12893tucson, az 85732-2893 
















web resources 












 









 









 









 













 









 









 









 













the measure of your life is your impact on other people. make it count; become a shriner... 






learn more











or visit: 



 














join us...be a shrinerlearn moretemple topics now available online.read current and past editions.read them here read more here 


 previous slide


 next slide















follow us social media 













 









 












our philanthropic work 













 









 











shriners children’s® is a health care system with locations in the u.s., canada and mexico. staff is dedicated to improving the lives of children by providing pediatric specialty care, conducting innovative research, and offering outstanding educational programs for medical professionals. children up to age 18 with orthopedic conditions, burns, spinal cord injuries, and cleft lip and palate are eligible for care, regardless of the families’ ability to pay. within these broad service lines, many types of care are provided. for example, some locations offer reconstructive plastic surgery, treatment for craniofacial abnormalities or care for sports injuries. generally, care is provided until age 18, although, in some cases, it may be extended to age 21. all services are provided in a compassionate, family-centered environment. to read more visit: www.shrinerschildren.org 











 


















    thank you for visiting the online home of the sabbar shriners










    copyright© 2023-2025 sabbar shriners. all rights reserved.



        
            designed by web designs arizona.
    


























load more
































