







	ua local 295



































































 login




need user/password instructions?


























									plumbers & pipefitters of daytona beach
								

















toggle navigation









home



about us




ua local 295
plumbers & pipefitters of daytona beach



local 295 sitemap




about us
members
events
officers
ua history
territorial





organizing
wage rates
political action
government info.
news archive
links










training



benefits




ua local 295 benefits office
managing the benefits for members and their families



local 295 benefits office




benefits office home





benefit forms










contractors


contact































welcome to ua local 295
								




over 110 years
								




professionalism
								




integrity
								




american pride
								

and much more...
								










journeyman training
								




pipe welding certifications
								




orbital welding certifications
								




construction supervision
								




refrigeration and air conditioning
								

...many more specialized subjects!
								










ua local 295 services
								




industrial construction
								




commercial construction
								




residential construction
								




hvac-r service
								

and much more...
								




















welcome to local 295

thank you for taking the time to learn more about us through our website.










serving daytona beach and the space coast since 1913!

welcome to the official web site of united association of plumbers & pipefitters local union 295 in beautiful daytona beach, florida. local union 295 represents over 350 members. our jurisdiction covers all of flagler, volusia and brevard counties, including cape canaveral space force, patrick air force base, kennedy space flight center and the malabar radar site.

local 295 boasts having been instrumental in getting our space program "off the ground" in that we have helped build many of the launch pads in use at the kennedy space flight center since its inception.

local 295 offers an excellent apprenticeship training school with a five-year program consisting of classroom training as well as on-the-job training. completion of the program also allows for credit at daytona state college.

local 295 is located in the home of race weeks, bike weeks, spring break and other special events.







            top news
        

110th anniversary dinner hotel information 
special order of business meeting may 29, 2024
union hall holiday schedule
2025 wellness initiative


news archive
to see previous articles please click here .

click for archive
										


















join our apprenticeship program
the plumbers and pipe fitters of local 295 joint apprenticeship committee conducts periodic recruitment on an annual basis or based on additional manpower needs. 

								read more 
								
								or
								contact us 

















benefits office


benefits office
we hope you will find valuable information on these pages and we encourage you to use the “contact us” to send us your feedback. if there is info. that you would like to see included in the future let us know!
read more








contractors


contractors
ua local 295 is committed to putting the most highly trained workforce into the field to work for our contractors. view our huge database full of local and regional contractors. if you need assistance, please call us today!
read more








training center


training center
the plumber or pipefitter apprenticeship program is a five- year training program. local 295's' objective of the instruction, along with on the job experience, is to turn out trained, skilled journeymen.
read more








members only


members only
please log in to access the members only sections. if you do not have a ua card number please contact the ua local 295 union office and they will provide you with your temporary password.
read more













learn more about our services
plumbers and steamfitters local 295 is a craft union representing members employed in the construction industry.



click here




















we are a labor organization of 450+ women and men who set the standards for quality in the plumbing, mechanical, and heating & air conditioning industries throughout flagler, volusia, and brevard counties.









 743 n. beach street daytona beach fl 32114
386-252-7171
386-252-7180
email: click here








links


home
about us
training
apprenticeship
contractors
contact






quick contact




leave this field blank






















copyright © 2025 ua local 295 | all rights reserved | developed by unionlaborworks










































