

































































local news | richmond, va | richmond.com





















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















48°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



virginia video network



crime



politics



state & region



education



nation & world



news tip




business


local



on the move



top workplaces




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


high school



college



professional



betting



casino



lifestyles


event calendar



arts & theatre



movies & tv



music



comics



puzzles



contests



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



pets



travel



faith



announcements



sponsored features



join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



today's ads



special sections




our publications


mechanicsville local



powhatan today



goochland gazette




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



shop local



public notices



buyer's guide



rtd merchandise




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



subscribe



newsletter sign-up



contact us



advertise with rtd



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

business

obituaries

opinion

sports

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs









48°
clear














local
crime
state
politics
business
education
nation & world





                
                local news
                
                    

















        
        
            do richmond residents pay a hidden tax on their utility bills?

since 2020, richmond's utilities have directed over $100,000,000 billed from residents to the city's general fund. why?

















        
        
            how the rtd earned a victory for press freedom at us supreme court

the reporters from the richmond times-dispatch and the richmond news leader covering a murder trial in hanover county in 1976 likely had no reason to expect the case would spiral into something beyond a routine crime beat assignment. 

















        
        
            here's how richmond residents want to spend $3m people's budget

more speed bumps. fewer potholes. more sidewalks. fewer parking lots. fewer geese.

















        
        
            commercial mortgages: cre activity expected to bounce back in 2025

just like kendrick lamar, the halftime performer at super bowl lix, sang about having hustle and ambition flow inside his dna, banks seem to have lending to real estate owners inside their dna. despite all the noise about problems, the fourth quarter 2024 cbre lending index indicated that ba…

















        
        
            complaint says chesterfield schools are violating federal, state disability laws

the complaint alleges that chesterfield county public schools bus drivers do not carry the proper documentation needed to best address behavioral or medical issues that could arise with special education students.

















        
        
            st. mary's hospital to build 8-story tower, transforming its campus

the largest capital project in the hospital's history will provide new intensive care units and private rooms for every patient. 

















        
        
            uva to resume transgender care; vcu waiting to respond

in late january, the trump administration and virginia attorney general jason miyares directed the two state-affiliated hospital systems to stop providing gender-affirming care to children and teens under 19. 
























        
        
            a1 minute! february 14, 2025; valentine's day in richmond; meet 804 varsity athlete of the week; weekend top 5 events  [a1]




a1 minute! february 14, 2025; valentine's day in richmond; meet 804 varsity athlete of the week; weekend top 5 events [a1] 




















        
        
            avula backs regional water cooperation and says communications during outage not a concern




“i’m not overly concerned with the timeline i’m seeing in these multiple reports,” mayor danny avula said. “i feel like there as pretty consistent communication ..."




















        
        
            chesterfield police arrest man in shamrock pub shooting




chesterfield county police arrested a suspect in connection to a shooting last month that injured five people at the shamrock pub on robious road.




















        
        
            commercial real estate listings: river city airsoft leases space for new storefront




a look at recent real estate transactions in the richmond region. 

























        
        
            ur student studies ancient artifacts that are returned to mexico




the university of richmond recently held a repatriation ceremony to return a collection of ancient pre-hispanic artifacts to mexico. 




















        
        
            health system bon secours, insurer cigna at odds over reimbursement




if the two sides do not reach an agreement by march 31, most of bon secours' local hospitals will leave cigna's network. 




















        
        
            richmond public schools is out of snow days. now what?




school divisions must provide 180 days, or 990 hours, of instruction or face a loss of critical state funding, per virginia state code. 
































        
        
            florida man charged with murder in i-295 shooting

police in florida arrested a man in connection with a fatal shooting that happened after two tractor-trailers collided on interstate 295 in henrico county. 




















        
        
            report on water crisis: dpu lacks 'established, written standard operating procedures'

hntb’s report said there were “no established training procedures or written training manuals” at the plant at the time of the power outage, and that dpu generally lacks “established, written standard operating procedures for typical plant operations."




















        
        
            2 men arrested in january homicide in richmond

on january 27, officers responded to a report of a shooting in the 1000 block of st. james street in gilpin court.




















        
        
            hanover backs regional oversight of richmond water plant

hanover supervisors said they want to have their own staff watching over the richmond water plant. these comments came a day after henrico officials said they wanted regional oversight of the water supply.





















        
        
            vdh: state officials didn't use enforcement power at city water plant

the vdh didn't use its enforcement authority to compel richmond to comply with the recommendations of an epa report on richmond’s water treatment plant issued in 2022.





















        
        
            a1 minute! february 13, 2025:  black love expo; “finding edna lewis documentary on pbs; 2025 vcu baseball preview[a1]

black love expo; “finding edna lewis documentary on pbs; 2025 vcu baseball preview 




















        
        
            richmond police officer tied to marcus-david peters shooting was decertified

the richmond police officer involved in the death of marcus-david peters in 2018 is appealing a decertification of his police credentials on friday.




















        
        
            icy conditions cause tens of thousands to lose power in the richmond area

as tuesday's snow converted into sleet and freezing rain overnight, the number of power outages and vehicle crashes rose throughout virginia, including richmond.

















                
                recommended for you












        
        
            tornado warning for virginia sunday morning


















        
        
            do richmond residents pay a hidden tax on their utility bills?


















        
        
            complaint says chesterfield schools are violating federal, state disability laws















                
                interact with us


















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 




















        
        
            read the e-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper!

updated every day! 
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 

























        
        
            photos: a tale of snow and ice in the richmond area



















        
        
            henrico nurse charged with abusing baby is granted release from jail

a henrico county judge granted bond to erin strotman on wednesday, after her lawyer submitted a mental health evaluation that determined she is not a risk to herself or others. 





















        
        
            a1 minute! february 12, 2025:  vhsl reverses trans policy; more acts scheduled for amphitheater; swimming bonds family, friends[a1]

vhsl reverses trans policy; more acts scheduled for amphitheater; swimming bonds family, friends 












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.





















        
        
            new planet fitness now open on west broad

planet fitness has opened its seventh area location at 6303 w. broad st. in henrico county. 





















        
        
            rva sports awards red carpet show | presented by richmond region tourism

rva sports awards red carpet show | presented by richmond region tourism 




















        
        
            hanover hit with the highest snowfall totals in the richmond region

the latest winter storm rolled through the richmond area tuesday, with parts of hanover seeing up to 5.5 inches of snow.




















        
        
            henrico may end reliance on richmond water if regional solution isn't found

“if they can’t get their act together and we can’t get a deal (for a regional solution) … then we’re willing to protect our citizens without the city of richmond’s water treatment plant,” said tuckahoe supervisor jody rogish.









more local news



























×
















facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram









sites & partners


en forme

mechanicsville-ashland local

powhatan today

the goochland gazette

public notices

contests

join our team

get healthy




services


manage subscription

about us

contact us

advertise with us

newsletter sign up

become a carrier

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        richmond times-dispatch, 8460 times dispatch blvd. mechanicsville, va 23116
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

breaking news

subscribe

























