












home - evbb.com blog










































































home
about evbb.com

contacts


evbb.com news
animal blood banks

the concept
the list


veterinarian profession

career path
daily struggle
the present, the future
veterinarian practice


online resources
 




homeabout evbb.com contactsevbb.com newsanimal blood banks the concept the listveterinarian profession career path daily struggle the present, the future veterinarian practiceonline resources 








welcome to e-veterinary blood bankan informative veterinary blog for everyoneand animal behaviourresearching veterinary medicinea practice but a lifestyle tooveterinary medicine is not just

 










about me


not every veterinary blog will be as informative as you would want it to be. many happen to be plagiarised content collated from various websites and journals as-it-is.
my blog, as you will find, is a total opposite: it’s a clear indication of the deep love i, joanne doe, have for animals, and every bit of information picked up from my research material has been duly credited via links to the original source. i spend an average 6 to 8 hours daily researching veterinary medicine and animal behaviour so that i may be able to publish a blog that is not only educative but informative and interesting to read as well.

 

			read more		

 







 












my articles




 










bank on the run – inside uk´s first mobile blood bank for dogs



just like blood banks exist for humans, dogs too have their own canine blood bank. the pet blood bank in the uk provides this unique service to veterinary practitioners all over the uk. the focus of the blood bank is to improve animal health and welfare. by providing ready access to appropriate canine blood, the […]



									read more							






 










veterinary blood banks: why they are essential for your pets



at times our furry friends may suffer from some illness or an emergency, thereby presenting a critical requirement for blood. the veterinary patients that are critically ill with anemia, cancer, trauma or clotting problems may often need plasma or blood. it is here where veterinary blood banks can help. with just a single unit of […]



									read more							






 










dog blood bank saves pets but the donors are neglected



a man coming up with a blood bank for his best friend is a true humane act but neglecting the donor is so inhumane and puts the whole idea in jeopardy. we all live in a world, where injuries can happen anytime same for our pets. in a blink of a second, you might be […]



									read more							






 










scope for vet professionals: predicting a steady need for future veterinary medical doctors



the supply-demand relationship for qualified veterinarians in the u.s. from 1985 to 2005 indicated that the field is grossly under-supplied. though people have been graduating from veterinary colleges, the requirement supersedes the supply. doctors that cater to illnesses of human beings are in plenty and so are training institutes for them that are dispersed across […]



									read more							






 










pet care careers: commence on an exciting career path in veterinary medicine



animal lovers will find veterinary medicine to be an interesting career that is rewarding and popular. though the study involved thereof is tiresome, the rewards you reap are certainly attractive and worth the sweat. if you are wondering as to why you ought to spend so many gruelling years in pursuit of a veterinary medicine […]



									read more							






 










faunal blood banks, a sine qua non: why veterinary blood banks are the need of the hour!



those who have had pets are sure to know, by now, that animals can have anaemia. the disease is life-threatening and it comes in varying degrees in different animals. the severity of the same is what dictates whether the affected animal can have a blood transfusion or not. other than anaemia, there are other diseases […]



									read more							
















sites of interest


veterinarians are highly trained professionals whose main work involves taking care of the health and well-being of animals of all kinds. vet doctors make use of problem-solving skills and in-depth knowledge of biological, social, and physical sciences to be able to perform the correct diagnosis. the proper diagnosis makes it possible to treat and further prevent the spread of contagious diseases from one animal to another.
veterinarians also ensure that our environment is clean and free from any disease causing agents as some animal diseases can be transferred onto humans, if people are not careful and if the diseases are not treated well and in time. the profession however becomes more complicated if the practitioners do not have a place from where they can gather additional knowledge.

 

			read more		

 







 












sites of interest
 









my family pies - a lot of strange and taboo things can happen in an ordinary family where new step members are present. step siblings always find a way to mess up and this is what happens here - in a very sexual way.
available now: pieforfamily.com





 





asmrfantasy.net - some sound stimulation time. if you aren't familiar with the asmr thing it's about time you catch up with technology. see how to get stimulated both visually and with sounds - all that with the most beautiful models!
available now: asmrfantasy.net

 







caught fapping - brand new series in family of adult time. prepare yourself to see some embarrassing moments of girls caught fapping. it's time for their intimate moment of privacy but being busted is no fun. especially if it's your step family member doing that.
available now: caughtfapping.net





 





family sinners - some families hide all kind of secrets. watch these story-driven episodes of step family members affairs in all kind of configurations. family comes first having yet another meaning!
available now: sinfamilies.com

 






mommysboy - 2021 brings us a big treat and this time it's all about mommies teaching their boys how to become men. controversial fantasy with a twist, featuring the world's most beautiful milfs - in this age-gap spicy scenes.
available now: mommysboy.net





 





czech hunter - years of adventures in the country of czech. watch broke straight guys take up on our offer of some questionable services in exchange for quick cash. times are tough are every little coin counts!
available now: czechgays.com

 







madfuckers.org - all kind of intense emotions make this series special. watch love/hate, tensions, ripped clothes and busted make-ups. all that in non-stop filth, graphic interpretation done by modern-day sins studio. our today's society is truly one of its kind and it's a perfect showcase on the issues we all have!
available now: madfuckers.org





 





xempire - home to the finest gonzo content on the web is here. if you know darkx, hardx and other x series then you are going to enjoy having all the access to them with a single membership. gonzo fun has never been so exclusive and so accessible!
available now: sexempires.com

 







downlowboys.net - all you wanted to explore in the world of interracial gay fun. watch intense meetings where black boys are getting intimate with their white partners. this dogfart's production is your place to be when it comes to the most graphic man on man fun!
available now: downlowboys.net





 





sean cody - home to the finest and most authentic gay experience with american origins. come meet the newest talents we have found on the american soil and watch them in action with other guys!
available now: gaycody.com

 











 







a pathway for veterinarians to practice


veterinarians in the united states undergo rigorous vetting and testing before they can be confirmed to be ready for veterinary medicine practice. this is because the federal government takes the course with deadly seriousness since there are very few veterinary doctors who have world-class training.
in order to avoid disappointments in the field, the government has established various pathways to be passed by those who have interest in the course. foreigners who desire to practice veterinary medicine in the united states, however, have a different program that they have to go through. one cannot practice directly if they have not been trained as per the guidelines of the u.s. government.

 

			read more		

 










subscribe to my newsletter
to keep updated with my blog
 





 




 





gallery
pictures from my research
 














expert doctors












sundial vet doc doctor













doctor checking the dog














veterinarian petting dog













dog blood donor





 




 





connect with me
please feel free to share your thoughts with me, or just say hi! 
 










name				* 




email				* 




message				* 






											submit									


 
 






 












cookies policy
terms and conditions
privacy policy
 



e-veterinary blood banks | copyright © 2017
































