





butte humane society – saving lives. finding homes. inspiring compassion.


 






































donate to become a hero to a shelter animal in need!butte humane society
 donate! | email | contact us | (530) 343-7917



volunteer login
hours/location

home
adopt

adopt today!
adopt a dog
adopt a cat
pet of the month – sutton


donate

see all the ways you can donate
donate now
recurring donations
wish list – items needed now


veterinary center

meet the team
online pharmacy & store
surgery
exams and services
vaccines
center pricing
learning center


get involved

become a volunteer
become a foster
sponsorship opportunities
community fundraising
internship opportunities
large volunteer group opportunities


our additional services

rehoming your pet
pet food and supply pantry
fix it program
resources >>

lost/found an animal
pet friendly housing in chico
spay & neuter assistance
disaster preparedness
feral/community cats
report animal cruelty
behavior and training resources




events

calendar of events
take a tour of bhs!
birthday parties!


about

contact us
about butte humane society
board of directors
staff
community partners
blog
monthly pawpost
butte humane society newsroom
privacy policy


woofstock





























so much to learn and do here at butte humane society. join us and our furry friends at many of our events during the year!





adult … more...
thank you for adopting from butte humane society!

choosing to adopt an animal from butte humane society (bhs) is choosing to save lives, … more
stay in the know with our monthly newsletter! discover exclusive deals, exciting events, and charming animal stories in every edition. … more
time for a new furry friend?
make a difference in an animals life! adopt your next best friend from butte humane society!
adopt an animal today


pet of the month!
meet sutton, a 1-year-old australian cattle dog who’s always on the move! whether it’s running, or zooming around, sutton’s got endless … more...
how can you help?
there is always so much to do at a shelter! thanks to dedicated staff and volunteers, we are able to help hundreds of pets every year. we … more...
spay & neuter
click here for information on spay and neuter assistance programs. 




the importance of spaying and neutering your pets
if you’ve … more...
















about butte humane society
welcome to butte humane society (bhs).  we are one of the oldest non-profit agencies in butte county, california, working since 1911 to bring humanitarian care to dogs, cats and other animals. 
we are a limited admission shelter that strives to make our animals as comfortable as possible during their stay with us.


emergency?
if you have an animal emergency, please call chico animal control  (530) 897-4960

important links
about butte humane society
lost/found an animal
events
pet of the month – sutton
how you can help
employment opportunities
affordable – spay & neuter

 




 by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive sms text message and/or marketing emails from butte humane society for appointment reminders, marketing messages, and general two way communication. message&data rates may apply. messaging frequency varies. reply stop to opt out. for help, reply help. for more information, please see our privacy policy and terms and conditions.


copyright © 2025 butte humane society · privacy policy · terms and conditions  · log in 













 



