

funhouse amusements






















			 


















































celebrating 18 years of excellence in games, 
service, and support!
do you operate 
coin-op equipment that can’t seem to stay fixed? is your current service 
provider simply not offering sufficient repair services? would you like to 
upgrade that old cd jukebox to a new state-of-the-art internet jukebox music 
system?  how about upgrading that old golden tee golf or converting it to a new 
golden tee live?  
            with almost 20 years of 
experience, funhouse amusements has established itself as one of the most 
reliable, professional, and qualified names in gaming. whether 
it’s the repair of a game you already operate, the sale of a new one, the 
installation of a totally new system, or the restoration of a favorite jukebox, 
we take great pride in the quality of our workmanship and our commitment to 
total customer satisfaction. what started in 1991 as a small venture focused on 
repairs and sales to private game rooms has expanded greatly in scope, 
specializing now in emerging technology for commercial clients as well. 

             
funhouse amusements has become an industry leader with the know-how to provide 
operators with the latest in internet and computer-based entertainment, be it 
music, gaming, or a combination of the two. for customers looking for gaming 
entertainment, we specialize in a variety of computer based programs, including 
games by merit™, raw thrills™, incredible technologies™, and many others! 

             
we also specialize in meeting the needs of internet jukebox operators. 
for operators seeking access to new locations, we have the knowledge to make it 
happen. funhouse amusements has the expertise needed to handle every facet of 
the system installation – including setup of the internet connection – as well 
as the subsequent maintenance of these systems. (for more information on all of 
our operator services, see our operators’ corner page) 
             
while funhouse amusements has expanded in past years to serve commercial needs, 
we’ve remained committed our homeowner clientele as well. we repair and 
restore all types of game room items, including pinball machines, video 
games, touch screen games, cd and 45 jukeboxes, sit-down driving games, and 
nostalgic advertising signs. 
             
we strive to provide the highest quality game room items. to take the worry out 
of the buying process, we back all of our products with a 100% 90 day in-home 
warranty to ensure that you are fully satisfied with your purchase.  if we 
don't have a particular pinball or game in stock, we will be more than happy to 
locate one for you!

all local sales include:

·        
100% "end to end"  90 day 
in-home warranty.

·        
delivery – we deliver the products 
ourselves to ensure no damage occurs in the process.

·        
setup – we ready the item 
completely – no assembly required!

·        
most importantly, we provide 
complete service after the sale on every item we sell!
whether you are an operator looking to 
purchase equipment, a newbie to the gaming industry ready to purchase your first 
game, or a homeowner whose favorite game has suddenly ceased working, we would 
love to help you! contact us today to schedule an appointment, and find out why 
countless customers have chosen funhouse amusements as their source for “havin’ 
fun since ’91!"





 new in our showroom 
stern's hot new pin ...
batman!
  









pat lawlor's action packed golf themed pin featuring the antics of budd 
and buzz 




 
 
open as many 
attractions possible!









be a tycoon and own it all!





		
 





all of the 80's nostalgic games authentically 
reproduced in upright and cocktail table cabinets
 












		2006 version of golden tee featuring 29 courses in one authentic arcade 
cabinet
 




the most sophisticated, most 
    realistic, and most fun bowling video game ever made!
 





     


the hunt continues!!! 




merging the speed of the 
    racetrack with the speed of the silver ball!









pat lawlor and stern team up together for another great adventure in 
pinball

 




        



copyright © 2003 funhouse amusements

 












complete "shop" and restorations





wide variety of neon and other signs to choose from 




80's classics




90's classics




new in box games







refurnished and ready for delivery

		
 




classic 80's arcade games available
		
 







top notch service and repair







sit down driving games to choose from







nostalgic jukebox's 







collectable antique slot machines






unmatched restorations



fun for the entire family! 







home      
			repair      
			operators' corner      
			restorations      
			merchandise      
			contact      
			about us




