









the write wing conspiracy - the writings will continue until morale improves!









the write wing conspiracy
the writings will continue until morale improves!






write quote
 "what a bargain: at a cost of a mere 
              $100,000 or so, a northeastern college can take your child and transform 
              him into a delicate flower incapable of handling opinions at odds 
              with his own...and it can, as a bonus, perhaps make him rude and 
              incorrigible." - rich 
              lowry 
what they're saying

						       "read the write wing conspiracy or be thought irredeemably uncool." - glenn reynolds

spiritually fueled by

canyon hills community church

write blogs

a lady's ruminations *check it!*analphilosopherarmavirumquebest of the web todayblogdom of godblue revolution (sweden)committees of correspondenceconservative philosopherdaily demarchedavid yeagleydissecting leftismdonald luskinevangelical outposteverything is dumbfrankly speakinggut rumbleshugh hewittintellectuelleirish pennantsjoel rosenbergjollybloggermark steynmatt crash!molly's ponderingsnehring the edgenew sisyphusone hand clappingorigin of stormspaul's wordpowerlinequantum thoughtrantingprofssamantha burnssteve sailerstones cry outstop the acluthe broken messengerthe cornerthe volokh conspiracytomopiauncorrelatedvictor davis hansonwhat if?who moved my truth?wizbang

the nw conspiracy

alexander hamiltonambra nykolbrian maloneycroker sackdavid hallidaydigital brown-pajamasdoug andersoneye on olympiahead west, turn righthorologiumjim millermatt rosenbergmichael medved fansnathan azinger *check it!*p. scott cumminsprivate radiopull on superman's capereason and mechanismrichard bennettseablogsseattle sensesilly seattleskor grimmsound politicsstefan sharkanskythe mulatto advocatetimothy goddard

write news & views

american conservativefox newsfrontpage magazineintellectual conservativejunk sciencenational review onlineopinionjournalorbusmaxreal clear politicsseattle timesslatetech central stationthe drudge reportthe strangertongue tiedtownhallwashington postwashington times

write organizations

claremont institutediscovery instituteevergreen freedom foundationhoover institutionintercolliegiate studies institutethe heritage foundationwashington policy centeryoung americas foundation

write writers

george willjoel rosenbergjohn derbyshirejonah goldbergmeghan cox gurdontom wolfewfb

write info

search the biblewikipediaword of the day

the big game

athletics nationbaseball prospectusespn mlbfire joe morganlookout landingoakland a'sseattle marinersthe hardball timesuss marinerwhere have you gone, andy van slyke?

other games

denver broncosgonzaga bulldogskasey kahnemontana grizzliesseattle seahawksseattle stormseattle supersonicstony stewartusa swimming

write coin

crown financial ministriesdave ramseymotley fool

write rock

aerosmithbethany dilloncasting crownsday of firedream theaterjoe satrianikutlessmarty friedmanmegadethskilletslashsteven curtis chapmantrans-siberian orchestratree 63weird al yankovic

write affiliations



theodore's worldogre's politics & viewsoptical illusions etc... - word & picture illusions, real, imagined, some scary and all free!pigilito says...slapstick politicsblue star chroniclesright wing thinkingconservative cat45-caliber justicesixhertz house of paintechnudge - bill o'brien does technology the hard wayneocon expressbarking moonbat early warning systemnovatownhall blogtracy and matt's blogoutlaw republican, thevince aut moriredyre portentseugene rantdumb ox, thewhat i'd liked to have saiddrunken wisdom704 houser streetunabashedly unhyphenatedpoint fivewalt's brain, stories, jokes & odd stuffonemanbandwidth: china blog of an american professor in chinadesert cat's musingsflashbangbasil's blog123betaecho9erconservathinkdiscerning texan, thepennsylvanian in exilemy vast right wing conspiracyjustin's random thoughtsalabama improperstrong conservative, theastute blogger, theconfabulationsecret life of shoes, thewhere are my socks?script, thescared monkeysdr. phat tony'ssomething... and half of somethingbut that's just my opinionalpaca burger forum for cranky old menconservative thinkingi'm feeling lucky!powered byblogrolling











may 18, 2006


happy birthday to...me!


26 years ago on this date, mt. st. 
helens erupted violently, spreading ash across much of the northwest - 
enough so that my father, on his way to work in missoula, mt,  would 
scrape some off the hood of his car as a keepsake for his newborn son 
named...jason hagglund.
my gift to myself will be to...work faster! ;)
sorry (yet again) for my lack of productivity here.  it has to do 
with an overflowing abundance of it elsewhere in my life, which i'll 
tell y'all about when i finally get the time.

posted by j. hagglund at 06:36 am | permalink
                                 | comments (1)
                                 | trackbacks (0)





april 11, 2006


better photos than mine


better than a lot of other peoples', for that matter.  phoric, he of the origin of storms blog, has recently launched a new photo blog that you all really need to check out.

posted by j. hagglund at 10:05 am | permalink
                                 | comments (1)
                                 | trackbacks (0)







photos, at long last


check out my pictures from opening day 2006 at safeco field.

posted by j. hagglund at 12:45 am | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)





march 23, 2006


dissapointing end to a great season


gonzaga loses to ucla, 73-71.
mbah a moute scored six of the final 11 points and got a key
 steal in the final seconds to seal the win and send ucla to its first 
regional final since 1997.
a key steal?  it was a mugging!  alas, it was one missed call.  these things happen.
a sweet 16 berth pretty much always translates into a sucessful season though.  it was a great run.
note to adam morrison:  please come back!

posted by j. hagglund at 09:53 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)





march 21, 2006


skip bayless is overrated


i'll admit this much:  i am quite steamed that skip brainless bayless, the least intelligent sports writer in america, has decided to blast away at my boy adam morrison (my favorite communist of all time).
  this may or may not color the criticisms i'm about to level against 
him.  but the fact is, i've long thought bayless to have a room 
temperature iq, and the content of this column shows why.  let's break 
it down.

continue reading "skip bayless is overrated" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 09:35 am | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)





march 15, 2006


bracket time


it's that time of year you 
know, and i have my bracket and my mustache ready (which, by the way, is
 much better than adam morrison's).  for the second consecutive year, i 
have both of my alma maters to root for.  my upset-happy bracket dictates that montana will shock nevada in the first round before bowing out to boston college; meanwhile, gonzaga will defeat michigan state in the title game 87-83.

continue reading "bracket time" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 04:05 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)







plagarists!


the 2006 set of commercials for the seattle mariners is out, and in light of the "folk hero" bit on my favorite mariner richie sexson, i believe i'm owed some money.
upon the signing of uber-slugger free agents 1b richmond 
lockwood sexson (eschewing the more mainstream "richie sexson", i think 
the man's full name imbues him with the aura of a folk hero; the intriguing intensity this man has in his eyes while playing only adds to that)...[emphasis added]
you mariners executives are hereby encouraged to contact me for an address where a check can be sent.

continue reading "plagarists!" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 03:08 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)





march 14, 2006


chef goes nanners for good


issac hayes, soul singer and voice of the heretofore irreplacable chef, has decided enough is enough.  to hear hayes tell it, a show dedicated to ridiculing every conceivable group of people on planet earth crossed the line when it took aim at scientology.

continue reading "chef goes nanners for good" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 03:35 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)







watch how you saywa!


the washington department of community, trade, economic development, and free ice cream (ok, i made that part up) has devised a catchy new tourism slogan:
according to the state tourism office web site, "saywa
 is a distillation of the sense of wonder that comes with discovery. it 
describes the moment when an experience becomes emotional. where the 
traveler is no longer an observer, but a participant. the saywa moment."
 [empasis mine]
i had a really politically incorrect thought about this, in light of western washington's sizeable asian population.

continue reading "watch how you saywa!" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 02:10 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)







more starbucks silliness


ladies and gentlemen, feast your eyes and dull your intellects.  i present to you...the way i see it #61:
imagine we are all the same.  imagine we agree about 
politics, religion and morality.  imagine we like the same types of 
music, art, food and coffee.  imagine we all look alike.  sound boring? 
 differences need not divide us.  embrace diversity.  dignity is 
everyone's human right.

-- bill brummel, documentary filmmaker.  his programs focus on human rights issues [what else?].
well, whoever says that imitation is a form of flattery can eat my shorts:

continue reading "more starbucks silliness" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 01:45 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)





march 08, 2006


just how the heck did we get here then?


"i am trying for the life of 
me [to understand] how anybody can protest what v-day is," she says. "i 
have no idea why we have a conservative element in this country that 
doesn't believe in sex, that opposes masturbation, that thinks 
homosexuality and lesbians are evil. i think sexuality is healthy and 
gorgeous and delicious." - eve ensler in the washington post
just how did this conservative element come into being if we're so 
opposed to sex?  i assume the blockbuster story about jerry falwell's 
super-secret bioengineering plant runs tomorrow?

continue reading "just how the heck did we get here then?" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 03:45 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)







too much of the hagglund to love?


after my workout this morning, i was 
shocked to learn that even though i'd been a bit of a slacker with my 
workouts for  the past couple of weeks, my weight has dropped down to 
251.
however, this is a somewhat bittersweet realization after calculating my body mass index.

continue reading "too much of the hagglund to love?" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 08:44 am | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)





march 07, 2006


something evil the wal-mart has done!


not content to merely steamroll mom n' 
pops with their low prices (reverse price gouging!) and general mastery 
of the large-scale retail business, the wal-mart has apparently been 
endearing itself to sympathetic bloggers to help clean up its image, so reports the new york times:

continue reading "something evil the wal-mart has done!" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 04:15 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)







id intelligence


intelligent design
 is something i have a keen interest in but have lacked the time (to say
 nothing of competence) to write about substantively.  being a christian
 myself, and one who believes the bible represents truth rather than a 
fine collection of stories, i obviously believe id presents a more 
plausible explanation for our existence than darwinian evolution.  but 
as one who believes intellectual honesty is both key to my faith and a 
duty in its own right, i concede that evolution represents the consensus
 scientific view and realize that opposing ideas will have an uphill 
battle.  it's more the nature of the debate itself, rather than the 
existence of evolution theory, that often bothers me.
as it turns out, i'm not the only one.  an admitted proponent of evolution, education reformer andy smarick, has contributed a fine piece of writing at nro
 today expressing his own dissatisfaction with the nature of the public 
debate on this issue.  in sum, proponents of evolution have narrowed the
 terms of the debate to exclude alternate explanations, misrepresenting 
both contesting ideas and their own scientific discipline.

continue reading "id intelligence" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 03:44 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)







differing degrees of intolerance


at oregon state university about a month ago, one nathaniel blake had the audacity to pen a column in the daily barometer befitting its headline - "the islamic double standard."
  this obviously wasn't going to fly on this or any other college campus
 without considerable furor.  but, oddly enough, some of the reaction 
has involved muslim students, enraged at the suggestion that their 
religion receives special treatment, demanding special treatment, so reports oregonlive:

continue reading "differing degrees of intolerance" â»


posted by j. hagglund at 03:00 pm | permalink
                                 | comments (0)
                                 | trackbacks (0)











preliminary bull

what is this garbage?

comments

other conspiracies

write wing photography

support the wwc

























write books







the intellectual atonement project









write albums








categories


american politics

books

christianity/spirituality

gonzaga

greatest hits

humor

international politics

life

man bites dog

music

not top plays

political philosophy

pop culture

sports

the nw conspiracy

venom-spewing leftists

website info/news





archives


may 2006
april 2006
march 2006
february 2006
january 2006
december 2005
november 2005
october 2005
september 2005
august 2005
july 2005
june 2005
may 2005
april 2005
march 2005
january 2005
december 2004
november 2004
october 2004
september 2004





















$2,350,382,537,659

i'm aslimy molluscin thettlb ecosystem

search this blog:     â» blogs that link here



subscribe to this blog's feed
                           [what is this?]
                        




                           this weblog is licensed under a creative commons license.
                        



                           powered bymovable type 3.2









we are proud supporters of the verizon fios community

