




aquatic moss. how to grow aquatic moss. info on java moss, christmas moss, taiwan moss, peacock moss, stringy moss



















 


welcome to aquamoss

aquarama 11

aquarama 07
 

moss sale!






 
 





 
 

 
web
 
www.aquamoss.net




















 




introductions 
        to mosses
how to grow aquatic 
        moss
how 
        to create a moss wall
java moss - the most 
        common aquatic moss
the 
        scientific name of java moss
list of aquatic moss
articles
newsletter
links
contact me
search
moss sale
 


 
 

 








 
 


this website is all about aquatic moss, and is dedicated to all planted 
        aquaria enthusiasts who are interested is creating a natural aquarium 
        using aquatic moss. 
i've tried my very best to keep this site as informative and comprehensive 
        as possible. while i've listed down all the aquatic moss that i know (see the list of aquatic moss), 
        i believe that it is nowhere near complete. if you have any different 
        species of aquatic moss that is not listed here, and you would like to 
        contribute to this site to make it more comprehensive, please contact 
        me.
if you want to be kept updated on the latest happening in this website 
        about aquatic moss, please subscribe to the aquamoss 
        newsletter.
i hope you will enjoy visiting this site.
 


 

 
 
 


 
name the moss contest 
                  vote for your favorite name for this moss  and
                  stand a chance to win some of the moss!

i have stopped accepting names for this moss. if you would like to see what are the suggested names, and would like to vote for the name that you like, please subscribe to the aquamoss newsletter. all those who vote for the name will stand a chance to win some of this moss. details will be given after you have subscribed to the newsletter. 
 
 




 





 
 






taxiphyllum 
            species "peacock"
stringy moss - leptodictyum 
            riparium


 
 


 
 






java moss - taxiphyllum 
            barbieri
willow moss - frontinalis 
            antipyretica


 
 


 
more pictures 
        of the various species of aquatic moss!

phoenix moss (us fissidens) - fissiden fontanus new 
phoenix moss - fissidens sp. from singapore new
mini taiwan moss - isopterygium sp. new
flame moss - taxiphyllum sp. new
string moss (japan moss) - taxiphyllum sp. new
willow moss - frontinalis antipyretica
stringy moss - leptodictyum riparium
java moss - taxiphyllum barbieri
giant moss - taxiphyllum sp.
green sock moss - taxiplyllum sp.
taxiplyllum sp. 'peacock'
spiky moss - taxiplyllum sp.
taiwan moss - taxiplyllum alternans
singapore moss - vesicularia dubyana
weeping moss - vesicularia ferriei
christmas moss - vesicularia montagnei
erect moss - vesicularia reticulata
creeping moss - vesicularia sp.

 
last update: jul 07 


 
 
 
 







if you like this site and would like 
              to contribute to the maintenance
              of this site, please click here:
  
		  









 


copyright © 2005. http://www.aquamoss.net 
          - information about the cultivation of the different aquatic moss, aquarium 
          moss, java moss, and christmas moss.
          all rights reserved. the information on this website may not be reproduced, 
          republished or mirrored on any other webpages or websites without the 
          consent of the siteowner. 
















