homepage - alexander mccall smith    
 
























alexander mccall smith	


books 
what’s new in books?
the no. 1 ladies’ detective agency
44 scotland street
isabel dalhousie and the sunday philosophy club
the detective varg series
von igelfeld
corduroy mansions series
the perfect passion company
stand-alone books
poetry
school ship tobermory children’s series
precious children’s series / precious ramotswe mysteries for young readers
akimbo children’s series
children’s books that are not part of a series
ebook shorts
bibliography

biography
news & events 
news
events
newsletters

story calendar
off the page 
highlights
the great tapestry of scotland
stage & music
quotes
press, screen, virtual, podcast & radio
in the press

publishers
contactbooks
biography
news & events
story calendar
off the page
publishers
contact






welcomefind happiness within the pages of an alexander mccall smith book'prescription for a soul that feels the world is too hard a place to bear…’ – smsa, sydney'we all know the range and breadth of alexander’s writing, not all of it comic but much of it so comic it keeps us afloat through dark times. [he] has an insatiable appetite for travel and new experiences and new vistas whether they are in africa, or india or indeed australia but also that kind of never-satisfied curiosity which is what a writer requires, one of the reasons why there is this extraordinary profusion of characters and places and set-ups…'  – james naughtie




 























and bertie is back…






scotland street makes a triumphant return to the scotsman newspaper
when you are with somebody you love the smallest, smallest things can be so important, so amusing because love transforms the world, everything. and was that what had happened?

alexander mccall smith, the right attitude to rain	we shall change all that...because it is possible to change the world, if one is determined enough, and if one sees with sufficient clarity just what has to be changed.

alexander mccall smith, the kalahari typing school for men	if your ceiling should fall down, then you have lost a room, but gained a courtyard. think of it that way.

alexander mccall smith, the right attitude to rain	people were forever digging up events that had taken place a long time ago. and what was the point in doing this if the effect was merely to poison the present?

alexander mccall smith, tears of the giraffe	
keep up to date with all the latest news
sign up to alexander's uk newsletterfor regular news about ams, updates on his books and occasionally giveaways. from time to time we may contact you with surveys so that we can get to know you better.the data controller is penguin random house. for more details about how we’ll protect and use your data read our privacy policy
you can unsubscribe from the ams newsletter at any time via the link in any email we send you.




terms & conditions	

privacy policy	website by crush digital          