




 


christian counselors of texas, inc. - home














log in



























remember me
forgot password













home




2025 conference page




about



about us




leadership team




terms & conditions







directory




chapters



austin chapter




central texas chapter




dallas south chapter




fort worth chapter




houston chapter




lubbock chapter




san antonio chapter




directory by chapter







connect



join us




contact us




local chapter meetings







bless



donate




chapter donations




don smith scholarship




service opportunities








 








click here for the 2025 conference page










network and develop relationships with christian professionals, ministers, and students who desire to support and encourage you. also, the counselor directory is a great referral source!

join nowmembership renewalcounselor directoryprayer request

“my goal is that they may be encouraged in heart and united in love.”  col. 2:2



local chapter meetings, the annual conferences, journal of applied christian counseling, quarterly newsletters, and connections with other counselors help you grow professionally, personally, and spiritually.

local chapter meetings

“speaking the truth in love, we will grow to become in every respect the mature body of him who is the head, that is, christ.”  eph. 4:15



bless and be blessed through service and giving.  blessings are reciprocal.  as you work to serve others, you are served.  as you encourage others, you are encouraged.  join us in serving to build a great organization!

don smith scholarshipservice opportunitiesdonatechapter donations

“a generous person will prosper; whoever refreshes others will be refreshed.”      prov. 11:25
 


for over 35 years christian counselors of texas, inc. (cct) has been supporting professional christian counselors and therapists, ministers, and students involved in the mental health community in texas. connect with other professionals, ministers, and students involved in the mental health profession in texas.as an association of independent mental health care providers, cct provides opportunities for continuing education, fellowship, and spiritual support for its members. cct also provides a publicly accessible professional members directory as a benefit for the general public. this directory may be used to locate licensed professionals who can integrate spiritual insights with professional therapy.

 
 

thanks to our partner sponsors 

 
 














 
we would also like to thank our conference exhibitors.




 
















connect with other christian professionals, ministers, and students extending hope and care throughout texas.join us today


are you looking for a counselor or therapist? search our directory to locate and contact one in your area.find a counselor


about us
leadership teamlocal chapter information
bylawsprivacy policy
 
copyright © 2013 christian counselors of texas, inc. all rights reserved unless otherwise stated.






















