
day & carter mortuary- bedford, in







can we assist you? we are available 24/7     |       call us: (812) 275-3389  |  price shop and preplan online













home




about us





our history




our staff




our facilities




map & directions




contact us







testimonials




pre-planning





make pre-arrangements and pay online now




about pre-planning







grief resources





10 facts about grief and grieving




understanding bereavement




the loss of a spouse




helping children cope with grief




the loss of a pet




grief after suicide




loss from a child’s perspective




how to help someone who is grieving




dealing with special days and holidays




grief resources




grief in the workplace







obituaries





obituaries & tributes




send flowers







facebook















view pricing/preplan onlinewe are proud to be the first funeral home in lawrence county to publish prices with full transparency online. you now have the opportunity to not only view prices of service packages, caskets, urns, vaults, and more but also plan your own funeral or cremation service with our e-funeral capability. no payment is necessary, but is an option for your family. call us if you have concerns or questions at 812-275-3389. simply click the link and follow through the guide to discover why more families call on day & carter for service than any other funeral home in lawrence county. make pre-arrangements and pay online now







recent services





current services
past services







        loading...
    







                        billy joe mcdonald
                    

thursday, february 13, 2025








                        debra j. davis
                    

tuesday, february 11, 2025








                        sheila marlene randolph
                    

monday, february 10, 2025








                        richard wayne spires
                    

monday, february 10, 2025








                        elizabeth ann long
                    

sunday, february 9, 2025








                        wilma lea wikle
                    

sunday, february 9, 2025



view all
receive notifications















welcome to day & carter mortuary



our staffleft to right: debbie richards, joe haworth, cooper holmes, matt taylor, brooke horner-hayes, olivia kelley


stay connectedlike and follow our facebook page to stay updated on what is happening with day & carter. we encourage you to engage with us through facebook, through various resources shared on our page, our involvement in our community, and the occasional contest and giveaways. 


make arrangements and pay online now


 





tour our facilities
we invite you to tour our facilities including our renovated lounge.> learn more


start pre-planning
pre-planning is simply a way of getting your wishes on file at a funeral home you trust. > learn more


testimonials
the families we serve are our greatest advocates. we encourage you to read the experiences that families have had using day & carter. > learn more















home   |   about us   |   testimonials   |   pre-need   |   obituaries   
    .
1133 lincoln avenue   |   bedford, indiana 47421   |   phone: (812) 275-3389   |   ​fax: (812) 275-7025   






admin login | website powered by funeraltech & ta | privacy policy | terms of use







