




 







home - homeward trails animal rescue | pet adoption in va, dc, md


















































skip to content
skip to content


menu



 










 


adopt dogs for adoption 
cats for adoption 
owned pets for rehoming 
apply to adopt 
pet adoption process ready to adopt? 
benefits to ht adopters 
why adopt a puppy from homeward trails 

manny law adoption center 
crumbs and whiskers partnership 

get involved foster our foster program 
foster faq 
pet foster forms 

volunteer youth volunteers 
peace out room 
tails out! 
trails home farm 


donate 
  menu about mission supporters 
our shelter and rescue partners 

staff join our team 

board of directors 
business partners 
statistics and financials 
trails home farm trails home farm airbnb 

contact us 

programs trails up 
pet partner program 
puppy parties 
homer’s helpers youth programs camp waggin’ tails 

request a speaker 

resources dog resources 
cat resources 
pet resources 
low-cost spay/neuter 
dc area vets 
dc area shelters 
financial assistance 
giving up a pet 
ht’s amazon associates store 

events event calendar- adoptions, trainings, community events 
host an event 
up close and pawsonal photo contest 
spaghetti bingo 
chili bingo 
pawjammin’ online auction 

donate donate monthly 
donate in memory or in honor 
donate a vehicle 
donate goods and services 
donate to the aurora martinolich d’amico medical fund 
shop, walk and search 
other ways to give 
become a trails home farm sponsor 
become an adoption center sponsor 
sponsor these shelter animals 
sponsor these medical needs 
gift acceptance policy 


 



close menu



























 

spaghetti bingo fundraiser!!											
our most popular event of the year!
get your tickets today and join us for a family-friendly night of fun at our spaghetti bingo fundraiser on one of two nights – march 15th or march 22rd. ticket prices include all-you-can-eat spaghetti, garlic bread, salad, soft drinks, desserts and 6 bingo cards.  

																											buy tickets now!												









 

incredible lifesaving opportunity!!											
homeward trails animal rescue and the penfed foundation are teaming up in an incredible partnership to save lives and help military families adopt, kicking off at a very dire time due to hurricane helene.
a generous $25,000 matching grant will allow homeward trails to waive adoption fees for approved military families! help us leverage the $25,000 as we seek to raise the $25,000 1:1 match. 

																											donate now												









 

up close and pawsonal photo contest!											
congratulations!
congratulations to our up close and pawsonal photo contest winners luna and tiger shemar! 









 

become a trails home farm sponsor											
in late 2023, homeward trails was gifted an amazing farm property in bucolic delaplane, va complete with working kennels for rescued animals, a home for visitors and 52 rolling green acres for our two and four-legged friends to enjoy.
we offer a variety of opportunities to support our rescue efforts and honor a loved one in your life or past, as well as for businesses to support or work. 

																											learn more												









 

come meet adoptable dogs & cats											
every weekend at the adoption center and meow palace!
we have adorable adoptable dogs and cats waiting to meet you every saturday and sunday from 10 am – 4 pm 
11116 fairfax station rd, fairfax station, va 22039. 

																											meet dogs & cats												

































help homeward trails animal rescue continue to make an impact! 

 












placed pups!















forever felines!















happy homes!










 








things you need to know… 












 

 

 

incredible lifesaving opportunity!!

homeward trails animal rescue and the penfed foundation are teaming up in an incredible partnership to save lives and help military families […]

more








 

 

 

volunteer/donate for chili bingo – october 11 & 12

it’s time to prepare for our annual chili bingo fundraiser! the awesome fun happens on october 12 and there are lots of […]

more








 

 

 

adoption counselor training –  september 4

looking to do something fun and rewarding on the weekend? join us for a virtual adoption counselor training session. once training is […]

more
















 



















 





                    shameless... we know.             

                    but there are tons of ways you can help!             









                                                donate today!                                        





















featured pets 

 





this month's dog 



 





leela


leela absolutely loves to play fetch and is amazing at it. if fetch was an olympic sport, you would want her on your team! she will be by your side in so many fun activities from playing in the water to hiking up a mountain; she is the sporty sidekick you’ve been looking for. need some cuddle time? she will snuggle up right beside you for movie night.
follow leela on her own instagram page: @leelatheshelterdog 







                                                learn more                                        







this month's cat 



 





splotch


splotch loves to play with toys and his brother, smear. he’s sure to keep you entertained with his flips for toys and chase play. it’s no wonder, this boy is all legs! 







                                                learn more                                        











 





















 





                    drive change.             

                    donate a vehicle today!            






    donate your car, truck, motorcycle, rv, or boat to homeward trails! you may qualify for a tax deduction while supporting a cause that is near and dear to your heart… we’ll even pick it up at no cost to you!

cars (charitable adult rides & services) is a 501(c)(3) 





                                                learn more                                        











 














more news from the trail!

clear the shelters adoption weekend – august 31 and september 1
reduced and waived adoption fees! join homeward trails as we participate in nbcuniversal local’s 10th annual clear the shelters nationwide pet adoption event.  help us clear the adoption center and our foster homes august 31 and september 1 – many of our adoptable cats and dogs will have reduced fee and fee waived adoptions.  homeward trails manny law adoption center 11116 fairfax station rd. fairfax station, va 22039 saturday, august 31 10 am – 4 pm  sunday, september 1 10 am – 4 pm our nation’s animal shelters are facing a capacity crisis and need your help now to get pets from shelter kennels into the couches of loving homes! since its 2015 inception, clear the shelters has led to more than one million pet adoptions and raised more than $4.5 million. the 2023 campaign resulted in more than 158,000 adoptions – lifting the all-time adoption total past one million – and raised over $575,000. learn more
helping happy hounds – fee waived hound adoptions
as you may or may not know, virginia animal shelters are filled with hounds. these amazing dogs are most often discarded by callous hunters, found starving wandering the countryside. many never make it as hunters and are then tied up to chains or left along the side of the road like old furniture. a good number of them do not make it out of shelters alive.but these dogs – like all dogs – are amazing and worthy of families. we just cannot get them families fast enough to stop them from dying in our shelters when there is no more space.and so we are trying something new here. all hound dogs adopted from homeward trails will be free. yes, we are waiving adoption fees for hounds for the foreseeable future.we hope that will entice well-matched applicants to consider a hound now. use the money you save on training, treats, toys.we think all dogs are worthy. but the reality is that some take extra incentives. some have more barriers to getting adopted. and the result is well, more end up dying. and no – this does not mean we are just giving dogs away. all applicants will still go through our application/screening process to ensure good homes. this is just us trying to save more dogs by eliminating one more barrier to adoption. and hey, hound lovers can use all the extra money they can get to buy treats, right?help us help these hounds. our program helping happy hounds is live now. let’s save some lives! learn more
our current supply needs – can you help?
each year homeward trail spends thousands and thousands of dollars on supplies to care for our animals and support the general operations of our organization. we always strive to keep our costs as low as possible so that we can spend every extra dollar saving more lives.  one simple way you can help is by donating these supplies – everything from postage stamps, to cleaning supplies, to ink cartridges and paper, to dog and cat food and litter. our wish lists are updated regularly so you can always find our most current needs. please consider donating supplies to help us cover the cost of these items. the more we are able to get donated, the more animals we can help. thank you! adoption center wishlist meow palace wishlist dog enrichment wishlist trails home farm wishlist farmhouse wishlist trails up wishlist  puerto rico wishlist learn more




more news from the trail!

clear the shelters adoption weekend – august 31 and september 1
reduced and waived adoption fees! join homeward trails as we participate in nbcuniversal local’s 10th annual clear the shelters nationwide pet adoption event.  help us clear the adoption center and our foster homes august 31 and september 1 – many of our adoptable cats and dogs will have reduced fee and fee waived adoptions.  homeward trails manny law adoption center 11116 fairfax station rd. fairfax station, va 22039 saturday, august 31 10 am – 4 pm  sunday, september 1 10 am – 4 pm our nation’s animal shelters are facing a capacity crisis and need your help now to get pets from shelter kennels into the couches of loving homes! since its 2015 inception, clear the shelters has led to more than one million pet adoptions and raised more than $4.5 million. the 2023 campaign resulted in more than 158,000 adoptions – lifting the all-time adoption total past one million – and raised over $575,000. learn more








 
















back to top



 












adopt
foster
donate
volunteer 

events
programs
buy ht merch 

resources
pet behavior & health
low-cost spay/neuter
dc area vets
financial assistance
rehoming a pet 

contact us
newsletter sign up
volunteer login

 



 



 

 







© homeward trails animal rescue | pet adoption in va, dc, md 2025privacy policy 







 

















 

 

