
































































rapid city journal | breaking news | | read rapid city, sd and south dakota breaking news. get latest news, events and information on south dakota sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    




(1) closing notifications
            





×
 closing notifications






location
type
date
time



oglala lakota county school district
closed
02/18/2025
all day


























-11°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



wildfires



crime



business



education



politics



state



nation & world



podcasts



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorials



columnists



cartoons




sports


high school



college



professional



great outdoors



rapid city rush




lifestyles


arts and theatre



movies & tv



music



event calendar



games



contests



comics



play



food & cooking



home & garden



health



get healthy



parenting



fashion



people



pets



travel



announcements



submit announcement




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



contests


brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives



special sections




our publications


chadron record




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



cars



marketplace



public notices



shop local



i love a deal




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy














































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




















                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

sports

opinion

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

wildfires









-11°
cloudy
























        
        
            douglas high school donates toys and stuffed animals to monument health

"they're committed to helping": douglas high school donates toys and stuffed animals to monument health 

















        
        
            raiders, ranchers continue ascent in latest prep polls; mahpíya lúta still no. 1

in the latest prep polls, lyman rose to no. 2 and harding county bumped up to no. 3 in class b. the mahpíya lúta girls are still atop class a.

















        
        
            rhoden announces mount rushmore fireworks confirmed

the governor's office said rhoden and secretary of the interior doug burgum agreed on a show for the celebration of america’s 250th birthday.

















        
        
            lakota woman announces run for spearfish city council following comprehensive plan debate

the candidate spoke in favor of protecting portions of the spearfish's new comprehensive plan involving the treatment of indigenous people and the area's indigenous history in january.

















        
        
            property tax bills finally get a hearing | tim goodwin

greetings! week five down. we got a 4-day weekend which was great. i got back to god’s country. i spent saturday, feb. 15, at crackerbarrels in rapid city and then in hot springs. i really enjoy seeing old friends and meeting new ones at these events.attendance at both events was great with …

















        
        
            severson named suzie cappa art center artist of the year

an open house reception to honor artist of the year paige severson will be from 5 to 7 p.m. thursday, feb. 20, at the suzie cappa art center and gallery in rapid city.

















        
        
            your two cents for february 17

when the rapid city council requires a church to get permission to do ministry (a warming shelter) then denies the request, they restrict the right of citizens to practice their religion as they choose.  this first amendment right is so central to our democracy because the mission of the chu…










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness





                
                the latest



















        
        
            february 17 recap: rapid city news you may have missed today

get a quick digest of today's top local news stories from rapid city journal. 












        
        
            belle fourche welcomes young learners

kindergarten roundup in belle fourche for the 2025-26 school year will be held friday, april 4, at north park school from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m. any child who is 5 years old or will be by sept. 1, 2025 is eligible for kindergarten. 





















        
        
            rapid city neighbors: obituaries for february 17

read through the obituaries published today in rapid city journal. 





















        
        
            rapid city neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in rapid city journal. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            rapid city presidents day protest




















        
        
            russia, u.s. to hold talks on ending ukraine war as kyiv presses for inclusion




















        
        
            emergency teams respond to overturned plane in toronto




















        
        
            2025 nba all-star game issues: players and fans react












                
                sports
                
                    



















        
        
            photos: rapid city stevens duels with sioux falls jefferson

the rapid city stevens basketball teams brought in sioux falls jefferson for a doubleheader, held on saturday, jan. 11, at the carold heier gymnasium. 




















        
        
            jaxson dart ends his ole miss career with 4 td passes and a 52-20 romp over duke in the gator bowl

jacksonville, fla. — jaxson dart's final college pass was a 69-yard touchdown that got him chewed out by coach lane kiffin on the sideline.




















        
        
            hunter and haggerty lead no. 21 memphis to 90-62 win at florida atlantic

boca raton, fla. — tyrese hunter scored 20 points and pj haggerty added 19 as no. 21 memphis beat florida atlantic 90-62 on thursday night in the american athletic conference opener for both teams.




















        
        
            saturday's bowl games

orlando, fla. — it was a season of iowa state comebacks. and fittingly, that’s how it ended for the cyclones.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            5 takeaways from the cities with the best budgeting populations | pennywise podcast

in this  episode of pennywise, host nat cardona and wallethub's milvionne chery copeland explore the dynamics of budgeting across various cities in the u.s. 





















        
        
            'snl' celebrates 50 years; pope recovering from infection | hot off the wire podcast

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            dr. barton goldsmith: changing your environment can change your mood

a change of place can do wonders for your mood. when we are in an environment that makes us feel safe and good about our lives, it is much easier to find the peace of mind that we have within ourselves.




















        
        
            go away with ... gavin rossdale

gavin rossdale is the lead singer and songwriter for the british grunge rock band bush and an occasional actor (“the trainer,” “constantine”). he’s also the host of his own vizio watchfree+ cooking show, “dinner with gavin rossdale,” where he has conversations with guests like serena williams, brooke shields, selma blair, common and sir tom jones over meals that he prepares for them. “the challenge of this show wasn’t getting it distributed,” rossdale said in a zoom interview from his los angeles home. “it was finding the right people. everyone is assuming i was already friends with them and that’s not necessarily true. there had to be an element of risk for everyone. the food could suck. i could be dull. we could have no chemistry and have nothing to say to each other. instead, it was really inspiring to learn from all these separate individuals who've achieved so much.” for more information on bush’s concert tour, check out their website at https://bushofficial.com/tour.




















        
        
            rick steves’ europe: germany’s popular rothenburg keeps its medieval charm alive

as a young backpacker, i fell in love with the picturesque village of rothenburg, in germany’s franconian heartland. at that time, the town still fed a few farm animals within its medieval walls. today its barns are hotels, its livestock are tourists, and rothenburg is well on its way to becoming a medieval theme park.

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









contributor








        
        
            8 corporate leaders explain how to prepare your business for tax season

contributor content. learn how to best prepare for tax season with advice from business experts. 












sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












sponsored








        
        
            beyond valentine’s day: top 8 ways to celebrate your significant other all month

content by liv hospitality. embrace the month of love in full force with extra quality time with your special someone.












sponsored








        
        
            how to keep your new year’s resolutions in 2025 when traveling

content by liv hospitality. whether you have your sights set on healthy eating, staying active or improving your sleep habits, don’t let your goals fall by the wayside when life gets busy.
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd topicals for potential relaxation and wellness

affiliate content. find the best cbd topicals to help you relax and rejuvenate. 




















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            kieffer sanitation



                                        po box 2754, rapid city, sd 57709
                                    




















        
        
            h and l properties



                                        p.o. box 1095, rapid city, sd 57709
                                    






















        
        
            black hills community economic development



                                        730 e. watertown, rapid city, sd 57701
                                    







































×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





pinterest





instagram









sites & partners


chadron record

northern hills

elevate magazine

get healthy




services


become a member

contact us

place an ad

activate full access

email updates

become a carrier

dealer returns

work here

licensing

curated commerce






                        © copyright 2025
                        rapid city journal, 507 main street rapid city, sd 57701
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alert

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe

























