bill taute homes               






+1-512-940-0666
 menuhomeaboutserviceshome remodelinghome additionscustom adu homescustom barn buildskitchen remodelingbathroom remodelingphoto gallerytestimonialscontact

















building modern homes in austin, tx neighborhoods





austin's premiernew home builder and remodelerwhen your home is built by bill taute, it’s constructed with a history of knowledge and experience, ensuring that your needs are met completely. standard features abound, with such preferred brands as jenair, corian, kohler and lennox. carefully designed floor plans are filled with state-of-the-art technology, all the while remaining true to each owner’s unique vision. have a look around and see why bill taute is the premier new home builder and remodeler in austin.proudly serving austin, texas bill taute homes is your trusted partner for premium home remodeling, additions, and custom builds in the austin area. we specialize in transforming spaces with precision craftsmanship, delivering tailored solutions that enhance both functionality and aesthetics.austin home remodelingrevitalize your living space with our expert home remodeling services, tailored specifically to austin's unique style and needs. we enhance your home with thoughtful designs that reflect your vision.
austin home remodelingaustin home additionsexpand your home with seamless additions that blend with your existing architecture. whether in austin or the surrounding areas, we provide quality craftsmanship for every project.
austin home additionsaustin adu homescreate additional living spaces with our custom adu (accessory dwelling unit) homes. designed to suit your property, our adus are perfect for guest houses, rental units, or extended family spaces in austin.
austin adu homesbarn builds in austinbuild your dream barn with our custom barn building services, available throughout austin. whether for storage, livestock, or events, our barns are crafted to meet your exact specifications.
austin barn buildskitchen remodeling in austintransform your kitchen into a culinary masterpiece with our remodeling services, focused on blending modern convenience with timeless design, tailored to austin homes.
austin kitchen remodelingbathroom remodeling in austinupgrade your bathroom with our remodeling services that offer luxury, comfort, and style, specifically designed for austin's distinctive aesthetic.
austin bathroom remodelingtestimonialsas an architect, i'm always on the lookout for general contractors who do quality work at reasonable prices. bill and i have worked on 5-6 projects over the last decade plus. the scope has ranged from spec houses through home remodels and large custom homes. bill and his crew have exhibited a consistently high standard of workmanship and have always treated our mutual clients in a courteous and professional manner. 
i would wholeheartedly recommend bill to anyone contemplating  residential scale project. 
ben obregoni've worked with bill several times, and have always found him to be a true professional. he's a good communicator, and he does what he says he'll do. he brings an extensive knowledge of construction techniques and materials, including a great deal of attention to up-to-date green building techniques. bill is also excellent at staying within a budget, and this is a skill not to be undervalued! highly recommended.
glen chappellafter a neighbor's vehicle broke through the wall of my house, i was very concerned that the restoration not be obvious, especially with regard to the outside masonry since the home is 10 yrs. old, and that the quality inside and outside be good. bill taute did an excellent job, and the pattern and color of the masonry was matched so well that the repair is not at all detectable. the interior was also completely restored in an excellent manner. the subcontractors always showed up as scheduled. 

bill was great to work with, always explained was was going to be done, and made what started out as a very unnerving experience much less stressful.
laurai contracted with bill taute to build an upscale open barn on my property using higher end materials.  in addition to the structure, the job included installing a slab and roadway and limestone retaining walls.  he helped me come up with a good design and completed the job in a very reasonable time frame considering its distance outside of austin.
don barrbill, his crew and sub-contractors were all very professional, friendly  and thorough throughout the entire project which was completed in a timely manner.  our home was left clean and organized each day, as well as, at the end of the project.  we will be using bill taute again for the rest our home renovations.
debbie portillowork done on a 5 unit condo complex: repair 2 chimneys and replace 1 fireplace including inside sheetrock work.  repair roof around chimneys and several other locations including flashing.  repaint the entire complex.
m. gillean






contact info bill taute homes
 2152 sage creek loop austin, texas 78704

 phone: (512) 940-0666

 email: bill.taute@gmail.com
linkshomeaboutcontactsocial media


















bill taute homes © 2025
hosted & managed by az web design studios
    

