


tarot forum: 100,000+ discussions on tarot cards and tarot reading


































tarot reviews  
			tarot meanings  
		
            




free guide




discover the essential tarot spreads for the answers you need!



download now












shop
tarot reviews
tarot meanings
free readings














free guide




discover the essential tarot spreads for the answers you need!



download now








tarot forum
100,000+ discussions on tarot cards
 welcome to the archive of the original and largest tarot bulletin board community online, the aeclectic tarot forum. home to conversations on every aspect imaginable of reading and using tarot cards.


today's featured thread

court cards: why do we need them?
fascinating conversation on the difficulty of reading court cards - and why they are actually useful! read more >>



most popular tarot card forums

using tarot cards forum
conversations on the card meanings and symbolism, and the many ways of reading tarot cards.

 epiphany! a new take on the major arcana
 what cards have you had for certain events?
 interesting tarot pairs
 my yes/no cards
 nisaba's timing method 

total threads: 18,000 total posts: 214,780read all forum discussions >>



talking tarot forum 
wide ranging discussions of influences, myths, questions and concerns from the personal to professional.

     list of tarot myths
     can tarot be dangerous? a very serious question
    can tarot really foretell the future?
    list of tarot questions

 threads: 17,154 posts: 348,914 read all forum discussions >>



tarot spreads forum
your original and favourite tarot spreads.

 barleywine's spread index
 glass owl's spreads
 tarot spreads index

threads: 5,074 posts: 31,354 read all forum discussions >>



tarot decks forum
opinions of the thousands of different types and styles of tarot decks.

  if for the last time you're to suggest only one deck to all aters, what would it be?
 what would you say is the scariest/creepiest tarot deck?
 your most unreadable deck
 your favorite underrated deck 

threads: 13,991 posts: 352,852 read all forum discussions >>



tarot deck creation forum
processes and ideas for making your own set of tarot cards.

 if i had only known when i started this deck that...
 tarot art commission as work made for hire
 what is so special about linen cardstock?

 threads: 2,252 posts: 58,761 read all forum discussions >> 



tarot books forum
other tarot publications... books, calendars, software, apps and websites.

 tarot in film
 tarot and psychology
 tarot-themed music

threads: 2,532 posts: 30,187 read all forum discussions >> 



special interest tarot forums

marseilles & other early decks 
the symbolism of marseilles, visconti and other pre-1910 tarot decks, and how to read with them.

 reading methods - marseilles and other historical decks
 reading pips: the pips-as-trumps method
 marseilles individual card discussions

threads: 1,670 posts: 32,023 read all forum discussions >> 



rider-waite-smith tarot 
study of the symbolism and detail of the original rider-waite tarot.

 moon crescent under high priestess foot, why?
 panels on magician's table edge
 symbol in the devil's hand

threads: 1,263 posts: 19,756 read all forum discussions >>



thoth tarot 
aleister crowley's and lady frieda harris's thoth tarot.

 why is the thoth deck so popular?
 the path of the emperor
 i read rws, should i ignore thoth meanings

threads: 981 posts: 16,979 read all forum discussions >>



tarot history & development forums 
research, theories and discussions of the origins, myths, influences and development of tarot and playing cards.

 studying tarot history.... where to start/what to read
 is there a canonical non-woowoo history of the tarot?
 earliest playing cards

threads: 981 posts: 16,979 read all forum discussions >>



tarot study group forums 
intensive card-by-card studies of specific tarot decks, and tarot books.

 fey tarot
 gothic tarot
 druidcraft tarot

 threads: 7,708 posts: 47,309 read all forum discussions >>



beyond tarot forums

lenormand forum 
discussion of lenormand decks, individual cards and card groupings.
 threads: 1,642 posts: 43,246 read all forum discussions >>



oracle decks forum 
discussion of oracle or divination decks.
 threads: 2,891 posts: 35,614 read all forum discussions >>



divination forum 
non-card divination methods, including runes, numerology, i ching, palmistry, dream interpretations, and more.
 threads: 5,979 posts: 76,468 read all forum discussions >>



all kinds of readings discussion forums

tarot readings forum 
tarot readings posted for help or discussion.
  threads: 46,421 posts: 324,047 read all forum discussions >>



oracle readings forum 
oracle deck readings posted for advice and interpretations.
  threads: 4,109 posts: 86,007 read all forum discussions >>



lenormand readings forum
lenormand readings shared for help and interpretations.
 threads: 2,336 posts: 54,623 read all forum discussions >>










free reference guide to every tarot card, both upright & reversed!
enter your email below & get the tarot card meanings cheatsheet free!










improve your tarot readings


the essential guide to tarot card meanings
the complete tarot spreads collection
preparing for the perfect tarot reading





discover more on aeclectic tarot



the aeclectic tarot forum is home to 100,000+ discussions on every aspect of tarot cards and tarot reading. the community was active for 17 years, and is maintained as an archive for tarot lovers like you to enjoy. 


aeclectic tarot home
tarot deck reviews
list all decks
decks by theme
decks by style
decks by publisher


popular decks
beginner decks
dark & gothic decks
angel decks
oracle decks
best tarot decks


tarot forum
tarot books
tarot card meanings
free tarot readings





aeclectic tarot is a participant in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com. as an amazon associate, i earn from qualifying purchases - and you help to support us!
copyright © 1996 - 2024 aeclectic tarot. all rights reserved. privacy policy & disclaimer. contact us. about aeclectic. about our reviewers. new reviews.
            
            
            












