        custom 1950’s, 50’s retro diner furniture – retro restaurant diner booths home       
  
304-728-0547
1-833-888-2748
 customerservice@barsandbooths.com 


customerservice@barsandbooths.com1-833-888-2748 || 304-728-0547


 enquiry now 
×contact form demofirst namelast namephoneemailproduct you are interested in zipcitysubmit form  select menuselect menuhomeabout uscompany historyfeatured on tvfeatured articlesdesign servicescustom furniturestaffblogpolicies & proceduresaccessorieslazy susanscrosley full size bluetooth jukeboxbarsbars for your homebars for your businesscredenzasupholstered barsbackbarscustom bar optionscustomersresidentialcommercialinstitutionaltestimonialsretro furnitureassembly instructionsstool assemblytable base assemblybooth assemblyspace requirementsretro dinettesfamily diningleaf tablesretro cafe seatingpub table setslaminatesdiner boothschildrens boothsdiner booth setslogo diner boothsmodular kemp boothsquarter, half and three-quarter boothsl shaped diner boothscustom retro boothspopular dinette setsvinylsyardage requirementsspecial dealsbar stoolsbarschairsmetal bandingtable basestablesretro kitchen ideasclearance salecontact us

select page


call 304-728-0547 or  email us  to place your orderwe specialize in the retro look we carry the largest selection of retro furniture and home bars found anywhere.shop retro furniture
black friday banner - bars and booths usaholiday sale - bars and booths usaholiday sale 2 - bars and booths usa


  click here 



  click here   

click here


click hereour furniture is desgined for the most rigorous restaurant use, but it is also ideal for the homeowner who is looking for top quality. our customer service and quality of merchandise is second to none. if you are looking for high quality furniture and products with outstanding customer service then you found the right store.give us a call or email us and let us help you design your ultimate retro room!we have had to shut down our spacious showroom. in the interim, we have established a smaller showroom within our manufacturing facility, trying to keep our overhead costs lower to overcome our material costs, which are of the highest quality. we are sorry to deprive our wonderful customers of the opportunity to touch and feel our incredible furniture in a 4,000-square-foot showroom, but this was not of our choosing. we have all had to make sacrifices as the price of things has gone through the roof. we thank you for your understanding. in this time of crisis for our country, barsandbooths products are designed and manufactured in the usa. this means so much to us and hopefully to our outstanding customers, and we thank you all for your loyalty. ***due to fluctuating material availability all ship dates are estimated only****thanks for bearing with us*



weekly featured customertravis’ tcb booth
read morelee’s game room
read morecody’s custom barstools
read moreeileens kitchen
read morecody’s l shape booth
read more  retrofurniture
shop furniturecustomretro bars
shop bars


click here

click herefeatured customersresidentialpeter’s officeread moretravis’ tcb boothread moreheather byerread moreamys kitchenread morekatie’s kitchen nookread morehistory museum on the squareread morelee’s game roomread morepalmerino barread morelinda’s new kitchenread morejane’s beloved gingerread morecommercialdan mcginnread moreindiana health group (ihg) dinerread moreeats365, inc. – nra show® 2017read morebrenna’s doggie cookie barread morejakks pacific trade show – ny, nyread moregrandma’s diner – charles town, wvread moresaudi arabia pizza restaurantread moreriviera country club – pacific palisades, caread moredelivery chefread morebulldog drive in – sweeny, txread moreinstitutionalsunrise senior livingread morebluebird retirement center – london, ohread moreecpi universityread morelifeway baptist church – cuero, txread morefilton college refectory – bristol, united kingdomread morelifeway baptist church – cuero, texasread morehavenwood nursing home, milwaukee, wiread morecalvary temple – worthington, west virginiaread morecadillac cafe – woburn boys and girls clubread morehood college, frederick mdread morewhat our clients say cody shoemakecody pulled one seat style, married with a different frame style, to create these beauties for his dive bar shirt club in key west. our customers are the ones who create these one of a kind products, so our thanks to cody’s creativity. great picture, and we all can’t wait to visit your business in key west!cody shoemakeheidi bitwamazing retro place! locally made retro furniture, original coke machines, retro appliances. great place to fill out a mancave/ basement/fun room!heidi bitwchris eddyamazing showroom and products. the staff was very friendly and helpful. i will be purchasing more soon!chris eddymary banksowner g.w., and the ladies that are staff, all very nice people.  cool retroactive furniture and more.  near good restaurants, and local gas stationsmary banksjason reucasseli have just imported a vintage coke vending machine into the uk from bars and booths.  i have been amazed at the quality of the customer service and the product/packaging is fantastic as well. gw has been nothing honest and helpful all the way along and made the process so much easier for me.if i ever decide to do anything like this again i would only use this great company.jason reucasselmike sylvesterjust had a counter top done for my 1953 victor coke cooler. i can’t even express how great it turned out. it was a special made to order counter. barbara and her staff went above and beyond to make it a one of a kind. if your looking for a special retro bar look no further. this is the place to go. thanks barb for everything. will send pictures of the cooler when it is all done. thanks again! mike smike sylvesterour blog
dan mcginn custom furniture projectdan mcginn's custom retro diner dan is a well-known figure in jefferson county, wv, having lived and worked here forever!  dan approached barsandbooths to see if we could provide our custom services as he wanted to build a commercial project to not only house his...read more
hot retro furniture trends and tipsretro furniture describes furniture from the mid-twentieth century. the 50s, 60s, and 70s had such bold, sleek, and ubiquitous furniture designs linked to the pop culture. in this era, famous furniture designers such as charles and ray eames, jean prouve and paul...read more
design options from barsandbooths.comlooking for ideas for decorating with retro furniture? right now, we have multiple sales going on. you can find some awesome sales with over 50% off on our clearance page. new items are being added regularly! you can also “like” and “follow” our facebook page. you...read more
vintage or retro?it is well known that various fashions from the past come back into the spotlight nowadays and it's more alluring attributes are being exploited. a vintage item to an individual has a whole different meaning to other people. there are many people who live in these...read more
the life & times of bars and boothsfor the last 20+ years, bars and booths has been helping customers to customize home bars and also build re-models and new construction for custom café diners, bars and restaurants. we have worked in areas as small as 8’ x 10’ and as large as 20,000 sq. ft.  our...read more
could your break room use a facelift? seating, vending machines and more!have you ever given any thought to the importance of an employee break room and how beneficial it is to your employees?  right now it is estimated that only 18% of businesses have a dedicated break room. if you have been thinking about adding a break room to your...read morebarsandbooths.com has been awarded “best of houzz” for customer satisfaction by houzz, the leading platform for home remodeling and design. as a leader in the retro furniture industry, barsandbooths.com was chosen by the more than 35 million monthly users that comprise the houzz community. customer service honors are based on several factors, including the number and quality of recent client reviews.company historyretro furniturecustomerscontact usretro chairsretro bar stoolsretro dinettesdiner booths1625 winchester ave, martinsburg, wv  25405 | local: (304)728-0547 | toll free: 1-833-888-2748 
© 1999 – 2024 barsandbooths.com | all rights reserved. 
back in time warehouse (bitw.com) is no longer affiliated with barsandbooths.com
                     




