





















salernos restaurant & catering, steamed crab restaurant maryland caterer, seafood restaurant open for lunch, dinner, beer, carryout and nationwide delivery of maryland steamed crabs and seafood. off premise catering, party trays, crab feasts, bull & oyster roasts and golf outing packages available




















































salerno’s
restaurant & catering




(410) 795-8400
1043 liberty rd eldersburg, md 21784










toggle navigation

navigation










home
restaurant

hours & directions
menu
order online
current crab prices
weekly specials
cash coupons
news / updates
fundraising
local businesses
mail order
gift cards


catering

casual catering menus
formal catering menus
trays, platters & more
equipment rental
offsite locations
testimonials
photo gallery
information request


employment
order online
contact us























salerno's restaurant & catering facebook



restaurant
catering & platters
order online



salerno's restaurant & catering is one of the finest seafood and catering businesses in the chesapeake bay area. our aim is to bring you the finest, freshest meals at a good price whether it be a crab and bull roast for 300 people or just a few guests at your house for the weekend.
at salerno's, you get down home goodness from the "land of pleasant living". this website will give you an insight into our company and let you order the finest seafood from the chesapeake bay no matter what part of the world you come from. you can also visit our catering section and pick out a menu for your next party, luncheon or reception.

enjoy!



google review by david:
salerno's is my family's go-to when we can't decide where to go. they have a wide selection of sandwiches, pasta, pizza, and seafood. i have tried more than half of their menu and it's all good! the service is always personal and polite. family friendly environment, with a bar next door for date nights. i highly recommend this restaurant.



salerno's restaurant in eldersburg, maryland offers a full lunch and dinner menu, bar and carryout, while salerno's catering provides off-premise catering including steamed crab feasts, shrimp feasts, oyster roasts, pit beef cookouts and more for golf outings, weddings, holiday parties, picnics, reunions and catered events at your place or ours throughout maryland including carroll county, howard county, frederick county, baltimore county, harford county, washington county, anne arundel county, montgomery county, prince georges county, charles county and maryland's eastern shore.




















join 
our email list for 
weekly specials & coupons
for email marketing you can trust.










 
hosting, maintenance and internet marketing by countywebsitedesign.com



cwr0721



