


featuring purifiers - filters - air cleaners - for indoor pollution control
















   


 lightning
  air purifiers


 replacement
  plates


viewcart/check out












home



purifiers



cleaners



filters



purifan



proper use



replacement filters 





          ionic air purifiers
 



hepa filters


 
 



testimonials 





          also see>>>
space
          heaters 


 
 



customer service 



view cart 



check out



    
    051311     





           
              air purifiers, filters
            and cleaners - 
            casual use to germ killing strength at discount prices!
"the #1 pollution problem in america is indoor air pollution"

u.s.
            epa 

replacement plates 
(comparable & compatible to alpine air & living air
              purifiers replacement plates)

              space heaters
              









ionic
              & ozone air purifier
 in one systemwas $455
              now $350
breathe
              easier with a
              lightningair plus purifier




learn
                    more



no
                  installation - simply plug in
purifies up to 3,500 sq. ft.
portable - move from room to
                  room
reduces: odors, bacteria,
                  mildew, mold & more!
la-2spx
                  model now has added hepa filtration
industrial model also available
                  - la3ic-3
                    learn
                  more












nature's
          air purifier
 just
        like mother nature, our nature's air cleaners generates negative ions,  cleans the air
        of dust, mold, and other pollutants. 


lightning
        air purifier
 significantly reduces dust, pollen,
        molds,  cat & dog dander, odors, and more from inside the home or office for
        fresher, cleaner air. 



replacement plates 
(comparable & compatible to alpine air & living air
              purifiers replacement plates)
               


reduces many indoor pollutants for cleaner
        air - up to 3500 sq. feet. 

significantly reduces
        dust, airborne particles, and odors from pets, cooking and tobacco...get rid of strong
        odors from unoccupied spaces in a short period of time. 

quality is paying attention
         to details! 

ion and ozone generation in one unit. get rid of particulates and chemical
        odors forever.
        











        read how air purifiers with uv lamps can help prevent the flu, colds and more.
(opens new window)
la2
      lightningair plus model la-2spx on sale! only
      $350 was $455 
compare to the alpine
        air purifiers and other ion / ozone generators?  click
        here 


larger room units
        are recommended 
        by consumer reports
"the best type
        of residential filtration systems is the larger, yet portable, devices designed to remove
        pollutants in a specific size room. due to their larger and more effective filters or
        collecting plates, these larger portable air purifiers are considerably more effective in
        removing pollutants in a room than the table top units (consumer reports, 1992; fox, 1994)
        and have become increasingly popular in the past several years"


for clean, fresh, healthy air... choose from one of the many choices of air purifiers and cleaners!




facts on second hand
        smoke. secondhand smoke has been classified as a group a carcinogen by the u.s.
        environmental protection agency (epa), a rating used only for substances proven to cause
        cancer in humans. a study conducted in 1992 by the epa concluded that each year
        approximately 3,000 lung cancer deaths in nonsmoking adults are attributable to
          ets.
        exposure to secondhand smoke also causes eye, nose, and throat irritation. it may affect
        the cardiovascular system and some studies have linked exposure to secondhand smoke with
        the onset of chest pain. ets is an even greater health threat to people who already have
        heart and lung illnesses.
see our complete line of air purifiers to help with second
        hand smoke.
infants and young children whose parents smoke in their presence are at increased risk
        of lower respiratory tract infections (pneumonia and bronchitis) and are more likely to
        have symptoms of respiratory irritation like coughing, wheezing, and excess phlegm. in
        children under 18 months of age, passive smoking causes between 150,000 and 300,000 lower
        respiratory tract infections, resulting in 7,500 to 15,000 hospitalizations each year,
        according to epa estimates. these children may also have a buildup of fluid in the middle
        ear, which can lead to ear infections. slightly reduced lung function may occur in older
        children who have been exposed to secondhand smoke. 
children with asthma are especially at risk from ets. the epa estimates that exposure
        to ets increases the number of asthma episodes and the severity of symptoms in 200,000 to
        1 million children annually. secondhand smoke may also cause thousands of non-asthmatic
        children to develop the disease each year. 








032108 index.html





    
            00111110     

 lightningair cleaners

 
                                                                                     
 

                                                                             
    
                                                                    
call us:
    (855) 855-1976    
send email 
home
    | proper use of air filters  | view cart 
    | check out 
    | customer service  | return policy
    | link partners 

 asthma
    | lightningair cleaners  | asthma treatments    allergy control products  | dust
    | dust mites  |           
    second hand
    smoke  | air cleaner comparison 
    | pollution control products 
allergy | air purification systems  | hepa air filters  |  ozone generators  | multiple
    chemical sensitivity  | air pollution secondhand smoke  | air
    purification  | black mold  | mold and mildew  | air
    cleaners  | air filters  | air purifiers 

    air purifiers & cleaners - © 2015  


         







