














 
































 



























log innew dealer? create account













shop by brand


shop by product 

 
 

close


sale


specials


new at bhc


clearance & other


airguns


ammunition & reloading


ammunition & reloading

ammunition


reloading


reloading accessories




archery & accessories


black powder accessories


firearm maintenance & parts


firearm maintenance & parts

barrels


gun cleaning


magazines




firearms


firearms

actions & barreled actions


black powder


pistols


revolvers


rifles & lower receivers


short barreled rifles


short barreled shotguns


shotguns




hunting gear


hunting gear

cases & holsters


clothing


decoys


hunting accessories


hunting electronics


scents & calls




knives & multi-tools


optics & accessories


optics & accessories

optic accessories


optics




safes


suppressors








order pad
register
log in



my account 

account home
change password
view open orders
view item history
create/view wish lists
view saved orders
view/pay open invoices
view paid invoices
address book



find a dealer





find a dealer







 





 search for:goquick order entryorder paditem:goview account
 log in 








a leading wholesale sporting goods distributor
we specialize in the hunting and shooting sports industry.


































 







 







 







 







 







 








previous



next









product specialsarrow_forward
dealer specials updated weekly




exclusivesarrow_forward
dealer exclusive items





become a dealer
apply today










brands
view all










































































































































































































































































the bhc competitive edge



                           family owned and operated
                           
family owned and operated since 1969, we know that relationships matter. we're committed to nurturing positive long-term relationships with our manufacturers, our employees, and with you, our dealers. we want to partner with you to help your business grow and thrive.





                           unparalleled service & support
                           
our knowledgeable sales representatives can help you find the products you need and walk you through the order process. many of our reps are hunting and shooting sports enthusiasts who can recommend shooting sports products and accessories from an end user perspective. once your order is placed, our customer service representatives are available to help ensure a smooth transaction from start to finish.





                           extensive and exclusive product offering
                           
as one of the largest wholesale sporting goods distributors in the nation, we carry more than 30,000 products representing over 300 well known and respected manufacturers. if it's at the forefront of the latest and greatest products that the industry has to offer, we can obtain if for you. we also have our own line of carefully curated bhc exclusives designed to enhance your competitive edge.





                           powerful technology
                           
our dealer dashboard puts you in control 24/7. not only can you order what you want when you want it, you can also view inventory availability, track and review current and past orders, run reports, view invoices and more. our powerful online tools help you manage your business in ways that are easier, faster and smarter than ever before.


learn more about bhc










 





stay connected 











 become a dealer
bill hicks & co., ltd. is a leading wholesale sporting goods distributor that specializes in the hunting and shooting sports industry. if you are a sporting goods dealer who would like to become a member of our exclusive mailing list, please contact us at (800) 223-0702.
apply today



about

about us
employment opportunities
contact
faqs
digital image library ftp
bhc ffl





legal

terms and conditions of sale
terms and conditions of website
privacy policy
site map











copyright ©  bill hicks & co., ltd.   |   all rights reserved   |   powered by   



































