







touch london business directory





























login
add my business



















what/who




  company name?


please enter a search term






where













 
search



































search
search for the business or service you require





select
choose the right business to suit you





use
get in touch and use your chosen business





review
come back to share your thoughts








business											





business consultants
computer repair and maintenance services
computer services
computer support
courier services
e-commerce
graphic designers
industrial cleaners
marketing consultants
printers
promotional items manufacture
recruitment agency
security activities
training
web design










travel											





guest houses
holiday homes and self-catering accommodation
hotels
travel agents










family and personal											





education - private tuition
entertainers
funeral directors
hypnotherapists
martial arts
photographers
wedding services










financial and legal											





accountants
independent financial advisers
mortgage brokers and consultants
solicitors, lawyers and legal advisors










health and beauty											





alternative medical treatment
beauty salons
counselling
dentists
health and medical clinics
unisex hairdressers










motoring											





airport transfer services
car body repairers
car dealers
car hire
car servicing and repair
chauffeur driven car hire
coach and bus hire
driving instructors
mechanics
mot testing
taxis










property											





architects
blind retail and installation
builders
burglar alarm systems
carpet and rug retailers
carpet, curtain and upholstery cleaners
domestic cleaners
double glazing
electricians & electrical contractors
estate agents
kitchen planners and fitters
landscape gardening
letting agents
locksmiths
painters and decorators
pest control
plumbers
property and building maintenance
removals
roofing consultants
tree surgeons










shopping											





florists
furniture stores
gift shops














touch local is part of the scoot network - a leading online search company that gives businesses targeted online exposure to ensure that each business maximises its potential to help attract new customers.giving you much more than just a name and address, the scoot network powers business directories for scoot, touch local, the independent, the sun, and the mirror, giving advertisers the added value of being found on multiple leading search websites. 









 local events

view local events




latest activity



special offer:  
10% discount on all translation services


 for a limited time only, please use the code: sbd10 when requesting a quotation for our translation services and include a link to where you have seen this advertised to receive 10% off our suite of translation services offered by translator uk.                        
added by translator uk on 05/02/2025



special offer:  
our sales page


 for upto date offers please visit our sale page                        
added by maison haven furniture on 29/01/2025



special offer:  
reex group


 
added by reex group on 07/12/2024



special offer:  
website maintenance & support: £99 only


 is your website running smoothly?                         
added by aarrth marketing on 06/12/2024



special offer:  
free professional website build – get online today!


 boost your business with a free wordpress website! our offer includes a custom-built website designed to elevate your brand. simply cover the domain and hosting costs, and we'll take care of the rest-creating a responsive, seo-optimized site that drives traffic and enhances your online presence. ideal for startups and small businesses looking to grow. claim your free website build now and establish your digital footprint! limited spots available-don't miss out on this exclusive offer.                        
added by creative seo hub on 09/10/2024



special offer:  
waste direct


 
added by waste direct on 04/09/2024



review:
bloomsbury palace hotel








great location and knowledgeable, helpful staff
reviewed by beata tarcsy on 08/06/2024



review:
mcafee customer support 0122-739-2030 uk








regain control over your finances with our comprehensive guide on how to refund your mcafee account with ease! 0203-290-4223 discover the straightforward steps to initiate a refund with mcafee's expert instructions. whether it's an accidental purchase, a change in your security needs, or other billing concerns, mcafee is here to make the process hassle-free. rely on mcafee for transparent solutions and efficient support, ensuring your financial transactions are a breeze. your refund is just a few clicks away. say goodbye to billing worries and let mcafee be your trusted partner in navigating a seamless refund process that prioritizes your satisfaction.
reviewed by vulelo vulelo on 12/05/2024























toggle navigation






the scoot network
about us
privacy policy
do not sell my personal information
terms & conditions
contact us
add a listing
cookies settings

© 2025 touch local - part of the  network





















