



adopting from brazil - [[:template:adoption wiki]]































toggle navigation









 


   login


 join



 login







 









 





















pregnant? 
 pregnant? home
                
pregnant & considering adoption?
guide | choosing adoption
choose an adoptive family
contact an adoption professional
free ebook | unplanned pregnancy
articles | unplanned pregnancy
find an adoption professional
pregnancy wiki

choose a family 
 choose a family home
                
create a profile
faq
choose a family
choosing a family

adopt 
 adopt home
                
guide | how to adopt a child
parent profiles
affording adoption
local adoption guide
photolisting
directory
free ebook
adopt a baby
international adoption
foster & adoption
home study
choose an adoption professional
baby names
stepchild adoption

reunion 
 reunion home
                
guide | search & reunion
reunion registry
adoption detectives
free ebook | search & reunion
articles | search & reunion
forums | adult adoptee
birth parents

professionals 
 professionals home
                
directory
add listing
for professionals

forums 
 forums home
                
community home
videos
photos
blogs

articles 
 articles home
                
articles home
adoption guides
affording adoption
how to adopt
adoption celebrities
adoption glossary
us adoption laws
quotes
search & reunion
stories
video
international adoption
open adoption
unplanned pregnancy
news
birth parents

photolisting 
 photolisting home
                
international photolisting
us photolisting
foster child adoption
international adoption
becoming a foster parent guide
affording adoption
foster and adoption forums
international adoption forums










advertisements









main page
recent changes
random page
help 









 





                                            page                                        


page


discussion


view source


history










                                tools                            

page informationpermanent linkprintable versionspecial pagesrelated changeswhat links here 






















adopting from brazil








the official flag.source: wikipedia.org.
map.source: cia.gov.
map.source: cia.gov.
the official coat of arms.source: wikipedia.org.
'source: wikipedia.org.
rio de janeiro at night.source: wikipedia.org.
rio de janeiro.source: wikipedia.org.
iguassu falls.source: wikipedia.org.

notice: as of july 14, 2014, all individuals and agencies facilitating international adoptions must be in compliance with the intercountry universal accreditation act.
the information contained on this website is for educational purposes only and is not intended to be a substitute for professional legal advice. always seek the advice of a licensed and qualified professional. while the content of this website is frequently updated, information changes rapidly and therefore, some information may be out of date, and/or contain inaccuracies, omissions or typographical errors.


contents

1 about brazil
2 brazil adoption alert
3 hague convention information
4 who can adopt
5 who can be adopted
6 how to adopt
7 traveling abroad
8 after adoption
9 contact information

9.1 source




about brazil
following more than three centuries under portuguese rule, brazil gained its independence in 1822, maintaining a monarchical system of government until the abolition of slavery in 1888 and the subsequent proclamation of a republic by the military in 1889. to learn more, read about brazil.


brazil adoption alert
(july 28, 2014) the autoridade central administrativa federal of the secretaria de direitos humanos (acaf), the brazilian central authority for the hague adoption convention, officially announced last week that it will accept applications from u.s. hague accredited adoption service providers (asps) for authorization to provide intercountry adoption services in brazil.  to learn more, read brazil adoption alert.


hague convention information
brazil is party to the hague convention on protection of children and co-operation in respect of intercountry adoption (hague adoption convention ). therefore, all adoptions between brazil and the united states must meet the requirements of the convention and u.s. law implementing the convention. to learn more, read brazil and the hague convention.


who can adopt
adoption between the united states and brazil is governed by the hague adoption convention. therefore to adopt from brazil, you must first be found eligible to adopt by the u.s. government. the u.s. government agency responsible for making this determination is the department of homeland security, u.s. citizenship and immigration services (uscis). to learn more, read about who can adopt from brazil.


who can be adopted
because brazil is party to the hague adoption convention, children from brazil must meet the requirements of the convention in order to be eligible for adoption. for example, the convention requires that brazil attempt to place a child with a family in-country before determining that a child is eligible for intercountry adoption. in addition to brazil's requirements, a child must meet the definition of a convention adoptee for you to bring him or her back to the united states. 



1. children over the age of 12 will have to agree to their adoption.






2. extended family and other immediate relatives will have priority to adopt a child.






how to adopt
because brazil is party to the hague adoption convention, adopting from brazil must follow a specific process designed to meet the convention's requirements. a brief summary of the convention adoption process is given below. you must complete these steps in the following order to meet all necessary legal requirements for adoption. adoption is granted as an exceptional measure and is irrevocable; proxy adoption is prohibited.  to learn more, read about how to adopt from brazil.


traveling abroad
applying for your u.s. passport
a valid u.s. passport is required to enter and leave brazil. only the u.s. department of state has the authority to grant, issue, or verify u.s. passports.  getting or renewing a passport is easy. the [https://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/passports/passport-help.html 
passport application wizard] will help you determine which passport form you need, help you to complete the form online, estimate your payment, and generate the form for you to print-all in one place. learn more about traveling abroad in brazil

after adoption
what does brazil require of the adoptive parents after the adoption?
according to brazilian law, there are post-adoption requirements of adoptive parents. adoptees may have access to their background records after the age of 18; before the age of 18 access to background records is only granted with judicial approval. 

post-adoption requirements:




1. brazilian legislation requires asps to send post-adoption follow-up reports  to ceja and acaf on the adopted children every six months for up to two years after the adoption is granted and/or until the child gets the naturalization certificate; they suggest that paps sign a document releasing their privacy act so that brazilian authorities could be informed about the child's progress and adjustment to the new family; 

2. acaf may also request asps information about an adopted child at any moment and asps need to send a copy of the child's naturalization certificate as soon as it is issued to acaf. 







what resources are available to assist families after the adoption?
many adoptive parents find it important to find support after the adoption. take advantage of all the resources available to your family -- whether it's another adoptive family, a support group, an advocacy organization, or your religious or community services. 

here are some good places to start your support group search: 

adoption services support groups for adopting persons
north american council on adoptable children

note: inclusion of non-u.s. government links does not imply endorsement of contents.


contact information
u.s. consulate in rio de janeiro
avenida presidente wilson, 147, castelo 
rio de janeiro rj 20030-020 
tel: (55) (21) 3823-2000 
fax: (55) (21) 3823-2083 
email: adoptionrio@state.gov 

brazil's central authority:
the state judiciary commission of adoption (ceja) is the division of government responsible for intercountry adoption in brazil. each brazilian state maintains a ceja that acts as the central authority and is the sole organization authorized to approve foreign adopting parents. some of the state cejas known to accept american prospective adoptive parents are:

alagoas
president: judge paulo zacarias da silva 
director: josé amilton ramos azevedo 
anexo 2 - pça mal deodoro, 319 centro 
macéio, al 57061-000 
tel: (55) (82) 4009-3225 

minas gerais
president: high court judge célio césar paduani 
director: high court judge antonio sérvulo dos santos

secretary: eliane maria lacerda gomes
rua gonçalves dias, 2553 bairro de lourdes 
belo horizonte, mg 30140-092 
tel /fax: (55) (31) 3339-7725 or 3339-7726 
e-mail: ceja@tjmg.gov.br 

paraná
president: high court judge tufi maron 
director: jane pereira prestes 
rua máximo joão kopp, 274 bl. 2 centro judiciário sta. cândida 
curitiba, pr 82630-000 
tel/fax: (55) (41) 3233-3518 or 3225-6044 
e-mail: adoção@tj.pv.br 

pernambuco
president: high court judge josé ferandes de lemos 
director: humberto costa de vasconcelos junior
rua joao fernandes vieira, 405 1 st floor - boa vista 
recife, pe 50050-200 
tel/fax: (81) 3412-3020 or 3412-3053 

rio de janeiro
president: high court judge conceição mousnier 
director: maria da glória moreira correa 
rua erasmo braga, 115 - 5th floor, room 512 - lâmina 1
entrance at rua d. manuel - edifício do fórum, centro 
rio de janeiro, rj 20026-900 
tel: (55) (21) 3133-2656 
fax: (55) (21) 3133-2657 
e-mail: ceja@tj.rj.gov.br 

santa catarina
president: high court judge josé trindade dos santos 
director: mery-ann furtado e silva 
rua "lvaro millen da silveira, 208, 8 0 andar 
edifício tribunal justiça 
centro, florianópolis, sc 88020-901 
tel: (55) (48) 3287-2738 
fax: (55) (48) 3287-2758 
e-mail: ceja@tj.gov.br 

são paulo
president: high court judge antonio luiz reis kuntz 
director: judge raul khairallah de oliveira e silva 
fórum dr. joão mendes junior - pça joão mendes junior, s/n 0, 20 0 floor, room 2021/2023 
são paulo, sp 01601-900 
tel: (55) (11) 2171-6304 or 2171-6305 
fax: (55) (11) 2171-6514 
e-mail: cejaisp@tj.sp.gov.br 

embassy of brazil:
brazilian embassy 
3006 massachusetts avenue, nw 
washington, dc 20008 
tel: (202) 238-2700 
fax: (202) 238-2827 

note:   brazilian consulates are located in boston, chicago, houston, los angeles, miami, new york, and san francisco. 

office of children's issues
u.s. department of state  
ca/ocs/ci  
sa-17, 9th floor
washington, dc 20522-1709
tel: 1-888-407-4747 
email: askci@state.gov 
u.s. department of state

u.s. citizenship and immigration services (uscis)
for questions about immigration procedures, contact the national customer service center (ncsc) at 1-800-375-5283 (tty 1-800-767-1833).

source
intercountry adoption, bureau of consular affairs.  u.s. department of state country information adoption.state.gov/country_information/country_specific_info.php?country-select=brazil



 





category: international adoption 













advertisements





















hopeful adoptive parents
create a profile



see all










luis & justin












jackie & garret












sarah & robert tate












shai & ro











subscribe for free to the best of adoption.com emagazine











about
contact
advertise
sitemap
mobile apps


guides:
adopt a child
adopt a baby
arizona adoption
open adoption
foster care adoption
unplanned pregnancy
oklahoma adoption 
texas adoption
florida adoption
adoption costs
adoptive family
transracial adoption
adoption agency
christian adoption
international adoption
affording adoption
adoption search


local:
alabama
arizona
arkansas
california
florida
georgia
massachusetts
michigan
mississippi
new jersey
new york
nevada
north carolina
ohio
oklahoma
pennsylvania
south carolina
texas
utah
virginia
washington


top:
adoption centers near me
open adoption
giving baby up for adoption
adoptive family
adoption options
how to start the adoption process
steps of adoption
christian adoption
catholic adoption
lds adoption
jewish adoption
adoption process
adoption agencies


            adoption.com is not a licensed adoption agency or facilitator and it does not provide professional, legal or medical advice.
            it does not place children for adoption or match birth parents and adoptive parents. users of adoption.com agree to the
            terms of service,
            privacy notice and
            community rules.
            ©2025 adoption.com llc, a service of the gladney center for adoption. all rights reserved.
        














            welcome to adoption.com! we use cookies to better your experience on the site and to show you personalized advertising. to find out more about this, please view our privacy policy, which contains our cookie policy.
            ×




download free adoption.com app and parent profiles app

itunes

×
















