












      rotary club of tacoma #8    














 
















                    rotary club of tacoma #8				


rotary international  |  
                		                    		            district 5020  |  
            	    	                                        	dacdb login

     
                                                                         
                                                         
                                                         
                                	                    	            | 
                                	
	    
							member login

 
 




 
 




toggle navigation








dacdb login

member login

district links district leadersdistrict eventswhere clubs meetrotary district 5020 links 20 reasons to join rotary4way testhomeweekly meeting registrationauction 2025contact usdonate now


  



  
 



 

rotary club of tacoma #8 members spend hours every month volunteering at these non-profit organizations.
 
 
 

 
 
 

rotary is a global network of 1.4 million neighbors, friends, leaders, and problem-solvers who see a world where people unite and take action to create lasting change – across the globe, in our communities, and in ourselves.
rotary members believe that we have a shared responsibility to take action on our world’s most persistent issues. our 46,000+ clubs work together to:

promote peace
fight disease
provide clean water, sanitation, and hygiene
save mothers and children
support education
grow local economies
protect the environment

tacoma rotary #8 is the 8th oldest rotary club in the world and was established in 1910.
rotary club of tacoma #8 is a service club. its product is serving. rotarians provide community service to both local and international communities. this is perhaps the best reason for becoming a rotarian: the chance to do something for somebody else and to sense the self-fulfillment that comes in the process and the return of that satisfaction to one's own life. it is richly rewarding. 
 
 
it's time for you to join rotary
complete a membership inquiry form today!  
 






community service projectsabout rotary club of tacoma #8join rotary club of tacoma #8community grantsinternational servicesscholarshipsrotary youth exchange 
 
club leaders

 

district events

loading


 









this weeks meeting


view more  

 
loading...
 






 

weekly bulletin

loading


 


 
 
 








© all content belongs to the  rotary club of tacoma #8 unless otherwise specified.
                            any and all rotary marks are the property of rotary international and their use is permitted by license from rotary international.
                
ez-website powered by member minder pro © 2003-2025, and its affiliates. all rights reserved.
privacy statement |  terms of use 







login to yourdacdb account






activation with recaptcha is now required for this feature. see dacdb support for instructions.
























 


