



























trade ideas: ai-driven stock scanning & charting platform































why?
 free trade ideas
ai signals
pricing
download
stocks gamified







×




why? 
 free trade ideas 
ai signals 
pricing 
download 
stocks gamified 












 

 log in 






get started













ride stock momentum like never before
like the government rides our tax dollars
trade ideas al powered trade signals get you into the biggest
                            movers first with unmatched precision.























        collapse
    


            collapse
            







new chat +






light mode








































 how can we help you today, steve? 






















 







$0
?

money machine profit




a the money machine is the 2nd generation trade ideas ai. 
    it is long in the top 3 momentum based stocks at $5k per position. 
    exiting only when a stock falls out of the top 3 and entering only when a stock is in the top 3.





























             
            
 
notice: data delayed by 15 minutes.

use live data































 
a fully automated ai strategy lab - no programming or configuration just results









 tradewave 
  money machine












 coming early 2025! 

(currently in developmental testing)
trade ideas money machine
2nd generation ai: the biggest innovation in retail trading history






the second gen ai system for real time momentum trading
select the momentum: upside, downside or both and the money machine automates the rest.









automatically positioned in top 3 performing stocks
monitors and ranks stocks, ensuring your portfolio has the three highest-momentum opportunities.











the first 100 spots were reserved in just 2 hours!
our first release proved the overwhelming demand for this breakthrough technology. wave 2 release will be coming soon! 





0/available
coming soon - wave 2 release for reserving access to live trading the money machine.


live data
transition from simulation to real-market fully automated trading with the money machine.


$5k
price increase after the 100 signups. get exclusive access pricing for $5k.




get more details








catch the tradewave
get precise stock entry and exit signals on your favorite stocks with tradewave's ai-powered trading system.








                        your browser does not support the video tag.    
                        



real-time ai optimization adapting to every single market move
forget static indicators. tradewave's ai constantly analyzes market data, fine-tuning the ema bands for each stock in real-time. this ensures you're always trading with the most up-to-date and relevant signals.
get more info
catch the surge







                        your browser does not support the video tag.    
                        



tradewave offers clear visual trading signals that you'll never miss
no more squinting at complex charts. tradewave gives you instant, actionable buy and sell signals directly on your charts. the green "b" and red "s" buttons make it impossible to miss an opportunity.
get more info
catch the surge










brokers & partners using trade ideas technology.
brokers & partners using trade ideas technology.


trade ideas technology is trusted by some of the leading brokers and trading platforms in the industry. our technology is used by traders to gain an edge in the market.
we are proud to partner with these companies to provide our users with the best possible trading experience.







the ibkr integration offers trading and portfolio management with low-cost trades directly from trade ideas.
click below to learn more about our integration with interactive brokers.
get more info ➞







centerpoint securities 
                                provides brokerage services tailored specifically for active traders.
                            
clients have access to industry-leading short lists, flexible routing options, state-of-the-art trading platforms, and priority customer service.
learn how to get free access to trade ideas through the 
                                centerpoint edge program.

for canadian residents – 
                                check out the details here.







stickytrades.com is both a financial education service and publishing company bringing 'stock options' trade ideas alongside real-world education to the active trader!
we deliver several winning 'stock option' trade ideas weekly from top industry analysts to you via text and email.
learn more here ➞






live from the dttw trading floor! traders with 40+ years of combined trading experience trade real money for real profits, and sometimes loss. our multi-million dollar tv studio broadcasts the first and only professional trading show on youtube live.
get more info ➞




































signup for free access

























                            sign up
                        



if you already have an account

                        log in
                    


check your email for a confirmation and click the provided link to continue.
resend email







 






resources
get started
education
features
knowledgebase
help resources
testimonials
trading glossary
trading room
user guide
blog




about trade ideas
about us
billing policies
careers & jobs
disclosure
eula
privacy policy
media
professional




learn more
features
ai strategy lab
contact us
free account
pricing


become a partner
affiliate program
partners




compare to:
trendspider
tradingview
stockcharts
bookmap
cheddarflow
unusual whales
flowalgo
tipranks
tradervue
tc2000
thinkorswim
benzinga pro
koyfin
smarttrader
marketsurge




using trade ideas
account management
download software
web access










 
             
             
             
            



accessibility statement: at trade ideas, we're committed to providing accessibility to our website. we're engaged in an ongoing process of evaluating our website to ensure a smooth experience for all users. if you're having difficulty with your browsing experience, please contact us at 760-230-0713 or info@trade-ideas.com and we'll happily assist you.
trade ideas is a publisher. no content constitutes a recommendation that any particular investment, security, portfolio of securities, transaction or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person. please consult with a qualified advisor before making investment decisions. trading contains substantial risk and is not for every investor.


            © 2025 trade ideas llc
        






















            

