










university of minnesota physicians | university of minnesota physicians















      skip to main content
    



















get care






aboutclinicsprovidersleadershipumn medical schoolquality & safetyresearch & clinical trialsboard of directorsoffice of inclusion, diversity, equity and accessibility (i.d.e.a.)clinicsbehavioral health clinic for familiesbroadway family medicine clinichilger face centermill city clinicphillips neighborhood clinicradiation therapy centerst. louis park clinic epilepsy care programst. louis park clinic interventional psychiatry programst. louis park clinic memory care programst. louis park clinic navigate programprovidersnewswhere discovery creates hopecontact



header secondary menu


for medical professionals


careers


patient resources


billing


















coronavirus (covid-19) vaccine information→

























driven to advance health & medicinewe improve the lives of our patients through patient care, research and education.





        get care
      



        find a provider
      

















transforming healthcareuniversity of minnesota physicians (m physicians) is the premier multi-specialty academic physician practice established at the university of minnesota and dedicated to serving the upper midwest and beyond. visit our clinics 










from our approach to the application of medical discoveries to our top-tier quality standards and commitment to training future healthcare leaders - we are advancing medicine.











we are leading some of the most significant healthcare innovations in the country.  check out our story
















              90+
          


specialties







              13+
          


m physicians clinics







              1m+
          


patient visits per year







              1200+
          


physicians 












get care








find a location




search by specialty or care services
- any -alzheimerbehavior healthdementiaepilepsyfamily medicinefirst episode psychosishospital medicinememory careocdprimary careseizure disorderstreatment resistant depression






or browse all locations








find a provider




search by name







or browse all providers























more than 70% of the doctors who practice in minnesota were trained by m physicians





















we provide compassionate care through the promotion of physical and mental well-being



















we maintain rigorous quality and safety standards

















we are creating healthier communities through top-tier patient care, cutting-edge research and educational excellence 


























news
 february 5, 2025



growing community at broadway family medicine



              as the clinic’s community health professional, latrese vanburen knows just what to do.
          














news
 november 11, 2024



five m physicians doctors named most influential leaders in healthcare



              meet these impactful leaders for our state.
          














news
 november 5, 2024



dr. andrew olson receives top physician honor



              the american college of physicians - minnesota chapter honored dr. olson with its 2024 laureate award.
          














news
 october 9, 2024



navigating the unpredictability of flu season with dr. beth thielen



              here's what we know for this year.
          














news
 september 9, 2024



280 m physicians doctors named as top doctors by minnesota monthly



              in 2024, the honorees span 86 specialties. 
          














news
 october 2, 2024



what would a dietitian buy at the farmers market? fall edition.



when visiting the farmers market, even in autumn, mackenzie dougherty, rd, knows exactly where to start — heading straight for fresh vegetables.

























 



university of minnesota physicians720 washington ave se, #200minneapolis, mn 55414612-884-0600 




get in touch


maps & directions


contact us


facebook


instagram


linkedin




useful links


for media


terms & conditions


non-discrimination notice


hipaa privacy practices


privacy


financial assistance & no surprises act information


language assistance and accessibility aids






 







 



español (pdf)lus hmoob (pdf)አማርኛ (pdf)soomaali (pdf)afaan oromoo(pdf)việt (pdf)中文 (pdf)русский (pdf)ไทย (pdf)ລາວ (pdf)ထၢနုာ်လီၤဖဲအံၤ (pdf)ພາສາລາວ (pdf)kiswahili (pdf)tagalog (pdf)





 



© 2024 regents of the university of minnesota. all rights reserved.



















image/svg+xml






































>
      

















































