

polysack aluminet chromatinet, anti-insect net, field storage bins







  



 
 
 


 polysack
 decade


 shade 
                    cloth and net
 shipping 
                    containers


 
 


we 
                  are manufacturers' representatives & distributors!


 


phone 
                  863.665.3792


fax 
                  863.667.1926


email







 


 

 



<click on 
              logo above for more info>
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 micro-climate 
          control
 


 
 



 


                aluminet® is a high quality metallized knitted 
                  screen. aluminet greatly moderates day/night  
                  temperatures, enabling microclimate control in greenhouses, nurseries 
                  and fog houses. it provides uniform shadow, controls air movement, 
                  protects against frost radiation, saves energy in heated structures 
            and transmits optimum diffused light to the crops. 

aluminet takes greenhouse production beyond light and shade:

•aluminet can decrease greenhouse summertime water consumption 33% by decreasing the daytime temperature inside the greenhouse 20%. in a well-ventilated structure, the temperature inside the house equals the outside ambient temperature which is normally less than 100 degrees fahrenheit even in south florida. 

•aluminet can decrease wintertime heating costs.  it creates a thermo-reflective barrier similar to a mountain climber’s blanket by holding ground level heat inside.  during an overnight freeze, aluminet can maintain the inside temperature above freezing even when the outside temperature dips to 24 degrees fahrenheit. 

              it does all of this while transmitting optimum dispersed light to the crops.

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
spectrum 
            management solutions
 


 
 
 


 


 




harness the power of sunlight!
think of chromatinet® as a slice of the rainbow.  innovative chromatinet® transforms light into profits by managing red, blue, and silver light spectrums for the benefit of your plants. these new-generation nets help growers control vegetative growth characteristics such as leaf size, branch length and plant height in ornamental plants, as well as control the rate of maturation and flowering.
innovative agro-technology
the shade net is knitted from filtering ribbons of plastic. the knotted part blocks sunlight. the sections that are stretched between the rows of knots filter out all but the desired color. with red and blue net, what you see is what you get. the silver net diffuses light with an increase in the red spectrum and a slight decrease in the blue spectrum. chromatinet® increases the desired wavelength.  all materials are designed for outside use, but work equally well as an inside shade curtain. polysack shade net creates an environment of specific light requirements with minimal mechanical help

 


 

 


 







chromatinet blue 
              shade cloth reduces the spectrum of red and far-red light and increases 
              the blue light spectrum, creating a compact plant with deeper green 
              foliage. the grower can grow and ship more quality plants per square 
              foot using only sunlight. in some varieties it can postpone flowering.

advantages
                blue chromatinet® allows you to grow healthy plants that meet market requirements. annuals in nurseries are grown under the same percentage of shade; the  plant crowns develop naturally with minimal pruning and no chemicals. for blooming, the plants are placed in full sun. 

how does it work?
                the increase in blue light changes the rhythm of the plant. blue light acts as a natural growth regulator decreasing foliage volume by around 20%, darkening the foliage and delaying the bloom.
 
 


 
 
 


 







chromatinet silver 
            shade net causes light distribution by refraction of direct light 
            radiation through the special crystalloid structure of the silver net 
            filament. the thermo-reflective barrier creates a cooler microclimate 
            and blocks ir radiation. the plants exhibit increased shoots and buds, 
            as well as enhanced variegation. 

advantages
                silver chromatinet® creates an environment that is 10% cooler than black net. the silver net blocks ir radiation or heat from the ground, 5% greater than under black net, protecting crops in overnight frost (29°f). plants under this net exhibit more shoots and less stretch. the light under silver net is excellent for propagation or for climate control in shade houses.
how does it work?
                sunlight is diffused through the silver net; it mimics the light reaching the plant under a tree canopy. light distribution is caused by refraction of direct light radiation through the special crystalloid structure of the silver net filament. 

 


 
 
 


 




red 50% - black 50%
same  variety, age, soil, fertilizer and cutting source.
 





chromatinet red shade 
            cloth reduces the spectrum of blue, green and yellow light and increases 
            the red and far-red light spectrum. the plants leaf surface is larger, 
            their stems are longer and thicker, and the total foliage volume is 
            higher. root system development is enhanced in shoots and tissue culture.            

advantages
                plants grown under red chromatinet® achieve early flowering without decreasing flower quality. the net is suitable mainly for growers who wish to accelerate growth and increase foliage volume, especially when the objective is to enhance development of root systems in shoots and tissue culture seedlings. lower shade percentages can be very effective at decreasing growing time on full sun plants. 
how does it work?
                sunlight is filtered through the red chromatinet®,reducing the spectrum of blue, green and yellow light and increasing the red and far-red light spectrum. this increases the rhythm of plant development under red light, with a larger leaf surface, longer and thicker stems, and higher total foliage volume.

 


 
 
 


 



 


 
 


optinet 50 is a patented technology that integrates two methods for control of greenhouse thrips and other insects. the dual protection significantly reduces the number of pests entering the structure, while maintaining adequate airflow. as a result, fewer pesticide treatments are needed, complying with european standards, and saving costs.
optinet blocks penetration of insects in two ways:
              optic protection: insects are repelled by the screen's optical additives. 
              physical protection: the fine 50 mesh screen provides a second line of protection.


 


 
 
 


 
 


 


black knitted provides 
            light shade for vegetables, nurseries, cut flowers and fruit trees. 
            additional shade for ornamental plants in the summer. suitable to 
            spread above greenhouse tops. knitted in widths up to 10 m. other 
            widths are obtainable upon request. flexible, light, strong and easy 
            to spread. 
 


back to top
 


  


<click on logo above 
        for more info> 
packing, shipping and storage 
        containers, agricultural and industrial bins.
        reduces the long-term cost of handling fruit and veggies. 
        footprint 48"x40", heights 31"


decade 
            kitbin; shipper friendly!

decade 
            macx-ss; stackable bins


 
 
 


 
high-impact hdpe structural 
                foam
locking design
smooth surfaces
+140f to -40f
solid or vented wall 
                options
interchangable/replaceable 
                panels
4-way forklift entry
stackable, 6 high
use pallet separately

 
 
longer container life
tough yet lightweigt 
                at 89lbs
stackable, 10 high!
compact storage, nest 
                3
completely sanitary;pressure 
                washable
vented side models
custom colors available
replaceable runners
hdpe plastic
meets usda/haccp standard



back to top
 


  
please 
        contact us for samples and pricing! 
        
p.o.box 1585 lakeland florida 
        33802-1585
        phone 863.665.3792 fax 863.667.1926



seo and website design by advantage


