





	legge fitness superstores







skip to content






                        1.800.695.7338
info@leggefitness.com


online club
* email



watch our video tours!








                your family fitness,wellness & mobilitystore since 1988





about
store galleryour clients
products
shop all productsachieve fitnesstreadmillsellipticalsupright & recumbent bikesindoor cyclesrowerslateral trainersrecumbent ellipticalsmulti-station gymsfunctional trainersstrength training productsgravity training systemsboost youthfulnessmassage chairsinversion/oscillation tableszero gravity oscillation chairswhole body vibration platformsrebounderscreate wellnessreal wood infrared saunassoftub therapy spasfoot orthoticswater systems & treatmentsthumper massagersdevelop mobilityphysiostepsupper & lower body ergometersrehab treadmillsamerican leather products


specials


videos

resources
educational servicesour books
contact












                            your browser does not support the video tag.
                          





                            your browser does not support the video tag.
                          





                            your browser does not support the video tag.
                          





                            your browser does not support the video tag.
                          




		family owned & operated since 1988!



the legge family has been involved in fitness and wellness for over 40 years, and 2025 is their 37th anniversary as a family owned and operated business. philip is a nutritionist, muscle and joint therapist, and fitness trainer. philip and mary and their son and daughters (stephen, priscilla, elizabeth and lois) are all wellness advisors, and work full time in the family business. over the years they’ve expanded their portfolio to cover all the categories of quality fitness, wellness, mobility and medical products. they now have about 25,000 square feet in listowel and fergus, ontario. they have been fortunate to have helped thousands of people both locally and throughout canada. they provide quality products for health enthusiasts to use at home, and they also provide professional and commercial products for gyms, offices, hospitals and clinics.
all of their products come with an exclusive best value guarantee. they also service and stand behind all the products they sell, so people can invest with confidence. they would welcome the opportunity to help you and your family on your fitness and wellness journey!


 
explore our 10,000 sq. ft. superstore in fergus through this video tour!


improving your potential is as simple as abc... and sometimes d
click the area that you're interested in




achievefitness





boost youthfulness





createwellness





developmobility




or view our full product selection here!

























 
 














a member of:

since 1995
the centre wellington chamber of commerce


join our online fitness and wellness club
* email


we invite you to leave a google review





popular quick links:


true & bodycraft

treadmills, ellipticals, bikes
multi-station gyms, rowers
functional trainers
dkn vibration platforms



massage chairs

inada, dreamwave
panasonic, luraco
human touch
zero gravity chairs




canadian made saunas
softub therapy spas
teeter inversion tables
drive medical & mobility
hci physio & rehab




contact us | visit us | our story | videos | resources




follow us on:












© copyright 2025 legge fitness superstores ltd.
privacy policy



















