












c. g. jung center for psychotherapy, evanston - cg jung center
































































 




 












cg jung center


					search				


primary menu

					skip to content				
about us

our mission
about carl jung
board of trustees
our team
hours & location
newsletters


clinical services

about clinical services
apply for services
depth psychology
about june singer
training –>

training & volunteer opportunities
ceus


therapist payment form


public programs

upcoming programs
faculty
program information
past programs
other organizations


volunteer
donate
contact us
 





search for:



 







c. g. jung center for psychotherapy, evanston


“individuation  involves two movements, inward to discover the one who is, and outward to learn about one’s place in the function of the world.”— june singer, in “the power of love”
c. g. jung center for psychotherapy, evanston
a place for self-development and community.
for many of us, our quest for a deeper meaning and personal growth, has led us on a journey of discovery. the satisfaction and knowledge of jung’s teachings can be a guidepost in your spiritual growth. we understand that while jung’s theories are rich and complex, it can be hard to find a jungian community that not only supports education about his methods, but also supports a clinic-based practice. at c.g. jung center, we offer a supportive environment for that exploration, so that you can grow spiritually and psychologically, through jung’s teaching and professional psychotherapy, to improve your well-being.
your story contains your solution.
insightful psychotherapy and programming
we offer the rare combination of both jungian-oriented psychotherapy and a robust selection of programs in the heart of evanston, just minutes from chicago, to serve as a resource for our community with unequaled access to high-quality, affordable psychotherapy, dreamwork groups, and a full year of engaging programming for your mind and spirit.
affordable, accessible, jungian-oriented psychotherapy to further your personal well-being and development, done on a sliding-scale or bcbs ppo and choice planscomprehensive programming to support your full understanding and study of jungian principlesmovies, workshops, and lectures for our diverse jungian-minded communitydreamwork small groups to explore this aspect of jung’s teachingceu training for mental health professionals to build your knowledge and aid your practiceclinical training opportunities for volunteer therapists and supervisors to enhance your careerone of the only centers in the u.s. to provide both jungian psychotherapy and educational programming
come join our community
getting involved with the c.g. jung center is simple. just select what you are interested in and contact our center.



psychotherapysliding-scale or select bcbs plans, jungian-oriented psychotherapy virtual in our evanston clinic or virtually via telehealth



programssliding-scale or select bcbs plans, jungian-oriented psychotherapy virtual in our evanston clinic or virtually via telehealth



ceusgain the education credentials for maintaining your license with our fascinating lectures





volunteercontribute to the growth of individuals and your practice



donatebecome a supporter of our mission to enhance the well-being of our community


make this your year
whether you’re interested in our jungian-oriented psychotherapy or our educational programming, there’s a place for you in the c.g. jung center community. as we approach our second decade (in 2024) of community education and personal growth, we invite you to join us on this journey. through jung’s teaching, you too can discover the key to unlocking life’s mysteries, the tools for promoting well-being and the support of our members and participants, who are spiritually minded.

apply for services
contact us
donate



















c. g. jung center for psychotherapy, evanston









join our newsletterenter your email below.














join us on facebook


follow us on twitter

support the center
donate
 



					proudly powered by wordpress				




























