




reeddesign - website design







































≡



home
blog
privacy policy




web design
points to pixels
character entities
named colours




av design
wooden walls at chatham dockyard
cutty sark whisky visitors’ centre
carrier at the fleet air arm museum
garrard eurofighter
the guide heritage centre
the jersey museum & maritime museum
age of chivalry at the royal academy
sellafield visitors’ centre
silk museum, macclesfield




photos
prints for sale
panoramas

cornish churches
cornwall






kites
kite history
kite altitude
make your own kite
kite colourizers
irbc competition figure animations
stack competition figure animations
kite trick animations




hiroshige
hokusai
masonobu
i have a dream
wilton diptych
london ghost signs map
painted church
more…





based in clapham in south london (sw4) and wadebridge in cornwall, reeddesign was a specialist website design company supplying either design services or consultancy to agencies and end users. as of april 2021 roy has retired from full time work as a website designer, although he occasionally works on a website of choice. he is still taking photographs and you can see his work in the book he co-authored on london’s ghost signs.


roy reed

roy reed made his first website in 1995 and from 1997 to 2021 he has worked as a website designer and photographer. his skills include html, css, javascript, and 360° panoramic imagery. this site uses all of these technologies. you can see some of the websites he has designed or produced by clicking on the web design link.
before becoming a website designer, reed had over 25 year’s experience as a photographer, multi-media designer and producer. for much of this time he specialised in making and installing programmes for museums and exhibitions. his programmes and installations (many of which won awards) have included most of the audio visual media. click on the av design link to see some examples of his past work.
reed is a graduate in photography from the london college of printing. he is also a passionate kite flyer and you can read news and updates about kite flying and web design on his blog.
if you want to get in touch you can e-mail  or phone on +44 (0)20 7738 8373.






















