














home | maryland developmental disabilities council
































































































skip to content













🔊 listen


































			search for:		



		search	



menu



home
about us

who we are
5-year plan
questions & answers
council members
staff
meetings
committees
become a member


projects

current projects


funding

small grants
large grants


policy

public policy priorities
legislative reports
dd day at the legislature
legislative advocacy resources
disability laws


publications

publications
videos


resources

maryland’s definition of developmental disability
national and state resources
sibling support resources
supported decision-making resources
expectations matter


news
 



skip past slideshow
















creating change • improving lives
we create change to make it possible for people with developmental disabilities to live the lives they want with the support they need.

 
 
 

 


our vision is that people with and without disabilities in maryland live, learn, work, and play together. 









2025 legislative session begins
 



 

 

the 2025 maryland legislative session starts on wednesday, january 8. use the resources below to learn more about legislative session and advocate for the issues important to  ....				
			
learn more


we want to hear from you!
please help us identify the best ways to create change and improve lives for marylanders with developmental disabilities!
 

every 5 years, the council develops a new state plan. this state plan is a roadmap ....				
			
learn more


national disability employment awareness month (ndeam)
 

october is national disability employment awareness month (ndeam). ndeam celebrates workers with disabilities.

 

this year’s ndeam theme is "access to good jobs fo ....				
			
learn more












2022-2026state plan goals

goal 1
people with developmental disabilities are leaders and advocates.


goal 2
people with developmental disabilities and their families are empowered to live the lives they want.


goal 3
people with developmental disabilities and their families have access to their communities, and services and supports. they are treated with dignity and respect.





by the numbers











839078
$839,078 invested to create a more inclusive community










general public


25834
25,834 people educated about developmental disability issues










improvements 


34
35 programs and policies created or improved










legislators


188
188 legislators educated about issues related to developmental disabilities










committees / councils


34
34 committees and councils served on to improve policies, program, and practices

















217 east redwood street, suite 1300
baltimore, md 21202
 
410-767-3670 (within md)
800-305-6441
info@md-council.org
 
 
accessibility statement
 
content developed by: brian cox
 
office of legislative audits fraud hotline
 


stay connected!  join our email.

please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail (required) *by submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: maryland developmental disabilities council, 217 e. redwood street, baltimore, md, 21202, http://www.md-council.org. you can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the unsubscribe link, found at the bottom of every email.submit  




privacy policy  |  
							© 2025 maryland developmental disabilities council  |   website by 	clark concepts
							this project is supported by the administration for community living (acl), u.s. department of health and human services (hhs) as part of a financial assistance award totaling $1,265,982 with 100% funding by acl/hhs. the contents are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent the official views of, nor an endorsement, by acl/hhs, or the u.s. government.
						





dcyeti-anthonyahn








































