
 

southern ca senior resources, pasadena, ca







 

home
what we provide
testimonials
contact us



free senior housing expert guidance(310) 625-9055




tap to text





 













helping our california seniors to find a new home where their pet (friend) is also welcome! 



california residential care facility for the elderly


	                                a free family service for southern california seniors & those who love them



with over twenty years of experience with california senior housing (assisted living, memory care, and board and care homes), southern california senior resources (socal senior resources) knows how difficult it can be to place a loved one in a senior living community. we applaud you for taking the first step to find the right place. we are here to guide and support you during the entire process. finding the right facility out of many options can be an overwhelming and challenging task. southern california senior resources gives a hands-on approach and takes the guesswork out of your search to give you personalized recommendations. we can also join you on your tours!as california licensed residential care facility for the elderly administrators, our approach assures that your loved one will have accurate and appropriate options. unlike the large online placement agencies who give families a massive, unqualified list, we give you a small list of places that fit your personal criteria. we will be there every step of the way, from our initial contact with you to finalizing placement,socal senior resources is your specialist in finding the right fit. if you are in the searching process, put our free expertise to work for you. we take the guesswork and legwork out of your search.





free expert guidance



	                                call now! 310-625-9055
	                            












  
our specialtieswhat we providethe staff at southern california senior resources is comprised of licensed california residential care for the elderly administrators. this is something that you will most likely not find with large online referral agencies and franchises.types of care with which we assist placement:alzheimer's caredementia careassisted livingnursing homes residential care in-home care caregivers retirement communitieslearn more
 our specialtieswhat we providethe staff at southern california senior resources is comprised of licensed california residential care for the elderly administrators. this is something that you will most likely not find with large online referral agencies and franchises.types of care with which we assist placement:alzheimer's caredementia careassisted livingnursing homesresidential care in-home care caregivers retirement communitieslearn more  
 









our founder, chris gutierrez with his grandmother, who was the inspiration for southern california senior resources






	                            personalized care & comfort



	                                why choose us?



we have toured hundreds of california care facilities, and we know what to look for while searching for the better options for you and your loved ones. we discuss the care that your loved one requires, and absolutely keep that in mind during our process with you. we help place your mom, dad, grandparent, sibling, aunt, uncle, spouse, friend, child, or someone that means much to you. unlike larger agencies, we have strong ties in the southern california communities that give us a personal insight into many different care facilities. our licensed administrators will give personalized care to you and your loved ones to match you to the right senior living community. you can take comfort in knowing that we also have the best interest of you and your loved ones while we do our best to guide you. 


free expert guidance



	                                call now! 310-625-9055
	                            












  
testimonialsread what our happy clients have said about usfree service to help assist with finding housing for elderly people from snf, board and care, ssi communities, assisted living and independent living communities.arlyne c.facebook review i have enjoyed working with chris an a+ services for seniors for sure.jose u.facebook review with appreciation for the work chris does with and for the baby boomer community---rick bava--author of--"in search of the baby boomer generation"rick b.facebook reviewread more reviews  







southern ca senior resources

with over 18 years of experience, southern california senior resources knows how difficult it can be to place a loved one in a senior living facility.

 
(310) 625-9055






 quick links


 what we provide
 testimonials
 contact us




hours
social media


monday - friday 6am - 10pm




















copyright â©2020

site map
privacy policy












