












department of mathematics - uc santa barbara
























skip to main content





university of california, santa barbara













 


department of mathematics - uc santa barbara





main menuaboutundergraduategraduatepeopleresearchnews & eventsresourcesgive



























  
  
  
  





 







department of mathematics faqs & answers for undergrads
more information
 









welcome to the department of mathematics
welcome to the homepage of the uc santa barbara mathematics department.  we hope that this website provides you with the information you need and conveys some of the many interesting and exciting activities going on around the department.
the department of mathematics serves the ucsb campus by providing service courses for students taking mathematics as a requirement for a non-math major, a full list of upper division courses for our math majors and a wide variety of graduate courses that bring our graduate students closer and closer to the cutting edge research of our top-notch permanent faculty who have received numerous honors and awards.
to give you a sense of scale, the mathematics department has more than three dozen faculty members working in subfields that cover a broad spectrum of modern mathematics, half-a-dozen visiting assistant professors, more than 60 graduate students and over 1,300 math majors and pre-majors.
with that, i invite you to browse our website and learn more about the department.  please feel free to contact us if you have any questions.
björn birnir
	professor and chair
 














announcements




 former math ph.d. student featured in notices of the ams 
  
 one of our former ph.d. students, nancy scherich (2019) has published an article, math dance: bringing the process to life in the current notices of the ams. nancy was the overall winner of the national dance your ph.d. contest in 2017, and her article is featured on the cover.    
her winning video, representations of the braid groups, can be found here.
 
  


 recruitment: assistant professor, algebra (tenure track) 
  
 the department of mathematics at the university of california, santa barbara, invites applications for a tenure track faculty position in algebra, at the level of assistant professor, with an anticipated start date of july 1, 2025. all areas of algebra, in the broad sense, will be considered.
 
view and apply at ucsb recruit
 
  


 












 







join the conversation

















graduate study

interested in discovering graduate opportunities at ucsb? the graduate program at ucsb offers students a broad foundation in mathematics while allowing the flexibility to explore interdisciplinary research.
learn more...





undergraduate study

are you a current or prospective student interested in pursuing mathematics? the department of mathematics at ucsb has 5 different majors and 2 minors for those with a passion for mathematics. browse through our website to see what the ucsb mathematics department can offer you.
learn more...





support ucsb mathematics

your generosity plays a critical role in our ability to fulfill our mission and is truly appreciated.
learn about support opportunities...









 











department of mathematics
	south hall, room 6607
	university of california
	santa barbara, ca 93106-3080
fax (805) 893-2385
	email: www@math.ucsb.edu
	office hours: mon-fri 9-12, 1-4
maps & directions
campus maps


college of letters and scienceuc santa barbaraaccessibilityappropriate useprivacywebmaster


©2025
the regents of the university of california.
all rights reserved.
uc santa barbara, santa barbara, ca 93106


 




