







scu akψ



































































































              home
            

              about us
            

              meet the brothers
            

              rush akpsi
            

              legacy
            

              events
            

              database
            

              advice
            

















































































homeabout usmeet the brothersrush akpsilegacyeventsdatabaseadvice


















scroll








shaping people, shaping businessalpha kappa psi is recognized as the premier developer of principled business leaders.




    learn more
  


























a letter from our presidenton behalf of santa clara university’s psi omega chapter, i would like to welcome you to our fraternity’s website. our platform offers insight into our chapter’s identity while also providing you with information about our extensive network and guiding goals.in essence, alpha kappa psi is a diverse group of distinct, motivated, and insightful individuals from all around the world. every member of the psi omega chapter is constantly striving to grow professionally and personally, supporting each other in all of their endeavors. each brother offers a unique perspective and set of skills that make our chapter the perfect place for growth and development. i became a member of alpha kappa psi during my freshman year at scu, and since then, this group of people and being a part of this fraternity has genuinely been life-changing. i have made all of my closest friends and built a support system i can rely on for life. words truly cannot express how grateful i am for the last three years that i have been a part of this community, and i am so lucky to be able to guide this talented and caring group in the upcoming academic year. alpha kappa psi has shaped my college experience, and i look forward to giving back to this outstanding organization.sincerely,avery piersonpresident, psi omega chaptersanta clara university ‘25








what is alpha kappa psi?alpha kappa psi is the nation's oldest and largest co-ed business fraternity. since our founding in 1904, we have grown to 298,000 initiated members, 219 active chapters in 4 different countries.the psi omega chapter was founded at santa clara university in 2005 and includes over 60 active brothers across the college of arts & sciences, leavey school of business, and school of engineering — making us the only professional business fraternity on campus to accept all majors.




    learn more
  











rush akpsi



take a chance and learn more about alpha kappa psi and how we can help you invest in your future and enhance your college experience.




    rush akpsi
  








thank you to our sponsors! 













kpmg













ey













deloitte











shaping people, shaping business



letter from the president



what is alpha kappa psi



rush akpsi



winter rush video








 

home about us meet the brothers rush akpsi   legacy  events












































