




home | department of medicine






































































 
























skip to the end of the utility bar



unc school of medicine



unc chapel hill

unc health

intranet

login









skip to main content





department of medicine





search_for:


search




      search this site

      search unc school of medicine











toggle navigation




department of medicine



home
about us
divisions & centers
our faculty
education
research
patient care
promoting health equity
news
 



 



welcome to the
unc department of medicine



welcome to the department of medicine
we train physicians for meaningful and impactful careers, pursue discoveries that advance science, and aim to provide expert, compassionate care to everyone we serve. our innovative training curriculum prepares physicians to thrive in the ever-changing health care environment. our research helps shape how we understand and treat disease. and our clinicians collaborate across specialties to provide truly outstanding clinical care.








education








research








patient care













learn about us
the department of medicine is the largest academic department in the nation's first public university. we are 465 faculty and 200-plus residents and fellows, organized across 12 academic division and 11 research centers. we foster an inclusive, collegial, and supportive environment that nurtures careers, new and established.
learn more about us





join our team
we are passionate about academic excellence and our culture is mission-oriented, inclusive and uniquely collegial. we invite prospective trainees, faculty and staff to learn more about our academically rich environment in the heart of chapel hill.
become a part of our team





living in chapel hill
in chapel hill the skies are always carolina blue and the hospitality is like none other! consistently ranked as one of the best places to live, our vibrant college-town and the surrounding research triangle has it all: community, arts, culture, sports, and plenty of outdoor spaces for adventure.
check out the area








ranking and statistics

"every day, we do what it takes to bring the very best care to more people, by reaching out to patients where they are, by better understanding their needs today, and by planning for a healthier tomorrow, together."





$109
million
in annual nih funding


350,000
clinical encounters per year


33
endowed professors


650+
practicing clinicians


200+
residents and fellows


11
nih-t32 training programs









support our mission
the department of medicine leads the way in advancing research that gives patients access to cutting edge therapies and treatments. by investing in our talented physicians, scientists, and trainees, you support the people who are making a meaningful difference in the lives of our patients and their families. gifts both large and small help us provide the best possible care today and expand what will be possible tomorrow.
make a gift



your gift is a special commitment to teaching, discovery and hope.





check out our latest news









february 14, 2025
derebail, tilly, vavalle honored with medical staff physician clinical excellence awardthree department of medicine faculty have been awarded with the second annual medical staff physician clinical excellence award. this award recognizes unc hospitals clinical physicians who embody the qualities of…2025





february 11, 2025
featured ume: tiffany long, mdmeet dr. tiffany long dr. tiffany long is a geriatrician at unc, with deep roots in north carolina. a true tar heel through and through, she completed her medical school,…2025





february 11, 2025
featured staff member: christine wilkinsmeet christine wilkins, an administrative specialist in the division of oncology and a member of the dom teammate council! what’s your role and how long have you been a part…





february 4, 2025
faculty and staff in the news throughout januarythe clickable links below navigate directly to outside media articles which featured department of medicine faculty and staff throughout the month of january. emily sickbert-bennett, phd, shared strategies for staying…2025





february 3, 2025
dr. gerald hladik appointed vice chair for faculty developmentgerald hladik, md gerald hladik, md, the doc j. thurston distinguished professor of medicine, has been appointed vice chair for faculty development in the university of north carolina department of…2025





january 30, 2025
2025 fellows match to unc department of medicinethe department of medicine is honored to welcome new tar heel trainees! after a successful match, the following fellows will join department subspecialties in july 2025. division of rheumatology, allergy…





january 30, 2025
dr. maureen dale discusses caregiving for a parent with aarpmaureen dale, md dr. maureen dale recently spoke to aarp about considerations for taking on caregiving responsibilities for aging parents. dr. dale says one of the main issues to consider…news, 2025



morenews

   
  












featured people




featured physician


ume faculty spotlight: raquel reyes, md, mpa

i’m originally from rural, small-town texas. we grew up in humble circumstances and i am the first and only physician in my family. i was fortunate to have had some amazing opportunities in my formal education and training, and several faculty inspired me and helped me along the way at various points in my journey. i could have used more guidance, though, honestly.
      2024
    

 



featured trainee


featured resident: kelly ingram, md

meet kelly ingram, md, a first year resident who aspire … read more


 



featured staff


featured staff member: cassandra donahue, rdn, ldn, cdces

meet cassandra donahue, rdn, ldn, cdces, a research coo … read more


 



featured app


featured app: laura blanchard, pa-c, mpap

laura blanchard, pa-c, mpap, an inpatient supervisor in … read more


 









department events
there are no upcoming events at this time.
view all events







department twitter
tweets by @uncdeptmedicinetweets by uncdeptmedicine 


department twitter
 @uncdeptmedicine


chair's corner podcast






anil gehi, md dr. ron falk invites dr. anil gehi, the sewell family-mcallister distinguished professor of medicine at unc to provide insight into how some wearable health products work. dr. gehi serves as the director of the clinical cardiac electrophysiology service and program … read more
wearable health technology with dr. gehi



next slide


listen to full podcast
chair's corner podcast








divisions & centers
the department of medicine has 12 subspecialty divisions and 11 affiliated research centers.





our divisions
division of cardiology
division of endocrinology & metabolism
division of gastroenterology & hepatology
division of general medicine and clinical epidemiology
division of geriatric medicine
division of hematology
division of hospital medicine
division of infectious diseases
division of nephrology & hypertension
division of oncology
division of pulmonary diseases & critical care medicine
division of rheumatology, allergy & immunology



our centers
unc blood research center (brc)
center for aging & health
center for functional gi & motility disorders (fgid)
center for gastrointestinal biology & disease (cgibd)
institute for global health & infectious diseases (ighid)
thurston arthritis research center (tarc)
unc cystic fibrosis/pulmonary research & treatment center
unc kidney center
unc lineberger comprehensive cancer center
unc mcallister heart institute





 















contact us patient care
appointments: unc health care find a doc
other appointment questions: 984-974-6302 (unc healthlink)

executive office administrative phone: 919-966-4468
125 macnider hall
campus box #7005
chapel hill, nc 27599-7005

follow us 







chair’s corner podcast


 











 © 2025 department of medicine

accessibility
privacy statement
intranet


notice of privacy practices
aviso de practicas privadas
nondiscrimination notice
aviso de no discriminacion


surprise billing and good faith estimate notices
avisos de facturas médicas sorpresas y avisos de presupuestos de buena fe












































 



