




victory golf pass :: save money every time you play golf!












 






 
 
 










 
          

                     


























 



click here 
to view 19th annual victory "fall" golf outing 10/21/24 results & photos 
 











					 


















list of all participating 
								courses 
								 

								| 

buy today
the 2025 
								victory golf pass book offers substantial golf 
								green fee discounts and additional golf savings 
								to favorite, top rated public & private golf 
								courses & driving ranges of pennsylvania, new 
								jersey, delaware, maryland, virginia & west 
								virginia. 





 


 

 














             about the 
			2025 victory golf pass

#1 premium golf 
					savings book in pa, nj, md & de!
					your favorite golf 
					courses - the best deals

the 2025 victory golf 
					pass book features substantial savings and green fee 
					discounts to top rated, award winning, nationally recognized, 
					and local favorite public & private golf courses, driving 
					ranges, executive golf courses, and par 3 golf courses of pennsylvania,
		new jersey, delaware, and maryland, plus bonus courses in
					virginia and west virginia.

this year's course 
					lineup

hundreds of public golf 
					courses, private golf courses, driving ranges, par 3 
					courses, executive courses, golf simulators (new section in 
					the book!), club fitting, mini golf & more. plus! victory 
					online private course access - and victory day outing dates 
					and courses will be added throughout the year. be sure to 
					check out our victory travel page for 
					exclusive private course access as you travel around the 
					country.

easy to read deals - 
					easy to use at the pro shop

the 2025 victory golf 
					pass book is designed to be super easy to read and use. take 
					your book to the pro shop, have attendant check off the deal 
					used in the book. it's that easy. with victory in your golf 
					bag - you'll always be ready to play, save & win at your 
					favorite public and private golf courses!

like a premium bound 
					golf guidebook, each participating course deal includes 
					pertinent information such as website, phone, address, 
					ratings & more.

everyday quantity 
					discounts - perfect for groups!

victory conveniently 
					offers everyday quantity discounts when you order 2 or more 
					books! the more you buy - the more you save!
					groups of 10 or more players 
					receive 15% or more off the cover price - and you can order 
					online anytime. 


save money every 
					time you play golf.

victory is the "winning choice" for golfers!  

save money and play 
					where you want, when you want. no last minute hassles 
					looking for a great deal. the best deals are all in the 2025 
					victory golf pass book! cart is included in the 
					player's fees - no surprises at the pro shop! know what your paying before you 
					play.


a "must have" for 
					every golfer!

victory gives you more...

in addition to our 
					regular awesome golf deals, victory offers these bonus 
					savings:



super saver!


					our biggest deals! free greens fees & substantial golf 
					discounts and
					savings.



senior (age 60+) savings

great extra savings 
					just for golfers age 60+. click link to view all 
					courses/deals.


hero

(active us 
					military + veterans)

victory courses honoring those who serve 
					with deep discounts for our military. 
					we thank you for your 
					service!



victory days!


					mark your calendars for our exclusive victory days!
					get private course access, bonus savings & extras, plus 
					"spring" and "fall" victory golf outings - all on these 
					special days exclusively for victory golf pass members!



junior (under age 18) specials

see the victory golf 
					pass participating courses getting junior golfers in 
					the game with great specials like free golf. plus, kids will 
					love the mini golf deals, par 3 courses, golf simulators, footgolf 
					savings & more!



off season rates

play golf & save year round! see 
		all courses offering november 1-march 31st deals


lesson deals

make this your best 
					golf year yet! fine tune your game - see the courses, facilities & pga pros offering 
					lesson deals to help you lower scores


driving range, 
					par 3, mini golf & more

practice makes perfect. 
					check out our golf courses & 
					driving ranges offering special discounts like buy 1 bucket, get 1 
					free & more!



pro shop specials

get the gear you want & 
					save in the pro shop with coupons at these courses!


victory "group pass"

attention groups of 6 or more players! 
					get extra per player savings at victory "group pass" 
					participating courses. look for the "g" logo in the book - click link for full details.

summer & vacation 
					fun! jersey shore, delaware & maryland beaches

save on vacation with 
					the victory golf pass book in your golf bag - we've got 
					great courses & deals at the jersey shore, delaware and 
					maryland beaches & more!

try new courses - 
					enjoy everyday favorites

all participating golf courses are within a comfortable driving
      distance for golfers living in the philadelphia metropolitan area, delaware valley, and mid atlantic 
	region.

endorsed by the pgo, 
					dsga

victory is the only golf savings 
					book endorsed by the pgo (pennsylvania golf course owner's 
					association, and 
					the dsga (the delaware state golf association)! victory is 
					produced by a pga professional and golf course owner who is 
					dedicated to providing the best golf value for golfers!

junior golf leader - 
					fun for the whole family!

looking to the next 
					generation of golfers ~ victory is proud to lead in offering 
					juniors access to the best courses in the area! plus get 
					lots of family fun discounts at driving ranges, par 3's, 
					pitch & putt, and mini golf courses - even golf simulators 
					and footgolf!

stay & 
		play golf packages

new! stay 
					& play special at talamore golf resort in pinehurst / 
					southern pines area of north carolina. also enjoy great stay 
					& play packages from chesapeake bay golf club - victory's 
					home course!

the victory hope 
					foundation ~ for a great cause

the victory golf pass donates a
      portion of proceeds to worthy charities including the
					crohn's & colitis foundation of
      america 
		through our victory hope foundation.
click here 
		to learn more about our charitable giving or to donate.



list of all participating 
								courses 
								 

								| 

buy today
play your favorite golf courses ~ 
	save money every time you play golf!

play. win. save. 
					victory golf pass is the "winning choice" for every golfer.






			 



			 
 


 
  


128 karen drive
rising sun, maryland  
		21911
877-vgp-5316
©2025 victory golf management, llc
      
1
      corinthians 15:57




