





woods creek nursery | open to the public. growing 500+ species.";    
































































home


native plants


inventory


wholesale


japanese maples


tree rescue


employment







menu














































                                                                                    wholesale information
                                                                                







 retail information 






































                                                        we offer a large selection of specimen trees
                                                        and japanese maples, as well as evergreens,
                                                        deciduous, flowering trees and pacific
                                                        northwest natives.
                                                    

nursery main line — (360)
                                                        794.6823
                                                    

21008 woods creek road - monroe,
                                                            washington, 98272


info@woodscreeknursery.com


                                                        welcome to monroe, washington! we're a
                                                        40-year-old wholesale grower nursery near
                                                        seattle and open to the public. we can help
                                                        you with your landscaping design ideas and
                                                        native plant restorations. we have a large
                                                        selection of shrubs and specimen trees
                                                        on-site, well suited for use as large or small
                                                        privacy barriers, hedges or screens.
                                                    

                                                        our selection of plants and specimen trees is
                                                        unmatched by most nurseries in the northwest.
                                                        in total, we grow over 500 different types of
                                                        plants, shrubs, hedges, and trees within our
                                                        20-acre nursery and arboretum. many of the
                                                        varieties we grow are native to the northwest.
                                                    

                                                        if you are setting up ground cover to
                                                        stabilize a slope, looking for the perfect
                                                        rock garden plant or shopping for an unusual
                                                        specimen for that special spot, we've got what
                                                        you need. come on out and take a walk through
                                                        our 37 greenhouses and arboretum.
                                                    

click here for a list of our current
                                                            inventory

























                                                        yes, we deliver to garden centers, job sites,
                                                        landscape professionals and for large orders!
                                                    

                                                        we provide standard delivery to nurseries and
                                                        landscape contractors for larger orders and
                                                        unique tree purchases. let's work together to
                                                        get your specialty japanese maples, native
                                                        species plants and specimen trees delivered
                                                        where you need them.
                                                    


























                                                    our one-call order fulfillment service saves you
                                                    the time of calling around the puget sound to
                                                    find the plants you need.
                                                




                                                    over the past 40 years, we have established a
                                                    comprehensive network of sustainable,
                                                    horticulture-practicing growers. this network
                                                    gives us access to the highest quality plants at
                                                    the best prices, and you can rest assured that
                                                    all plants we deliver will have been grown with
                                                    the same commitment to the environment and plant
                                                    health.
                                                

make one call and let us fill your entire
                                                        order!
                                                    


we work with garden centers, nurseries, and
                                                        landscape designers and contractors.



















fall and spring are tree-planting
                                                                        seasons


contact us now to order your unique
                                                                        showpiece or specimen tree.































native species

                                                we specialize in helping our customers with native
                                                plant restoration projects, and we have a number
                                                of native species available at the nursery.
                                            

                                                typically, if we don't have the exact plants you
                                                are interested in here on site, we can have them
                                                delivered from our growing-acerage.  allow 24
                                                hours on a weekday, and sometimes minimums will
                                                apply.
                                            

                                                we generally do not stock the numbers required for
                                                complete restorations at this location, so if you
                                                are planning a restoration project, it is always a
                                                good idea to contact us in advance of coming out
                                                to the nursery.
                                            

















environmental stewardship

                                                we were awarded "merit farm" status in 2013 by the
                                                snohomish conservation district in cooperation
                                                with the washington state department of ecology
                                            















sustainable growing

we weed by hand at woods creek nursery. our
                                                    plants are grown in our greenhouses and in our
                                                    nutrient rich beds on our 20 acre
                                                    property.
















high quality, not prices

                                                if you're in seattle, bellevue, renton, kirkland,
                                                or other close-in suburbs, you'll likely have only
                                                shopped in city retail nurseries. urban nursery
                                                prices are usually higher than woods creek's,
                                                often because of higher costs than here in rural
                                                monroe.
                                            













do you need to redeem a tree replacement
                                                            certificate for removal of trees from power
                                                            lines?


                                                        we are members of the washington state nursery
                                                        & landscape association and we accept
                                                        snohomish county pud tree removal certificates
                                                    

learn more about the program.






























woods creek nursery
                                     mailing address: 21028 woods creek rd. monroe, wa
                                     98272
                                     (360) 794-6823
info@woodscreeknursery.com









native plants


inventory


wholesale


japanese maples


tree rescue


employment































                 © 2023 | woods creek nursery 

             


















monday to saturday, 9:am - 5:pm | sunday 10:am - 4:pm
call us: (360) 794-6823 
visit us: 21008 woods creek road - monroe, washington, 98272




































 /*
 
 */ /*
 
 */
 




