










home - ocala/marion county association of realtors®



























































 
 
















skip to content















					member portal				








					reti				








					stellar mls				








					contact us				














facebook





twitter




instagram





































menu 
about omcar association board & staff room rental committees member recognitionjoin membership benefits become a membermembers florida realtors® learnupon member directory florida realtors tech hotline education & events calendar omcar.reti.us tech learning center florida realtors legal hotline realtors® commitment to excellence designations & certificationsbuyers & sellers why use a realtor®? digital millenium copyright act notice city of ocala and marion county flood map information filing a complaint housing statistics voter registration realtor.com® the basics of making an offer on a house septic system requirementsevents education calendar event calendar omcar event photosadvocacy voting & elections broker involvement program major investors legislative priorities & winsblog








 







 





welcome to omcar






(ocala/marion county association of realtors®)





















search 
find a realtor®
 
view directory

 








become a member 
membership in omcar has many benefits!
 
join today!

 








membership portal 
register for education & events, and more.
 
omcar member area

 












north central florida’s trusted voice of real estate








































about omcar 
we stay abreast of trends and provide our members with the tools and training to evolve and grow along with the market.
established jan. 1 1922, omcar has been north central florida’s trusted voice of real estate for more than a century. we are proud to continue building upon a rich history of deep involvement in ocala and surrounding communities in marion county, and strive to be the best business and public policy advocates for our members and the communities we serve.
 
learn more

 
























follow us 



ocala marion county association of realtors

 

 








education  calendar 


 
view all events

 










 












© 2025 ocala/marion county association of realtors®
 | 
site by growthzone


























resources









facebook





twitter





instagram











business card icon




member directory 










lock icon




member login 










get in touch









address & map




3105 ne 14th street, ocala florida 34470 












phone icon




(352) 629-2415 













phone icon




(352) 629-5490 













envelope icon




darlene@omcar.com 


















 © 2025 ocala/marion county association of realtors®.  all rights reserved. site by growthzone 








 



















