






tranter's creek | resort & campground








































washington, north carolina



contact us today! (252) 948-0850











tranter's creek resort & campground
if you’re coming to eastern north carolina, then tranter’s creek resort and campground is the place to stay! get a great cabin on the water , a huge pool, resort entertainment facilities, on-site store, and free wi-fi . our resort is only minutes away from historic washington nc.

reserve now!










tranters creek








home
campground
rates
amenities
area information
contact
calendar

activities


news














welcome
tranter’s creek resort & campground is the finest campground in eastern north carolina. we are conveniently located off hwy 264 on clark’s neck road and situated right on tranter’s creek. there is fantastic fishing in the creek, nearby rivers, and sounds. bring your family, friends and pets and enjoy our beautifully maintained campground that has clean, grassy, and neatly landscaped sites. we are open year round. all our sites are full hookups with 20/30/50 amp service. pull-thrus, and creekside cabins are also available.











the cleanest, friendliest, safest & absolutely the most fun!
















creek side cabins
our creekside cabins are cozy little hideaways. you can enjoy the view of tranter’s creek while sitting in your own private screened porch. our creekside cabins also include a full bath, a double bed, heat/ac, refrigerator, microwave, fire pit, picnic table, rocking chairs, and inside and porch ceiling fans. 
the following things are what you will need to bring for your stay: sheets, towels, sunscreen, toiletry items, swimsuit, fishing poles, cookware, plates, cups, utensils. 
please note there is a 2 night minimum stay on weekends and 3 night on holiday weekends.
 








rv sites
all our sites are full hook-up with 20/30/50 amp electric, water, and sewer. we have pull-thrus available, easy in and easy out. don’t forget to bring your boat or fishing gear. we have 3000 feet of recreation area right by a deep water creek.
yearly camping tired of pulling your camper up and down the highway? 
yearly camping may just for you. we have yearly sites .
the meters on yearly sites are read at the end of each month and campers are billed according to their use. yearly leases run from january 1 to december 31. leases can be prorated from the day a camper moves in until the end of the year.










 
have a question? call or write today! (252) 948-0850
the staff of tranter’s resort and campground is here to help. we’ve been making happy campers for over 20 years and we know how to make the best of your time  here in eastern north carolina.  drop us a line and we’ll be happy to help plan your trip to our natural wonderland.









name


email address


message




submit












directionsto the cleanest, friendliest, safest and absolutely the most fun resort!





from greenville
take 264 east towards washington. turn right at the first traffic light onto clark’s neck road. go 1 1/2 miles and the campground is on your right.



from business highway 17
turn onto 264 west. go through 3 traffic lights and at the 4th traffic light turn left onto clark’s neck road. go 1 1/2 miles and the campground is on your right.



from bypass 17
coming from chocowinity, take exit 180 towards washington/greenville. make a left on us 264 towards greenville. at the 1st stop light, turn left on to clark’s neck road. go 1 ½ miles and the campground is on your right.








 
book early to get the lowest rates
click here to book now or call
(252) 948-0850 
today

















tranter's creek resort & campground 6573 clark’s neck road washington, nc 27889(252) 948-0850








home
campground
rates
amenities
area information
contact
calendar

activities


news














designed and hosted by ibxonline | copyright © 2025 tranter's creek resort 



 























