





















scottville clown band









































home
schedule
the clowns
scholarships
our history
scb merchandise
photos
contact us






 

















welcome to the big noise!


from 1903 to eternity...thousands of miles and millions of smiles!if you are planning an event for 2025…a festival, a parade, a concert series and even private parties and want to include the scottville clown band,  find the menu button in the top right of our website to contact us.    remember, the early bird gets the worm.  there are only so many weekends in the summer and we will begin setting our 2025 schedule in january with invitations already on file and over a dozen new events inviting us.  by the time we get to our meeting we will have well over 3 dozen invitations to sort through.  the music and fun has stopped for now but the preparations begin again!  hope to see you in 2025!!!
 
 
more about us:
“the big noise from scottville” is what this band is often referred to. one of the favorite numbers performed, among many, is called “the stripper”, it really gets the crowd on their feet. the scottville clown band is known for their colorful attire and crazy antics. the band members come from all over michigan and over 14 other states, from california, tennessee, florida and even new york. the members are a very diverse group, some doctors, firemen, police officers, bankers, and realtors. this hilarious group of very talented musicians come together many times throughout the year to share this passion for entertaining crowds and travel all over michigan to strut their stuff. 
do you have interest in playing with the scottville clown band?  for more information, click the link.  guest musicians

board of directorsofficers: president: herb early * vice president: david ladd * secretary: charlie weber * treasurer: rob alway
directors: rich koths * nathan deweerd * al erickson * mike stream * ron marek * rick tetsworth * george wilson * jim lindenau
then and now
the scottville clown band 1953

the scottville clown band 2017
 






member login



						© 2025 am web garden | website powered by am web garden 








