





western artifacts – its site all information about world artifacts


































skip to content
 
tuesday, february 18, 2025 
historical
news
others

about
terms and conditions


 


 
  







6 amazing underwater ruins and surely you will be amazed
 january 28, 2020february 17, 2020 

 








5 of the most expensive historical objects in the world that have been stolen
 december 18, 2019february 17, 2020 

 





 


thousands of years old egyptian artifacts discovered in sydney
 august 14, 2019october 22, 2019 

 





 


7 of the oldest museums in the world that still stand firm
 august 8, 2019april 30, 2020 

 


 

western artifacts
its site all information about world artifacts



 



   


   

historical
news
others

about
terms and conditions


 






search for:



 




 breaking news




6 amazing underwater ruins and surely you will be amazed




5 of the most expensive historical objects in the world that have been stolen




these are 5 recommended treasure search adventure movie




thousands of years old egyptian artifacts discovered in sydney




7 of the oldest museums in the world that still stand firm


 








6 amazing underwater ruins and surely you will be amazed 
january 28, 2020february 17, 2020felecia rodriquez 


there are various reasons why civilization cannot survive on earth. starting from an outbreak of disease, an attack by other cultures, or also because of natural disasters that occur in the city.
some civilizations are lost because of sinking by the ocean. hundreds of thousands of years later, then this civilization was rediscovered and left behind the amazing ruins of buildings under the sea. here are some of the fantastic remains that have been found.
mulifanua, samoa

dredging a basin in samoa opens ruins that are thought to be from 3,000 bc. a total of 4,288 pottery fragments have been discovered since 1973 from ancient lapita culture.
the ancient culture of lapita is believed to be the parent branch of people who now occupy micronesia and polynesia. the village found in the mulifanua bay shows a more advanced lapita civilization because only in this place were found decorated pottery fragments. the rest of the civilizations found here are also the oldest.
mahabalipuram, india

the famous mahabalipuram temple is always covered with stories of legends and fables. according to legend, there was a beautiful and amazing temple fruit that caused jealousy from the gods. the jealous gods then sent a huge flood that drowned all but one, the shore temple.
these temples were rediscovered in 2002 and are thought to have sunk in the last ice age. thus, the estimated age of this temple reaches more than 5,000 years.
rungholt, denmark

rungholt is an island city with a reputation for having extraordinary wealth. in 1362, a storm destroyed the island and separated it and sank the city and destroyed all the wealth there.
this disaster sank the city with a death toll of 25 thousand people. for the next 700 years, divers find relics from rungholt on the seabed. but the town itself was never rediscovered.
baiae, italy

baiae was a port and home to the roman imperial fleet. this city is home to super-rich people with luxury resorts. but at the same time, the city is also affected by the moral decline of its residents who are hedonistic, often involved in scandals, and corruption.
baiae was invaded by muslim armies in the 8th century but was later abandoned in 1500 due to a malaria outbreak. furthermore, the volcanic activity that has submerged the city to the bottom of the sea. most of the baiae region is now at the bottom of the bay of naples.
port royal, jamaica

this place is named as the worst city on earth because it is home to pirates and prostitutes. the city was discovered in 1518 and is a port city famous for its crimes and a popular residence for british and dutch seamen until finally, the government relinquished their rights to confiscate spanish boats.
these sailors later became pirates, and this port city became a gathering place for pirates from far away. the town was destroyed and sunk partly due to the earthquake and tsunami in 1692. this disaster believed to be a punishment from god drowned not only in the city but also killed at least 2,000 people. excavations found historical documents, various buildings, and preserved foods.
yonaguni, japan

on the south coast of yonaguni, japan, underwater ruins are found that are thought to have originated from 10,000 years ago. the origin of these ruins is still being debated. many experts say that these ruins are the work of human hands, but some more conservative scientists say that these ruins are the result of natural phenomena.
these ruins are in the form of large, terraced rocks that seemed to be made on the side of a mountain. several other more serious attempts to collect data and map the structure found several other surprising discoveries. one of them is a large gate made of rocks that are attached with the right angle, carvings that look like stairs, streets, crossings, and large stairs that lead to the center of the city.




 




5 of the most expensive historical objects in the world that have been stolen 
december 18, 2019february 17, 2020felecia rodriquez 


many people do not care about the existence of historical objects that are full of historical values. but for those who love antiques, it is not uncommon to spend a lot of money to buy it.
the high price of antique and historic goods lure thieves in the hope that they can get a big profit. launching therichest.com page, monday (11/21/2016), here are five of the most expensive historical objects in the world that were stolen:
the cellini salt cellar

a place for salt and pepper for the aristocrats of ancient times was not enough just to use ordinary ingredients. the cellini salt cellar is a place for salt and pepper which benvenuto cellini created for the king of france in the 1500s.
unfortunately, this 15-inch salt bed was stolen in 2003 when it was exhibited at a museum in vienna, austria. luckily the police immediately arrested the thief and managed to secure evidence which was estimated to cost around the us $ 57 million to the us $ 65 million.
“the concert” painting

johannes vermeer is a dutch painter who is famous for his carefulness in making a painting that uses expensive colors and good lighting in each of his works.
he created “the concert” in 1664 which was discovered in 1892 and exhibited at the isabella stewart gardner museum in boston.
in 1990, a man disguised as police broke into the museum and stole several historical paintings, one of which was vermeer’s “the concert,” which is now valued at the us $ 300 million.
the empire state building

the 102-story building was completed in 1931 and became its icon in the land of uncle sam. although stealing a building sounds impossible, with technological sophistication everything can be done.
the new york daily news created a fake company called nelots properties, llc and used counterfeit documents that had been signed by fake notaries who then “legally” transferred the name to the empire state building.
luckily only a few days after the theft was revealed and the ownership of the building valued at the us $ 2 billion and has returned to its original place.
picasso painting

pablo picasso is a very talented painter with a variety of beautiful paintings and very expensive. not only is it interesting to ask a collector, but it also makes robbers want to steal it.
a man broke into the musee d’art moderne de la ville de paris in 2013. he plans to steal 5 paintings by picasso including one of the famous “the pigeon with green peas” and all of them worth more than the us $ 123 million.
four paintings were successfully captured, and the thief was also arrested, but “the pigeon with the green peas” has never been found until now.
the mona lisa

leonardo da vinci’s legendary painting was completed between 1503-1506. the king of france acquired this painting, and since 1797 it has been displayed at the louvre museum, paris.
in 1911 the mona lisa disappeared due to being stolen by vincenzo peruggia who worked as an employee at the museum.
two years later, the mona lisa was discovered and returned to the louvre museum. at that time, the picture of a woman with an expression full of puzzles was worth the us $ 100 million. now the estimated value is more than the us $ 2 billion.




 



 


these are 5 recommended treasure search adventure movie 
november 28, 2019november 29, 2019felecia rodriquez 


a treasure is a valuable item that is found but whose origins are unknown. the film, which takes the theme of the adventure of searching for artifacts or treasures, became the main attraction among the audience. in addition to searching for treasure, you will also be presented with the excitement of the storyline.
this time we will discuss the most exciting and fresh treasure adventure films of all time.
 
1. indiana jones and the temple of doom

the film was released in 1981, telling about the hunt for artifacts. in it tells the story of an archeologist named indiana jones, he was very fond of searching for ancient objects in remote places.
in his adventures, indiana jones always encounters problems. where the challenge he faces is the work of one of his opponents, who is also looking for these ancient objects. the element of adventure is very highlighted in this film, indeed very interesting for you to watch. indiana jones and the temple of doom received a rating of 7.6.
 
2. pirates of the caribbean: the curse of the black pearl

the film was released in 2003 tells about jack, who is famously sloppy, but always gets good luck in every adventure.
the film stars johnny depp as jack sparrow, who is the main character. the film is presented with fresh humor to jack’s behavior. besides, in it, you will see a very cooling visual effect.
that said, this film was very successful in terms of box office income. the film pirates of the caribbean: the curse of the black pearl received a rating of 8.0.
 
3. into the blue

this film, released in 2005, tells about divers who have dreams of finding treasure.
paul walker, who plays jared cole, works as a diver in the bahamas. jared has a dream of finding treasures stored on the seabed. in his search, jared accidentally discovered an ancient artifact on a french pirate ship. however, at the same time, jared also found a plane in which there was cocaine.
this film has thriller and action elements that are very stressful and will boost your adrenaline when watching it. the movie into the blue received a rating of 5.9.
 
4. fool’s gold

the film was released in 2008 about a finn finnegan who was looking for a coral ship. he believed that in the reef ship, there would be a lot of gold and diamonds.
in the process of searching, finn finnegan suffered a lot of bad luck. and this is what makes the storyline in this film full of humor. however, he are not the only one who wants the treasure. former mentor finn finnegan who is also a gangster intends to find the cache at the first.
this film presents an adventure full of humor. so you will not be bored with the story in it. the fool’s gold film received a rating of 5.7.
 
5. tomb raider

the film was released in 2018 about a woman named lara croft from a wealthy family. she has a desire to search for treasures and ancient artifacts from various parts of the world.
this film will be familiar to game lovers because it displays an extraordinary adventure. and can be said to be very similar to what is shown in video games. tomb raider film received a rating of 6.4.
so these are the most exciting treasure search adventure movie, right? whether it is not real, you still can hunt many treasure box by playing poker games in ceme online gambling. don’t miss the excitement of the casino game. enjoy playing!




 



 


thousands of years old egyptian artifacts discovered in sydney 
august 14, 2019october 22, 2019felecia rodriquez 


a collection of egyptian antiques was found during house cleaning in sydney, australia. now, the artifacts have been donated to the archeological museum. the discovery took place at the rosemary beattie family home. beattie admitted, as a child, she had indeed been shown what looked like a mummy in the cat’s grandmother’s house.
“we came to look around, and i thought oh, that’s a cat,” beattie said. the cloth wrapped item is one of the antiques belonging to his grandfather, dr. john basil st. vincent welch, who he brought home as a medical officer in world war i. it is believed that his grandfather received help from a local translator in buying these antiques as souvenirs from egypt. “he brought back happy memories,” beattie said to abc’s chris bath.
cleaning house
the artifacts were kept by beattie’s mother, margaret st. vincent. her husband inherited the items, also named john basil st. vincent welch after the death of his father. but margaret’s health condition forced her to move to an elderly care facility. the house was also planned to be sold to help with the maintenance costs.
it was when cleaning the house; beattie was given the task of handling a box of antiques from egypt. the box is big. the box was lying on the covered veranda above the cupboard. we are thinking about what we will do? “he said.

thousand years old
family members suggest these items be donated to the university of sydney. both john basil, the father and son, both had studied there. archaeologist at the university, candace richards, was happy to know the whereabouts of this collection.
“i’m happy, confused, and curious about what’s in this house,” richards said. “we know that many soldiers, especially during world war i and world war ii, bought real artifacts and we also know a lot of fake goods,” he added.
with this donation, the university of sydney’s nicholson museum cataloged 185 artifacts, ranging from small amulets, scarab beetles, to coffin fragments, ceramics and bronze coins from the roman era. it is believed that some of these objects were from the first millennium bc (bc). “this is very rare in australia. we have items from other world war i soldiers, but the scale is not this big,” richards said.
one of the long-shaped objects wrapped in the fabric is thought to be a mummy. this artifact will be scanned to confirm whether the contents of the cat are correct. “we can’t just dismantle it because it will destroy the artifact,” he said.
“with the medical technology we have used so far, we can apply it to these egyptian artifacts,” richards said. it is hoped that these items will later be displayed in an exhibition at one of the museum’s facilities which are expected to be completed in 2020.
family history
the beattie family had previously donated 70 items related to the military to the australian war memorial. other relics found in their home included 500 negative photo discs, swords and hand grenades that were initially kept by his father who also served during world war ii. medals owned by two german soldiers will be returned to their rightful owners. beattie’s mother, margaret, died shortly after this egyptian artifact was donated.
but this prompted him to reveal more about his family history. “unfortunately my grandfather was not talked about much because he died when my father was five or six years old due to influenza,” beattie said. “so we did not know much about the extraordinary man, and now we find how very attractive he is. this means we are very much,” he concluded




 



 


7 of the oldest museums in the world that still stand firm 
august 8, 2019april 30, 2020felecia rodriquez 


the museum is an institution established to store historical objects or artifacts among other historical items, science, culture, and artistic interests. this institution spends preserved artifacts for the public to witness through temporary or permanent exhibitions in all the world. the museum is a technique to allow visitors to work on trips to break downtime with items on display.
the idea of storing custom and historical items has been opened significantly since thousands of years later. the oldest museum in the history of the museum was built by all the inhabitants of babylon more than 2500 years later in the city of ur which was built around 500 bc by king nabonidus, the last king of the neo babylonian empire. leonard wooley discovered this oldest museum in 1925. here are some of the oldest museums in the world:
indian museum
the indian museum is the oldest museum and institution in indonesia with historical artifacts such as mummy collections, ornaments, skeletons, mughal paintings, armor, and other rare items. the idea of developing this museum opened in 1796 when members of the asian community concluded to establish a place where personal production collections could be displayed or displayed. therefore, the indian government gave up the community’s place at chowringhee park. a botanist has the name nathaniel wallich helping the bengal asiatic society develop the museum in 1814.
the collection among the oldest museums in the world is broken down into six with 35 galleries of scientific knowledge and habit artifacts including botanical economics, art, geology, archaeology, anthropology, and zoology. the history and mythology of museums in indonesia frequently being used by the organization in many industries to express their admiration about the remarkable journey of the ancestors.
capitolini museum
located on plazza del campidoglio in rome hill capitolini, this museum has a collection of archaeological relics and art exhibitions. the history of among the oldest museums in the world can be traced to 1471 when pope sixtus iv donated a historic bronze set to rome and placed it on capitolini hill. then as many ancient roman inscriptions, sculptures, a set of renaissance and medieval art, collections of coins and jewelry among many other items were added. this is the first museum in the world to open its doors to public use in 1734. today the museum is managed and owned by the city government of rome. learn about museums in amsterdam, museums in bangkok, and the history of the dayu museum.
amerbach cabinet museum
registered as among the swiss historic sites under the name kunstmuseum basel. the basel city government purchased one of the oldest museums in the world in switzerland in 1661. the city government bought amerbach cabinet, a collection of works created by hans holbein, making it the first museum owned by the city government. ten years later, the collection that originated in the early 15th century in the form of paintings, drawings, and other pieces of artwork began and was exhibited for public use. this event marks the introduction of the first public museum in the world that still exists today. today, the collection is part of the history and rich habits of the city of basel.
vatican museums
this is a location where we can feel not only one museum but also many museums. the musei vaticani was discovered in the vatican city in the early 16th century. in 1506, the collection of knots was purchased under the direction of pope julius ii. it was at borgia apartments that the collection was placed. several times after that, a building was ordered to be built as a shelter for these items. until now, the musei vaticani was a museum group with many sculpture museums and more or less.
musee des beaux-arts et d’archeologie de besancon
in english means the museum of fine arts and archeology in besancon, france this is the oldest museum of art and archaeology in the country. the museum began in 1694 after jean baptiste donated his collection to the city. the curators divided the artifacts into three groups: drawing, painting, and archaeology. the archaeology section stores egyptian collections, sermon mummies, and archaeological collections from the gallo-roman period. the painting section displays changes in art in europe from the 14th to the 20th century. the museum also stores among the largest picture cabinets in the world thanks to 5500 donations of art from many european art schools that have been at odds since the 15th century.
louvre museum
located in paris, the history of the louvre museum is one of the least visited historical monuments and art museums in the world. the collection amounts to 35,000 pieces from pre-historic times. built on 60,600 square feet of land and a landmark in paris. phillip ii built this palace as a fortress around the 12th century, but all the nobles turned it into the location of the residence of the french king in 1546. the museum began one time on august 10, 1793, with 573 collections of paintings. the collection increased around the napoleonic government, but the artifacts originating from that era were then reversed to their owners after the end of their rule.
belvedere place museum
the palace of the habsburg royal family in vienna, austria opened its doors to public use in 1781. this museum is a historical complex with 2 baroque palaces, orange garden fields, and palace stables. located on a stretch of baroque park in the third region of vienna, this institution holds a very extensive collection of gustav klint paintings. also a collection of austrian artworks from the middle ages to the present. this museum is one of the oldest museums in the world that is the most aesthetic and urgent, among others.




 



 


this ancient mexican artifact proves there is contact between humans and aliens 
july 13, 2019july 31, 2019felecia rodriquez 


mexico is a country that is often felt like a very civilized civilization that once existed. many believe, mexico has a relationship with space objects. ancient civilizations that have existed for thousands of years have left hundreds of relics and artifacts, some of which are unknown from where.
some people wonder how the maya and aztecs can create amazing objects. do they get help from extraterrestrial beings?
here are 7 findings of ancient mexican artifacts which prove that humans once had contact with aliens:
pacal rocket

king pacal’s sarcophagus proved to be a very controversial discovery ever made. some people believe that this is a description of king pacal on the way to the underground world, but some insist this is a space shuttle controlled by king pacal. this discovery reminds you of the modern system of exile.
ancient airplane

civilizations before the americas were found to have left some of the most mysterious knick-knacks. if ‘plane’ trinkets are found at this time, maybe it doesn’t mean anything. but what if thousands of years ago, when the idea of ​​flying was something that only god could do?
quetzalcoatl tool

based on information from popol vuh, a kind of mesocameric bible, quetzalcoatl has a surprising tool that makes it possible to do unexpected things. he found the device from tulas (also known as olmecs) which was then used for mining activities in the andes.
alien statue

the mexican government has also released the most impressive ancient artifacts. these ancient artifacts had become elements of a controversial documentary launched in 2012, engraving on the statue reminiscent of outer space planes and alien statues.
ancient astronauts

for those who believe that ancient progress has contact with extraterrestrial beings, they will witness evidence everywhere. in this old object, you will see an astronaut who uses a helmet with a tube connected to his clothes.
landing site at teotihuacan

the ancient city of teotihuacan has existed since 100 bc and does not hold a bit of its mystery. scientists and historians up to now cannot explain what flat locations are used for.
maya artifacts

in 2012, the mexican government released as many ancient mayan artifacts that were kept secret for almost 80 years. this ancient artifact is present under the pyramid at calakmul and reflects space and flying vehicles. seen in artifacts, you can see astronauts controlling aircraft and an asteroid or comet pointing to the earth.




 



 


america returns italian-owned 8th century artifacts 
june 12, 2019july 31, 2019felecia rodriquez 


the united states reverses artifacts picked up from italy, at least worth 90,000 us dollars or for rp11 billion. local officials revealed that the artifact originated in the 8th century bc, but was looted and trafficked abroad.
of the elements of the artifact, there were sardinian bronze cows and sardinian swimmer bronze from the 8th century bc, greek heracles bronze from the 3rd or 4th century bc and 4th century bc drinking cup pictured with two goat heads.
there is also a wine jug decorated with images of male goats and beetles dated 650 bc, pumpkin oil 340 bc pictured a man holding a plate of fruit and similar to a man holding a harp, listed as from 430 bc.
six of these items were collected from the manhattan gallery in april, as an element of the ongoing investigation into international antique trade. based on information from us local officials, the seventh object was collected from a gallery opposite in a different part of midtown manhattan.
the antiques were picked up in the 1990s from burial sites and other archeological urges in italy, then smuggled abroad.
while new york is familiar as a center of financial habits and circulation in america, as well as the main center of the international art market which is equipped with various galleries and auction residence locations.
“art galleries, auction sites, academic institutions, and collectors, must be vigilant in recognizing and identifying signs of pickpocketing and human commerce,” manhattan area lawyer cyrus vance said francesco genuardi as the italian consul general in new york, welcomed the return of 7 of these precious and amazing artifacts. returning artifacts will be displayed in the museum.

in addition to america reversing the italian artifacts, there are artifacts related to the killing of bin laden on display in new york.
three artifacts, which relate to the ambush and murder of osama bin laden three years ago, were exhibited at the national september 11 memorial & museum on sunday (08/09/2014).
the objects, which were exhibited ahead of the 13th anniversary of the attack on the twin towers of the wtc in new york and washington, were a uniform belonging to navy seal members plunged into osama’s ambush, a brick from osama’s hideout in pakistan, and a coin donated by a cia agent who contributed to tracking and digging the al qaeda leader.
“this exhibition not only reflects a time in american history but also provides an opportunity for millions of visitors to recognize the spectacular courage of those who have sacrificed a lot for this country,” said joe daniels, president of the museum.
us forces killed osama in may 2011 during an attack in abbottabad, pakistan, completing a search which had taken about ten years.
in addition to the three artifacts, at the exhibition, many photos were also presented from osama’s ambush. the cia agent who donated a coin was known merely by a pseudonym “maya.” the coins were engraved with the date of the attack on osama and on the different side of the picture with a red x. the sign symbolizes that among the key targets responsible for the september 11, 2001 attacks have been killed.
since it began on may 2014, the 9/11 museum has been visited by 900,000 people while more than 15 million people have visited the memorial monument built to commemorate the victims of the september 11 attacks since it began on september 11, 2011.




 



 


secrets of the life of 1200 years of silam revealed in bangladesh forest 
may 19, 2019july 31, 2019felecia rodriquez 


the research team pursued signs of human civilization from 1,000 to 1,200 years ago, in the world’s largest mangrove forest in bangladesh. they chased after ancient buildings in five opposite points in the sundarbans forest, and as many other artifacts. the findings were revealed through in-depth research carried out by ism azam, an independent historian.
sufi mostafizur rahman, experienced in archeology at jahangirnagar university and director of the oitihya onneswan (explore the heritage) research collection, wrote this discovery revealing a new page about bangladesh’s history. “if analyzed further, we might be able to find out new facts about the sundarbans and this area. it is still unclear when these structures were established here,” rahman said as quoted by anadolu agency.
while archaeologist sohrab uddin said, this business increased a new dimension about the history of sundarbans. “because this region is the most remote, not a little is known about the history of the sundarbans. but the discovery of ism azam opens the door to opportunities for a new practice,” he added.
discovery of a remote forest
through observation and analysis of the found structures, rahman estimates that they were built in the 8th and 12th centuries, during the heyday of the empire of pala in india. although these structures look like workspaces or trading locations, he believes they are also used as a residence.
researcher ism azam lived for seven years in the remote forest to count tiger populations. when doing so, he pursued signs of ancient progress. “i chased this site in 2015. then i chased ceramic objects, pottery, and other artifacts,” azam said.
however, azam did not have sufficient knowledge about the history of the sundarbans, so it must look forward to the visit of a group of archaeologists who can confirm their findings. archaeologist sohrab uddin said that the location was once occupied by people who produce and trade salt. however, it was long destroyed due to natural disasters and enemy attacks.
foreign cooperation
uddin collaborated with a collection of historians from bremen university in germany to analyze the findings further. together, they chased ancient stoves and tools used to produce salt, precisely in the katka area on the sundarbans. one website was found to be 250-300 years old, one again 600 years old, and the last is thought to have originated from 1,000 years ago.
the researchers also found a hill equipped with water purification systems and channels – which showed technological civilization in ancient times. from 250 to 1,000 years ago, native sundarbans produced salt which was then exported to east asia and europe.
sundarbans is a vast forest area in the bay of bengal and is listed as one of the world’s peculiarities. in 1997, the place was decided as a unesco world heritage site.




 



 


the oldest artifacts ever found by archaeologists 
april 16, 2019july 31, 2019felecia rodriquez 


artifacts are among the proofs of the progress of prehistoric times, and this business created archaeologists struggling to pursue artifacts that might be buried deep in the ground.
until now, there have been not a few artifacts that have been successfully discovered by all archaeologists. thanks to their services, i and you can know how civilization was in ancient times.
of the many successful artifacts found, there are a number of those who have the oldest age, one of the other artifacts, for example, like the five artifacts below.
carvings in the form of a human body – 40 thousand years

there are many caves in south jeman which have the name the swabian jura which was once inhabited by ancient humans of the type homo sapiens. in this cave, not a few found stone tools proof of their progress.
however, what’s interesting is the discovery of wood carvings in the form of a human body. it is estimated that if the age of sculpture has reached 40 thousand years. but unfortunately, all archaeologists do not know the benefits of these artifacts.
lomekwi stone tools – 3.3 million years

lomekwi stone tools are one of the artifacts that are more than 3 million years old. this stone itself was discovered in 2015 in kenya by teams from the turkana basin institute.
lomekwi itself is known as a tool used to shave and hit. ancient humans use lomekwi before the homo species. even lomekwi stones are older than the oldest homo-type people in the world. however, until now, it was not known what kind of person had succeeded in creating this tool stone.
gobekli tepe – 11 thousand years

the gobekli tepe site was discovered in turkey in 2008. the site itself is in the form of a large carved stone, unique to gobekli tepe created in human times not yet understood metal equipment.
there are various carvings like scorpions, lions, foxes, and birds. while the stone height reaches 16 feet and is circular. gobekli tepe was discovered by german archaeologists klaus schmidt.
stone tools in america – 15,500 years

a team of archaeologists from texas a & m university led by michael r. waters pursued stone tools that were used by ancient humans. they believe that these ancient humans migrated from siberia to america.
based on information from dr. waters, this stone tool is the oldest artifact found in north america with an age of around 15,500 years. this artifact itself was discovered in 2011.
pesse boat – 10 thousand years

the pesse boat was discovered in the netherlands in 1955. even this boat created from wood cut down using an ax is also the oldest boat that all archaeologists have found.
uniquely this boat successfully floated on the water. currently, the pesse boat has been replicated and is on display at the museum.
those are the five oldest artifacts in the world that have been successfully discovered by all archaeologists. which artifacts are there, which do you think are unique? oh yeah, we can also discuss more unique and interesting things, where you can understand the life hidden in the jungles of bangladesh.




 






search for:



 
latest news 






6 amazing underwater ruins and surely you will be amazed

january 28, 2020february 17, 2020comments off on 6 amazing underwater ruins and surely you will be amazed 










5 of the most expensive historical objects in the world that have been stolen

december 18, 2019february 17, 2020comments off on 5 of the most expensive historical objects in the world that have been stolen 







 


these are 5 recommended treasure search adventure movie

november 28, 2019november 29, 2019comments off on these are 5 recommended treasure search adventure movie 







 


thousands of years old egyptian artifacts discovered in sydney

august 14, 2019october 22, 2019comments off on thousands of years old egyptian artifacts discovered in sydney 







 


7 of the oldest museums in the world that still stand firm

august 8, 2019april 30, 2020comments off on 7 of the oldest museums in the world that still stand firm 



 
instagraminstagram did not return a 200.follow us! slot










subscribe to our newsletter
please wait...


want to be notified when our article is published? enter your email address and name below to be the first to know.







 i agree to terms of service and privacy policy







 

visit our museum 

 
 
 
about western artifacts
term and conditions
 

 

 
latest news 






6 amazing underwater ruins and surely you will be amazed

january 28, 2020february 17, 2020comments off on 6 amazing underwater ruins and surely you will be amazed 










5 of the most expensive historical objects in the world that have been stolen

december 18, 2019february 17, 2020comments off on 5 of the most expensive historical objects in the world that have been stolen 







 


these are 5 recommended treasure search adventure movie

november 28, 2019november 29, 2019comments off on these are 5 recommended treasure search adventure movie 







 


thousands of years old egyptian artifacts discovered in sydney

august 14, 2019october 22, 2019comments off on thousands of years old egyptian artifacts discovered in sydney 







 


7 of the oldest museums in the world that still stand firm

august 8, 2019april 30, 2020comments off on 7 of the oldest museums in the world that still stand firm 



 
 



 

				news vibrant			
 | 
			theme: news vibrant by codevibrant.		


 





please wait...


subscribe to our newsletter
want to be notified when our article is published? enter your email address and name below to be the first to know.






sign up for newsletter now





















