


njgasp — new jersey global advisors on smokefree policy






















news and media

gasp in the news
all news and media
smokefree outdoor bans
e-cigarettes and other tobacco products (otp’s)
smokefree multi-unit housing
college campus
smokefree casinos and gaming
new jersey state activity
other states, federal, and international
research and quitting tobacco
protecting children & young adults


legislation & litigation

new jersey smokefree air act (nj sfaa)
enhancing nj sfaa with local laws
nj sfaa exemptions
nj state & federal tobacco control laws
litigation
gasp history before sfaa


multi-unit housing

support for smokefree multi-unit housing policies
smokefree public housing
smokefree private housing
thirdhand smoke concerns


smokefree parks & other outdoor areas
smokefree gaming

atlantic city, nj
outside atlantic city, nj
economic impact
health & safety
public support
legislation & litigation


chronic disease, diabetes & tobacco

health risks
surgeon general reports
diabetes resources
tobacco cessation resources
lung screening resources


emerging trends & issues

smokefree college campuses
raising age of sale to 21
hookah smoke concerns
thirdhand smoke concerns
medical marijuana
automated roll-your-own (ryo) tobacco machines


protecting children

gasp white papers
government recommendations & laws
studies on tobacco exposure & children
smokefree homes & vehicles
dangers of hookah/waterpipe smoke
teen smoking rates
marketing tobacco to children
other tobacco products


e-cigarettes & other tobacco products (otps)

electronic smoking devices (e-cigarettes)
hookah smoke concerns
flavored tobacco
dissolvable tobacco products
nicotine health issues


gasp library

white papers & publications
presentations
nj state tobacco control budget


contact us
 
 

a tobacco control policy & legal resource centersupporting smokefree air & tobacco-free lives





home
about us
site map
terms of use
donate now


welcome to global advisors on smokefree policy (new jersey gasp)
follow our progress on facebook and join gasp!
global advisors on smokefree policy (gasp) is a globally-recognized nonprofit based in summit, new jersey.  our dedicated mission is to educate the public on the benefits of smokefree and tobacco-free living. our policy resource center’s expertise is on emerging trends and issues in tobacco control and policy initiatives.
for more than 41 years, gasp’s global reach has positively impacted millions of lives by serving as an educational resource provider of technical assistance to nations, states, counties, municipalities, companies, public health partners and the public-at-large.
our educational initiatives raise awareness about the health concerns with new products such as e-cigarettes and hookah, to help youth and young adults not to start tobacco or e-cigarette use. we also focus on the benefits of smokefree environments such as outdoor parks and beaches, college campuses and multi-unit unit housing.
trending are our resources on point of sale regulations to reduce access of products to youth and young adults, such as requiring age 21 to be sold tobacco products, banning self-service displays of such products, local licensing of electronic smoking device retailers and requiring child-resistant e-liquid packaging.
gasp also serves as a resource on compliance with federal, state, county and local laws on tobacco use and sales.  we are the only nonprofit to track all new jersey state, county and local tobacco control ordinances.
in 2015, gasp was quoted in print, radio or television media for our expertise, on average weekly. see our webpage “gasp in the news” linked from the blue tab “news and media” in the left column, our facebook page and gasp you tube channel.
join gasp as a member, give a gift membership, or make a tax-deductible donation online or regular mail. thank you for your support!

 
 

this information is created by the tobacco control policy and legal resource center of new jersey gasp, which provides educational information, educational guidance and educational technical assistance on tobacco control topics. the information presented is not intended as, nor to be construed, or used as legal advice, and should not be used to replace the advice of your legal counsel. content, artwork and design ©2025 nj gasp, inc.




