







mollie o'brien & rich moore – musicians







































skip to content


mollie o'brien & rich mooremusicians

menu
home
shows
shop
photos & press kit
reviews & quotes
videos
links
contact
 

 







front page 


singer mollie o’brien and guitarist rich moore have steadfastly made it their mission to unlock the secrets of the diverse array of styles that comprise the canon of american roots music. geniuses at interpretation and never sacrificing the essence of the songs they tackle, they are at home with their musical selves. they are unafraid of risk taking, authoritative in their performance and at the very top of their game. and to top it all off, they’re fun.

up next:

january 31 & february 1, 2025
two big nights at swallow hill in the tuft theatre
january 31-request night
we’ll be taking requests for songs we’ve been doing since 19-something-or other. how to request details to come…
february 1- family night
we’ll be joined by our daughters brigid & lucy moore, doing songs from our family album, “daughters”, as well as from “o’brien party of seven-the songs of roger miller” and some other tunes that the brigid and lucy have learned.
this’ll be a good time.
big news…we’ve been doing some recording recently, so we’ll be featuring some of those songs as well on both nights.  we’re still at work on it, so it won’t be available in time for our swallow hill shows. rest assured, we’ll let you know when it’s available!
more info and tickets here and here









upcoming shows








apr 17, 2025

palindrome – pt. townsend events center






in
port townsend, wa













apr 19, 2025

reedwood friends church






in
portland, or







view all


join our mailing list. easy. just send an email to  info@mollieobrien.com and put "subscribe" in the subject line. 




follow us 
social media profiles
facebook
youtube
itunes
 

seen this?









		photo credit: amos perrine		





			© 2025 mollie o’brien & rich moore		

social media profiles
facebook
youtube
itunes
 













