










used refuse trucks & equipment for sale dallas, tx - dickson equipment














































skip to content














home
inventory
about us
contact us
 















high quality refuse trucks & equipment
we sell high quality new and used refuse trucks and equipment. if you’re in the market for something that isn’t listed, contact us, and we’ll find it.
contact us  about us 





























rearload trucks

we offer new rear-load bodies by new way/scranton mfg. co. including king cobra, cobra, and viper. we keep a selection of new and used rearload trucks.
contact for full inventory 












rolloff trucks

we keep a selection of used roll-off trucks.
contact for full inventory 












sideload trucks

we sell new sideload bodies by new way/scranton mfg. co., including the hb series (satellite-type) available with cart tippers. we keep a selection of used sideload trucks.
contact for full inventory 











super easy, great price

“excellent customer service and great pricing. highly recommended!”

read more reviews



 









 



our reviews  contact us 









contact us if you’re in the market for something that isn’t listed, contact us and we’ll start searching immediately.

phone: (214) 741-6337
toll free: (800) 634-7531
cell: (214) 803-0337

fax: (214) 741-5515

email: contact@dicksonequip.com

 



browse our inventory dickson equipment is eager to help you find the perfect used refuse vehicle.
we currently have the following types of trucks available:

rearload
rolloff
sideload


 



about us dickson equipment co., inc. has been providing quality new and used refuse and related equipment for 20 years. we stock new and used roll off, rear load, side load and container delivery trucks. we are proud to offer quality refurbished equipment at a fair price.
dickson equipment co. is a texas dealer for new way, pioneer tarpers, o’brian tarpers, perkins mfg. and nu-life environmental brush hawg.
about us 

 








copyright © 2025. dickson equipment. all rights reserved.



 



 










 


