
home of mauisun


























 
 


                 free webpages

                 free email 
                 web page help

                java and script 

codes 
       home of mauisun
free webpages 
free email 
webpage help 
java and script codes 


 
 
 
 
 

mauisun computers
 


welcome to my home....this site is dedicated to those who are in need of 

computer help,from beginners to advanced. we are a great bunch of people from
every country in the world, come together to just help others with whatever knowledge
we have to give. the idea is to help, or get help in any form. with enough people
coming together to do just that, our website will shine among all the others as a beacon
of light in the darkness. the live discussion board should be one of your first stops
on this site, there you can meet thousands of awesome people, and get any help you could 
possibly need all in one place. remember, i am here to help anyone who is being 

harassed,or hacked,or stalked by anyone on the internet. i am also here to help anyone
who simply wants help learning how their computer works. this is the one website you can go to
if you want to learn from people who are patient and enjoy teaching others how these great
machines called computers work. even if you are an advanced computer user, you will find 
topics of every kind on the discussion board to pique your interest. even if you just need

someone to talk to i am willing to offer whatever support i can give.over the 

years this site has become a haven for those who need help of anykind but don't 

want to be ridiculed or laughed at.if you have any special requests e-mail me 

and i will help when i can. i am here to help with any hardware or software 

problems you may have. i have alot of information and files to help if you are 

being harassed by hackers or anyone else on the internet. if you feel you need

help e-mail me immediately,or any of the associates on this website and we will 

help as soon as possible.if you wish to know about me or what i am about check 

out my personal page.i would appreciate some of you people leaving a message in 

my guestbook letting me know what you think of my website...and what else you 

might want to see here.if you are here to just start trouble or look for someone 

to harass this is definitely not the site for you. we are all here just to help 

anyone who needs it..i am dedicated to helping those who need help and whoever 

has the desire to learn.join us on the discussion board and make some friends today!..........sit back,relax,enjoy your stay with friends......mauisun 11/05/1997...........

 











made on: november 05, 1997 


 



 
if you can see this, your browser does not understand iframes. to see content click here: link
here is the recent happenings posts


                welcome to mauisun.org, your home away from home on the internet. we are a group
of people from all over the world come together to help anyone and everyone with whatever they need
and whatever we can offer. we have doctors, lawyers,judges,realtors,military people, vets,teachers
and everyone else from every walk of life helping to run this show. so as you can see, it is definitely
a one stop shop for anything and everything you can think of. we help everyone from the novice who just
turned on a computer for the first time to experts in every field so don't be intimidated by your
lack of knowledge in any field. the one thing you won't find on this site is hostility. we have a unique 
approach because we are a unique group of peolple. 
the live discussion board is second to none out there. if you ae looking for help of any kind, or want
to give others help, the live discussion board has over 70 forums with different subjects covering
just about every interest out there. both youth and adults come together to dicuss anything and everything
in a setting free from the garbage and hostility commonly found on most other discussion boards.
so please, feel free to join the live discussion boad today. i guarantee you won't be disappointed.
having said all that, this site is updated regularly with all kinds of neat thing meant to help others
so check back regularly and join the milions of other folks from around the world who have made
mauisun.org their home on the internet through the years!
                               aloha & mahalo for visiting
                                        mauisun

---------------------------------------
         




 










 







        

stuff 

about me and my picture


professional website designs


learn about

and defeat viruses


total 

home and business security


learn to 

program and other tutorials


protect

against and defeat hackers here



hot spot live chatlive discussion boardhot spot live chat

hot spot

live java style chat roomhot spot

hot spot

live mirc chat roomhot spot
childrens 

internet safety programs

network 

and tech support test study guides etc.


search 

the entire site here

mauisun & 

members e-commerce sites



new plain old-fashioned computer help

new


new awesome tutorials and helper texts

new

new mauisun's small business start-up community

new

compression utilities winzip (.zip files) winrar (.rar 

files) winarj (.arj files) winace (.ace files) 
( to download files on this site with internet explorer you need to change the options to pasv mode)

webmaster's free java scripts

please looksave the planet and great infoplease look

please lookmissing and exploited childrenplease look
women & minorities help
links 

to various sites

games
newgames just for kidsnew



 














 ok for those of you who want to keep this site free and around for many years to c

ome, we have come up with a few ways for you to do just that. here is a link to the forum in 

the discussion board with all the various methods usable to keep this site alive for the years 

to comehelp mauisun.org forum

 and we appreciate any help we get. this is a wonderful website, it has been here for years 

and with a little help from its users, will be here for may years to come. 
we will be working on an area of 

uploads strictly on the server so they will be links that don't go bad, really good top rated 

stuff,remember, this site is not about just any one person, it is about all of you, the users who keep 

it alive so do all you can,help pitch in to make this the most awesome site on the web to sit back, 

and enjoy your stay with friends...we have a neat little mauisun.org logo gift site that has t-shirts,

 coffee cups and mouse pads. all of the profits go back into this site so if you want to help the

cause and get some neat logo stuff too go here mauisun logo gift shop................mauisun
 








 for low cost quality web site hosting there is no better
    then these folks. if you want website hosting, want it to be
    low-cost with the best support anywhere i only give my personal
    thumbs up to these folks! starting at 2.95 a month with a ton
    of space to start with, trust me folks, use these people to host
    your website, i proudly do! use the link below to check them
    out for yourself. 5 stars from mauisun for this host!!!









 

i am very pleased to bring some more help to the site. something i have 

considered for years but am only just now getting a good enough group together 

that i trust. i will be adding a few more people as time goes by so if you feel 

you have something to add please e-mail me with your thoughts. here are the new 

associate webmasters and their specialties. feel free to e-mail them directly as

i am contact with them constantly and we will be working together to bring you

more of the help you need. i will be creating seperate pages for them in the

future but for now here is the new mauisun.org..............
 

mauisun.....webmaster (your host)mauisun@mauisun.org

amazonian....co-webmaster(spirituality/religion)amazonian@mauisun.org

lareezonit.....co-webmaster(deceased but honored here. rest in peace bro!)lareezonit@mauisun.org

gi joe.....co-webmaster(general operations)

gijoe@mauisun.org

cast2wind.....co-webmaster(musicians lounge)cast2wind@mauisun.org

t-bone.......co-webmaster(everything sports)
t-bone@mauisun.org
desert rat.....co-webmaster(website security)desertrat@mauisun.org

 torez.........co-webmaster(discussion board operations)torez@mauisun.org

daxx.........co-webmaster(windows2000)daxx@mauisun.org

gw.......associate(software)
gw@mauisun.org

jahhbone.......associate(world political debates))
jahhbone@mauisun.org

wavesweeper.......associate(windows2000)
wavesweeper@mauisun.org

indigo.......associate(musicians lounge)
indigo@mauisun.org

sh@do.......associate(satellite tv)
sh@do@mauisun.org

digital.......associate(everything graphical)
digital@mauisun.org

joshua.......associate(the 5th element)
joshua@mauisun.org
silverducayne.......associate(graphics)
silverducayne@mauisun.org

tdierikx.......associate(resident dog lover)
tdierikx@mauisun.org

worker bee.......associate(discussion board ops)
workerbee@mauisun.org

jomo.......associate(resident parent)
jomo@mauisun.org

iggy.......associate(resident good guy)
iggy@mauisun.org

mungojerry......associate(eloquent elocutioner)
mungojerry@mauisun.org
if you are going to send e-mail to the associates make sure you put 

mauisun.org in the header for the message so they know who you are and why you 

are e-mailing them!!!

 









 





i have added a few search engines here

to help those who need it... if link is not working just click here to go to the site astalavistato search 

  now just go here search here


other box network projects

black 

      box - security, computer, and 

      various informational electronic magazine http://black.box.sk/

 

'neworder' - 

      the link/files database of h/p/v texts, utilities, exploits, security: http://neworder.box.sk/

 

gameguru - 

      search for your favourite game's review, preview, cheat or demo... 

      monitoring most of big gaming sites: http://gameguru.box.sk/


 

...the ultimate metasearch 

      for your favourite game review, previews, cheat or demo. spidering the 

      hundreds of gaming websites...

search engine for 

      mp3 songs: http://mp3.box.sk/


 
...the mp3 search 

      engine...

thrax - 

      computer music composing & tracking: http://thrax.box.sk/

 

linux.box - the 

      news and apps guide to linux operating system: http://linux.box.sk/


  
...linux application finder 

      - performs search in linux.box, freshmeat and linux software map in one. 

      enter one or more words to search 

for...





sign my guestbook  view my guestbook


 


 

                       



 


mauisun's visitors as of 11/05/97



email: mauisun@mauisun.org

icq #8117058









this website, it's owner, and all of its administration does not now, nor ever shall bow to terrorism, terrorists nor to anyone who would
prey on the weak. we, the american peoples shall never forget! god bless this wonderful nation, god bless the american peoples, god bless america




privacy policy
