







carem management services





































































































              about us
            

            leadership
          



            services
          

            careers
          

            contact us
          






















































































about usleadership







five generations of caring




servicescareerscontact us









scroll






  

encourage.

  







  

what we believehealthcare is predictably unpredictable—many patients recover quickly, others experience complications, and some unexpectedly decline.  that’s why carem believes that healthcare providers should create services that revolve around patients, not the other way around.  the where and what of the care we provide—our people, our places, our processes—are all about meeting the changing needs of the who.  what we docarem brings healthcare management services to a family of companies that provide patient-centered senior, post-acute and home-based care. these services are primarily available to patients in their own homes [more].

   

why we do itat carem, we believe that this period of life deserves light, laughter and love. by encouraging our patients to live to their fullest capabilities and nurturing the courage that lives within them, we chase away the shadows with solace, dignity and strength.in short, we seek to bring out the courage in others.

 




    







  

historythe founders of carem have maintained a family tradition of providing healthcare that spans nearly 100 years, from the sanitariums of the early days to the patient centered array of services offered today.this latest iteration began nearly twenty years ago, when carem set out to create and maintain its first full senior,  post-acute and home-based healthcare network.  this was well before most had heard of accountable care organizations, bundled payments, or gain sharing.  it was born of the idea that there had to be a more person-centered way to provide care services to seniors - one where the healthcare services package actually fit the patients’ needs, instead of the other way around.

  




  









about intro



our mission and goals



quote



our story



join








 








































privacy policycontact usintranet




powered by squarespace









