


moses graphite | sound tools for the 21st century











































 













sound composites 'strings' parts





 
technical info
              all of the supportinformation thatyou need            




 
sonusphere live performance loudspeakers
              ... play outside the box to get the absolutely most realistic sound!            




 
company history
              moses innovation over the decades            




 
contact/ordering
              contact us, we are here to serve youphone: (001) 541-484-6068email: orders@mosesgraphite.com            





skip to content
sound composites ‘strings’ partstechnical infohow accurate is what you read on the internet?about carbon fiberabout phenolic and sound composites fingerboardssonusphere live performance loudspeakerscompany historycontact/ordering

 










moses llc now offers sonusphere speakers
and sound composites classical stringed instrument products. we have
now ceased all production of electric guitar and electric bass necks, and have no old stock.

our new phone number is (001) 541-683-6052
future-focused moses product lines now include:
– classical strings goods, with an emphasis on wood-alternative violin
family fingerboards manufactured by sound composites;
www.soundcomposites.com
– high fidelity, flat response, wide dispersion live performance
loudspeaker systems produced by sonusphere;
www.sonuspeaker.com
check out the fabulous-sounding & revolutionary sonushpere speakers, www.sonuspeaker.com

 and sound composites classical strings, through link in menu above.   


 
moses llc, including sound composites and sonusphere,  began research on our products in 1980. moses products were first shown at winter namm, 1989.   since then we have become a top leader of sound improvement products in the music industry.  we constantly innovate to improve our product technologies.  join us in our continuing quest …
 
we enjoy speaking with manufacturers, builders and players.  but due to logistics we prefer to service your initial requests for customer service, information and orders by email: orders@soundcomposites.com and orders@sonuspeaker.com… a concise, reliable and reviewable method of communication, 24/7.  moses llc looks forward to providing you the best in both service and products.
moses llc products are the first and only to make composites friendly to both installers and players, and sound truly natural. our professional-grade products are technically sound and sonically superior to all other such products offered worldwide.
your performance pro-visions perfected… sound tools for the 21st century


 







 over the past 29 years moses has satisfied a tremendous variety of music industry carbon fiber-based instrument neck applications.  
 






 high quality and accurate sound reproduction is the gold standard.  that has always been and remains what we provide to you with all of our products.
 
continuing innovations
now as of june 20, 2018, in concert with our consistent focus on innovation and the future of sound, moses product lines include sound composites classical strings parts as well as sonusphere high fidelity live performance loudspeaker systems.  










home
technical info
contact/ordering


        website content © moses graphite, all rights reserved





















