





































    
    new book releases | urban books media | united states
  
  















            
     www.urbanbooks.net


      home



  urban books


   2024 urban books



  2023 urban books



  2022 urban books



  2021 urban books



  2020 urban books



  2019 urban books



  2018 urban books





  urban books media



  submissions














    
 





       



 
   
  


    









 
      watch the family business new orleans on bet+. new episodes each and every thursday night!






 
      available everywhere books are sold.

  new books!


 







 
      february 2025 titles


     family business 7

 the three queens

 catching feelings


 

   carl weber with c. n. phillips


keep up with the duncan family down south as we travel to new orleans in the family business 7. operated by the same family for more than a century, the midnight blues may be fun for the locals and tourists, but as of late, the casino has created lots of headaches for its owner, big shirley duncan. with her son, marquis, and her brother, floyd, by her side, shirley goes into self-preservation mode after a body is discovered in one of her high-stakes rooms at the casino. the dead man’s brother is jean leblanc, a notorious nola crime boss with the violent crescent boys gang under his control. if jean finds out his brother died at the midnight blues, they will all be in grave danger.   shirley will do anything to protect her family and her legacy. with the assistance of a crooked cop and a corrupt mayor, they move the body to another location and give jean leblanc a false story about his brother’s death. shirley still doesn’t trust that her family is in the clear and decides to send marquis out of town until things cool off.  marquis has other plans, however, and enlists some muscle. his cousins curtis duncan and his sister, lauryn, both well trained in mercenary skills, come to new orleans for backup. their mother, nee nee duncan, tags along, not knowing that she’s about to have a surprise reunion of her own in new orleans. when a witness comes forward to tell jean that he saw the duncans moving his brother’s body, shirley and her family find themselves in the crosshairs. hunted by the crescent boys and running out of time, the duncans will have to pull out all the stops to save the blues and clear their names before jean tears it all down.      

  family business 7





 

   c. n. phillips


beautiful, charismatic, and deadly, these three women are bound by blood to do whatever it takes to stay afloat and keep each other alive.  aries: the oldest sister and reluctantly responsible for cleaning up her sisters’ messes. she is trying to juggle her career and a new romance with a charming stranger. when she learns of her mother’s betrayal of the family, it complicates things further.   kema: the middle sister and hothead. she works in the fashion industry but takes after her father with her love for the drug game. with her cousin remy, she is in training to take over the family empire. mynk: the troublemaker little sister. she has always been known to act first and think never. her impulsiveness puts her family in danger when she becomes involved with a man with ulterior motives. when their father’s cancer makes him too weak to run his drug empire, rivals and wannabes are rushing to fill that void at the top. these sisters will have to overcome their grief to defend the family business and stay alive.    

  the three queens





 

   la jill hunt


three siblings, three lives, one quest for true love, and a whole lot of drama in between. national bestselling author la jill hunt once again tells an entertaining tale as only she can and explores the ins and outs of what happens when you’re “catching feelings.” for some people, the act of finding their soul mate, falling in love, and living happily ever after is inevitable. sabrina chambers is determined to be one of those people. she knows that there is someone out there just as amazing as she is, and when it comes to love, she refuses to settle for less. sabrina doesn’t have a problem finding a man or keeping one, but when you’re talking about marriage, a girl has to have standards, right? but with four broken engagements—all by her choice, of course—it may be time to reevaluate things.   sabrina’s older sister, tennille, is married. her husband brandon is a good man with a good job, plus he’s a great provider for his wife and his stepson. the problem is, tennille isn’t in love with him—never has been and never will be, and after faking the funk for years, she’s miserable. despite her failing marriage, tennille’s business is growing. and now, she has the opportunity to expand even more, but she needs a partner to make it happen. the good news is, she’s found one. the bad news is, it’s not the man she married, but the one she should have.  their brother nick has it going on, and he knows it. being single with no kids, a great job with benefits, and owning his own home makes him a hot commodity, in addition to his being fine as hell. nick goes through women like bottled water, having no desire to commit to anyone. he made that mistake once, and, although he tried not to, he ended up hurting not only one person but two. now, the only vow he plans on making is never to allow that to happen again. he may soon discover that he isn’t as strong as he thought he was.  

  catching feelings













 
     


   cant miss titles



  






 
      january 2025 titles


     this time baby

 chosen by a jamaican bad boy

 no more mr. nice guy


 

   roy glenn


some might say that khalil paterson is living his best life. kendrick nance and jack dandridge are both dead, and he is now the boss. but he still has what’s left of kojo’s operation to worry about. it’s time to turn his attention and firepower to shutting them down and taking over their market.  “and this time, i won’t make the stupid mistake of fuckin’ with mike black.” after eliminating drew mack, kevin franklin, jackson hill, and sienna petrocelli, shanice hardaway—a.k.a. former nypd officer veronica isley—has taken over what’s left of kojo’s operation. now, it is time to grow her business and take it to the next level.  “and this time, i won’t be stupid enough to make an enemy of the family.” bored with marriage and hating her job at the anchor desk, carmen taylor is vacationing in nassau with jada west. so, when jada suggests they take a trip to spain, carmen is all in.  “and this time, we will not get ourselves arrested.” the mike black series continues, with some of roy glenn’s most memorable characters making moves in their quest for power, hoping to avoid the mistakes of the past. 

  this time baby





 

   racquel williams


zeke and khallani seem like the perfect couple, but in a short time, their lives are turned upside down. khallani’s love for her man is tested when she makes the unthinkable decision to become his ride-or-die chick in a quest for what her heart desires—love. but at what price? she quickly realizes things are not what they seem. this young thug’s life is filled with secrets and betrayal. can her love for him weather the storm, or will she run for shelter? jamaican-born zeke is one of richmond’s richest dope boys. looking for a way out of a failed relationship, he pursues khallani. however, with darkness looming over his life and his strong ties to the streets, it’s hard for him to fully commit. zeke’s pain becomes unbearable after he loses his lifeline. he is incapable of giving love when his heart has become hard as a brick. betraying the only woman who loves him will cost him dearly. his world is about to turn upside down, and he soon realizes revenge is a dish best served cold. 

  chosen by a jamaican bad boy





 

   carl weber with stephanie covington


ripped from the pages of his new york times 
bestselling family business series, carl weber brings you no more mr. nice guy, the origin of niles monroe, the super-bad hitman who will one day become paris duncan’s one true love.niles has just returned from eight years of serving his country as a special forces sniper. he’s looking forward to a consulting job with dynamic defense and spending time with his family, including his bipolar mother, lorna, and his hard-drinking uncle, willie. what niles doesn’t know is that dynamic defense is actually a cia front. he’s not interested in joining them, but they won’t take no for an answer.bridget st. john is one of the most beautiful women niles has ever met, and she is also the most deadly. it is her job to recruit niles to the dynamic defense team by any means necessary. when niles is arrested for a murder he does not commit, bridget makes him an offer he can’t refuse: working for dynamic defense in exchange for his freedom. with niles on board, bridget begins to train him in ways he never imagined. sometimes, however, the student becomes the teacher. before she realizes what’s happening, bridget falls in love. when circumstances in his personal life collide with his work, niles is forced to use his military skills to protect those closest to him.fans are sure to appreciate this action-packed thriller that delivers love, drama, and suspense with weber’s trademark flair for unexpected twists and turns. 

  no more mr. nice guy













 
     december 2024

     my woman his wife

 pretty hustlaz

 everything is love


 

   anna j.


many women are not willing to go the extra mile to please their men. for most, inviting someone into their bedroom is totally out of the question. any normal woman would flip if her man even thought about trying a threesome with another woman. jasmine cinque is that woman and more. wife of five years and mother of four-year-old twins, jasmine is the career woman, mentor, and mother all wrapped up in a neat little package. her husband james is making big bucks at a national news station, and they are really living it up. it’s not until james pressures jasmine into having a threesome that their once “happy” lives get turned into nothing but drama. monica, the third leg in the group, has her own plans in mind, and james is not included. will monica leave well enough alone, or will she go after what she wants? only time will tell, as you go through the drama of a husband and wife and the chick on the side, who will fit in by any means necessary. the question is, who will jasmine choose in the end? 

  my woman his wife





 

   blake karrington 


hustle: to obtain by forceful action or persuasion.  meet the ladies of pretty hustlaz, inc., a high-class escort service that caters to the most elite and powerful men of charlotte, north carolina. from politicians to sports stars, all desire to be placed on p.h.i.’s privileged clientele list—a list that allows access to the most desirable and exotic women who also know how to please. these ladies are about their hustle in every sense of the word.  dillion has always had a hustler mentality. after dropping out of college in her second year, she links up with an old childhood friend, and together they form pretty hustlaz, inc. in this line of business, she sees it all. the madam can’t help but wonder if what she witnesses behind the closed doors of her mansion keeps her from entirely giving herself to a committed relationship.  dillion has worked hard to stay out of the limelight and keep those closest to her from discovering what she truly does for a living. when the two people she least expects become aware of her secrets—one of whom could send her away for a long time—she begins to feel the walls closing in as she desperately tries to cover her tracks. will dillion be able to sidestep the turmoil that her business could unleash, or will she have to face the consequences once the truth comes to light? find out in this first look behind the walls of pretty hustlaz!  

  pretty hustlaz





 

   aubreé pynn 


dakari summers has returned home after two years of attempting to heal from an unexpected betrayal. with his new contract, new team, and reconnection with his college friends, he has made a vow to himself: he will never fall in love again. but life back home has different plans for him, and they are going to shake him to his core.  baylee alexander has finally come out of hiding from the shambles left behind after a grave mistake shifted her view on life and love. as she attempts to rid herself of the baggage she carries, her sights are set on work, the perfect distraction. with her dreams under attack, she takes a leap of faith that lands her in a situation she isn’t prepared for. a whirlwind romance develops, and dakari and baylee can’t help falling for each other. how long will it last when the skeletons of the past start to tumble out of the closets they thought they had sealed? find out if dakari and baylee can surpass all the odds in everything is love. 

  everything is love

















        paper_plane
  




keep in touch sign up and stay up-to-date about what's happening urban books!  
   first name

 new field:

 new field:

 





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later




    

www.urbanbooks.net
















































































































  
  share by:








