




traditional and practical training in martial arts reality | shuyokan ryu martial arts center



































home


about

mission statement
our chief instructor
dye sensei's first sensei
shuyokan's affiliation with siaf

news & events

disclaimer and legal notices





martial arts

types of instruction

shuyokan ryu martial arts
aikido - the way of harmony
aikijutsu
aiki goshin jutsu
taiho jutsu

women's self-defense
taiho-44


samurai cop kids classes





history

history of shuyokan ryu
history of shuyokan's dojo name
dedication of shuyokan ryu
nidai soke of shuyokan ryu selected
historic shuyokan photos

shihan otto johnson





documentation

letter, police chief, galt pd
letter, president bill clinton
letter, army special forces
proclamation - costa mesa
aikido document, tokyo





members

calendar of events
information for members
articles
testing techniques
black belt rank registry
youth aikido rank registry
philosophy of the black belt
a word about obstacles
book & videos


member login





shuyokai

general information
united states
international

application form
listing fee
listing information form

shusuikan dojo dedication



links
contact











traditional and practical training in martial arts reality








video notes:

click/tap anywhere on the video to start and stop it.
click/tap middle icon to play fullscreen: .
press the 'escape' key or click/tap anywhere outside the popup window to close it.
if you close the popup window before the video has finished playing, either let it finish playing in the background or leave the page and then return.



video notes

the martial arts hall of fame presentsdavid dye – the samurai cop



 

 
				sorry - your browser does not play html5 videos.
			
press the 'esc' key or click/tap anywhere on the video to start and stop it. | click outside the popup window or here to close it.




			click on the image above to view the video.



the importance of taking breakfalls



 

 
				sorry - your browser does not play html5 videos.
			
press the 'esc' key or click/tap anywhere on the video to start and stop it. | click outside the popup window or here to close it.




			click on the image above to view a short video.
			(video by professor george kirby – camp budoshin 2011)
		


highlights from camp budoshin 2011



 

 
				sorry - your browser does not play html5 videos.
			
press the 'esc' key or click/tap anywhere on the video to start and stop it. | click outside the popup window or here to close it.




			click on the image above to view a 5 minute video.
			(video by professor george kirby – camp budoshin 2010)
		
 
 
 



 

sensei dye's 60th year in the martial arts celebration and banquet ...
... has taken place. view a photo of the attendees and a video commemorating the event here.


 
visit the reopening news page for more information and to download a pdf document titled, "modified extended class schedule and rules for attending classes".
• check out this page for the latest updates regarding our go fund me status.



 

			• important information for all shuyokan members, please read.
			• don't miss the photos in our history area or our 
				dojo news & events section.
			• announcing a website for the training of law enforcement personnel: taiho-44.
		


 


a munio self-defense workshop is a great way to learn how to be safer and better prepared if you are confronted with the threat of a potential violent or sexual assault confrontation that threatens us all. the name munio 
			(moon-yo) means, "i defend" or "i protect" and that's exactly what it can do for you and your loved ones. don't be a victim, be a survivor!
		

			this 2-hour non-martial arts workshop combines a self-defense education and hands-on practice using the munio designer self-defense keychain, a unique, attractive and effective personal safety accessory. 
			working hands-on in simulated attack scenarios, such as grabs, chokes, hair pulls and much more, you will learn and practice easy, natural and effective ways and methods to use munio that can rapidly disable an attacker 
			and help you to escape safely and unharmed.
		
download/view the munio self-defense workshop flier.

shuyokan - "serving costa mesa since 1980"

			there is no perfect martial art system. if there was, we would all be studying it. all martial art systems have something to offer and all have strengths and weaknesses. many of the techniques used for combat against warriors of the 17th 
			century cannot be used against the warriors of this century. weapons have changed and so have the rules of modern day combat. traditional training is important in a martial art, but we must also study the practical applications of the art 
			as it applies to the modern day warriors of our century. this is martial arts reality.
		
shuyokan offers classes for adults, youth, and law enforcement in practical applications of the traditional martial arts of yoshinkan aikido, kodokan judo, jujutsu and shotokan karate jutsu.
 
training is an investment in yourself and your family.
self-discipline is the best discipline.
 
 






video notes:

click/tap anywhere on the video to start and stop it.
click/tap middle icon to play fullscreen: .
press the 'escape' key or click/tap anywhere outside the popup window to close it.
if you close the popup window before the video has finished playing, either let it finish playing in the background or leave the page and then return.



video notes

the martial arts hall of fame presentsdavid dye – the samurai cop



 

 
				sorry - your browser does not play html5 videos.
			
press the 'esc' key or click/tap anywhere on the video to start and stop it. | click outside the popup window or here to close it.




			click on the image above to view the video.



the importance of taking breakfalls



 

 
				sorry - your browser does not play html5 videos.
			
press the 'esc' key or click/tap anywhere on the video to start and stop it. | click outside the popup window or here to close it.




			click on the image above to view a short video.
			(video by professor george kirby – camp budoshin 2011)
		


highlights from camp budoshin 2011



 

 
				sorry - your browser does not play html5 videos.
			
press the 'esc' key or click/tap anywhere on the video to start and stop it. | click outside the popup window or here to close it.




			click on the image above to view a 5 minute video.
			(video by professor george kirby – camp budoshin 2010)
		
 
 
 




 
shuyokan sayings

				"even though surrounded by several enemies set to attack, fight with the thought that they are but one." -- ueshiba			


				  •  copyright © 1999 - 2025				  •  international shuyokan ryu federation u.s.a.
				  •  all rights reserved
				  •  contact the webmaster with any problems, questions, or comments.
				  •  website design & hosting by phase one website design



 
 




latest news
posted: mar 24, 2021
 
join the shuyokan membership drive!
 







 














