





america’s toughest trailers and lugger hoists | the ace advantage





  



































 









1300 00 123info@builder.com.auproductsroll-off trailers25′ roll off32′ roll-off36′ roll off40′ roll-off27′ sliding suspension & b-train systemcanadian roll-offlugger trucks & trailersace lugger hoist trailerace super seriesace utility seriescrushed car trailersingle drop car haulerdouble drop car haulerintermodal trailers20′ intermodal dump trailer40′ intermodal dump trailerdump trailersace rock trailertransfer trailerswireless remote controlservicepartstarping systemsabout usthe ace advantagetestimonialsresourcesdownloadsace roll-off trailer specificationsnewsresourcesmarketplacecontact




request a quotequote1800 578 8471 



lightest weight roll-off trailers best luggers hoists ... period don't settle for less roll-off trailersace frameless roll-off trailers have transformed the scrap and demolition industry by providing a feather-light and extremely rugged roll-off trailer.read morelugger trucks & trailersace lugger trucks and trailers are the best in the industry… period.read morecrushed car trailersbuilt from the ground up or on any new or used flatbed trailer. ace car trailers are built specifically for each customer and application.read moreintermodal trailersace intermodal trailer chassis, the fastest way to load and unload your intermodal containers.read moredump trailersace dump trailers are work horses designed to deal with the harshest environments possible.read moresteel transfer trailersace has built steel transfer trailers for over 50 years.read moremanufacturing the strongest in the industry since 1938.proven performance for the long haul.committed to building innovative products that increase your payload and profits, ace has built the strongest, lightest and longest-lasting trailers on the market for more than 75 years. let our four generations of experience help your company achieve maximum payload and profit.
serving all 50 states, canada and mexico. ask how we can help your business grow.
call us today 1800 578 8471manufacturing the strongest in the industry since 1938.committed to building innovative products that increase your payload and profits, ace has built the strongest, lightest and longest-lasting trailers on the market for more than 75 years. let our four generations of experience help your company achieve maximum payload and profit.
serving all 50 states, canada and mexico. ask how we can help your business grow.
call us today  800 578 8471view our youtube channelrequest a quote#1 in safetylightest tare weight trailerbest weight distributionnever tippednever broken frameremote controlfor the past 30 years, ace has been continually working to perfect the ultimate scrap hauling roll-off trailer.  our ace roll-off trailer has truly become the industry’s most reliable and highest producing roll-off trailer.  we strive to give our customers a roll-off trailer that will haul the most legal payload of any trailer.  testimonials  “i want to thank you and your team for bringing the art 60-40 roll-off trailer to our attention. although our drivers (and some of our managers!) were skeptical at first, they have all been won over. the light weight, durability and balance are an exceptional combination, and the length allows us to control our “bridge” compliance while maximizing payload. this trailer is a real winner for us.”
 jim picillo, vp/coo, mervis industries, inc. danville, il“demolition isn’t typically glamorous work. our mack road tractors have to crawl, squirrel and creep into tough spots on frequent occasions, and once loaded, it’s time to drag that load back out. hauling those loads are our ace roll-off trailers. these are one well built, tough piece of equipment. we work them hard, yet the maintenance and upkeep are minimal. brother’s knows how to build roll-offs.” 
richard l. swartz, fleet manager d.h. griffin companies"we spent a lot of time researching the roll off trailers available. 
this is the best unit we have ever used!
well done!"
clinton weinstein, m&m waste atlanta, ga“the staff at ace roll-off trailers has been exceptional. especially during this time of unpredictability with regards to supplies and labor. you guys stepped up big time! we can't wait to introduce this unit to our customers!!”
  john lancour, vp, friedland industries, inc. lansing, mi that is one heck of a trailer. the driver has run many other makes during his career and he loves that trailer. the remote just makes it so much faster and allows for all kinds of small adjustments while loading. a++++
doug beaupre
managing partner
resource recovery
thompson, ctin 50 years of using lugger trucks in our business; we have had every brand of lugger. our last few luggers have been from ace. we will always buy ace luggers going forward 
rick hosford wolverine scrap metal -- grand rapids, mi manufacturing the strongest in the industry since 1938.proven performance for the long haul.committed to building innovative products that increase your payload and profits, ace has built the strongest, lightest and longest-lasting trailers on the market for more than 75 years. let our four generations of experience help your company achieve maximum payload and profit.
serving all 50 states, canada and mexico. ask how we can help your business grow.
call us today 1800 578 8471ace custom-manufactures the strongest and lightest roll-off trailers, lugger hoists, car haulers, transfer trailers, dump trailers, and specialty trailers in the industry.a four-generation, family-owned company, brothers equipment began manufacturing ace trailers in 1938. with a combined over 60 years experience, owners jason & drew jurek have been committed to building innovative products that increase your payload and profits. ace has built the strongest, lightest and longest-lasting trailers on the market for more than 70 years. 
in 2012, jason’s eldest son lee joined the company to help take the sales and marketing side of operations to another level. jason’s youngest son, devin joined ace in 2015 to help streamline production based on his experience in aerospace manufacturing. 
combining jason & drew’s knowledge and experience and lee and devin's fresh ideas, ace expects to continue its growth and further its world-class customer service and offer the best products available.




see our trucksmarketplacefind a dealersee our truckspartsfind a dealerkeep up to date with acesubscribe to our newsletter and we will inform you about our newest projects and promotions.subscribecontact 1335 e 171st street,
cleveland, ohio 44110
ph: 1 800 578 8471 
fx: 1 216 458 0330 
sales@theaceadvantage.com

search


 
search


copyright ©  ace brothers equipment. all rights reserved.  privacy policy   |   terms of servicecreated by the ausmer marketing team.

productsroll-off trailers

25′ roll off trailer
32′ roll-off trailer
36′ roll off trailer
40′ roll-off trailer
27′ sliding suspension & b-train system
canadian roll-off trailer


lugger trucks & trailers

ace lugger hoist trailer
ace super series
ace utility series


crushed car trailer

single drop car hauler
double drop car hauler


intermodal trailers

20′ intermodal dump trailer
40′ intermodal dump trailer


dump trailers

ace rock trailer


transfer trailers
wireless remote control
productsroll-off trailers25′ roll off32′ roll-off36′ roll off40′ roll-off27′ sliding suspension & b-train systemcanadian roll-offlugger trucks & trailersace lugger hoist trailerace super seriesace utility seriescrushed car trailersingle drop car haulerdouble drop car haulerintermodal trailers20′ intermodal dump trailer40′ intermodal dump trailerdump trailersace rock trailertransfer trailerswireless remote controlservicepartstarping systemsabout usthe ace advantagetestimonialsresourcesdownloadsace roll-off trailer specificationsnewsresourcesmarketplacecontactsearchsubmitclear






* indicates required

email address  *




first name 



last name 



company 





 







 

 
 





























