




department of ophthalmology | department of ophthalmology













































































skip to the end of the utility bar



unc school of medicine



unc chapel hill

unc health

intranet

login









skip to main content











search_for:


search




      search this site

      search unc school of medicine


  make a gift to unc eye

 








toggle navigation




department of ophthalmology



home
patients 

clinical specialties
appointments
clinic locations
unc optical shop
eye care resources


physicians 

clinical specialties
important numbers
unc carelink


education 

residency program
fellowship programs
medical student rotations


research 

clinical research
basic research
carolina eye research institute
research news


faculty & staff 

clinical faculty
scientific research faculty
faculty emeritus
administrative staff
ophthalmic imaging


news 

department news
unc eye magazine
unc ophthalmology employee newsletter


global health
unc eye symposium 

2025 symposium: overview
distinguished guest speakers
physician registration
technician registration


 



 



 
 recent news news and press coverage from across the department of ophthalmology including updates for patients, faculty, and our students. view more 
match day 2025: unc eye welcomes the class of 2029!match day 2025 has arrived and we’re thrilled to present the four highly achieved m4s who comprise unc ophthalmology’s class of 2029! our newest class of next-generation ophthalmologists will commence their four-year training experience at unc in july when they begin their internship with unc internal medicine mid-year. residency program director alice zhang, md, stated: …read morefebruary is age-related macular degeneration awareness month!the leading cause of vision loss and blindness in americans ages 65 years and older — age-related macular degeneration (amd) —  is frequently overshadowed by two leading causes of blindness — cataract and glaucoma — that affect all age groups worldwide. elderly adults routinely narrow their focus to watch for signs of cataracts and glaucoma. …read morejoin us at the 2025 unc eye symposium!physician registration is now open for the 2025 unc eye symposium! this annual conference is designed to update ophthalmologists, optometrists, ophthalmic technicians, and photographers on the latest evidence-based diagnostic and medical/surgical approaches to comprehensive eye care and treating ocular disorders and disease.read more 


department of ophthalmology


patient care


education


research

 





attention referring providers: as part of our ongoing efforts to improve communication and streamline the referral process, we are transitioning to unc carelink as the exclusive platform for managing referrals starting march 17, 2025. after this date, we will no longer accept faxed referrals.  click here for more details.
unc ophthalmology encourages patients visiting unc kittner eye center and all other unc health outpatient locations to come alone to appointments as you are able, in support of our physical distancing efforts. to request prescription refills, communicate with your doctor or make an appointment, visit my unc chart.

who we are
unc department of ophthalmology has an unwavering mission to improve the health of our patients through providing the highest-quality clinical care, pioneering new approaches to treat and prevent eye disease, and educating the next generation of ophthalmologists through our residents and fellows program.
our primary patient care location — unc kittner eye center — is named for david kittner, a native of north carolina, proud alumnus, and long-time donor to the university of north carolina.  mr. kittner earned a business degree from the university of north carolina in 1939. he served his country in the united states army and then earned a law degree from the university of pennsylvania. throughout his distinguished legal career in philadelphia, his alma mater remained a point of pride for mr. kittner.  in 1988, he established a scholarship at unc in memory of his parents. twenty years later, he endowed a fund to create the unc kittner eye center in 2011, which serves patients from north carolina and beyond via the clinical excellence of unc department of ophthalmology eye specialists. mr. kittner also donated funds to establish a distinguished professorship in ophthalmology at unc. his spirit and legacy lives on through the kittner family’s generous support for unc ophthalmology interests and initiatives.
patient care
unc department of ophthalmology welcomes patients and their families to supportive and collegial clinic environments. the clinical expertise of our highly trained eye specialists and excellence in customer service of our staff ensures those we care for have exceptional patient experience. our abiding values include reaching and caring for underserved populations and providing new and proven treatments to patients from north carolina and beyond at our six regional outpatient locations and unc hospitals hillsborough campus.
education
the unc department of ophthalmology began training residents in ophthalmology in 1956. we offer our resident physicians, fellows, and medical students a robust learning experience via current, comprehensive didactic and hands-on teaching. our goal is to produce leaders in the field of ophthalmology who are medically, surgically, and culturally competent. the department trains four residents per class, offering them rigorous, hands-on medical and surgical involvement in high-volume comprehensive and complex patient cases toward achieving medical and surgical competence in ophthalmology.
we strive to preserve an environment that fosters innovation and progress through action-directed dialogue and strong mentoring. we strive to incorporate the most innovative and medically relevant teaching resources available at unc and beyond. we offer continuing education opportunities to our colleagues in ophthalmology and other medical fields to ensure quality patient care throughout north carolina.
research
the national federation of the blind reports that nearly 7.3 million people in the united states have a visual disability. in north carolina, 254,000 individuals live with a visual disability. only 40% of those with visual disabilities are employed. imagine if research could improve vision, prevent eye disease, enable people at risk for visual impairment to prevent and delay blindness and offer those with visual impairment the opportunities that many of us take for granted.
this is what we imagine at unc and it is why we established the carolina eye research institute. this dynamic institute is a leading translational research entity in discovering new treatments, delivering innovative methods to restore sight, and performing thoughtful clinical trials.
our research team is working on projects in gene therapy and nanotechnology for retinal disease, macular degeneration glaucoma, and corneal disease. we have been successful in establishing proof of concept in rare diseases and have applied successful research results to treating a range of eye disease. all of our research is translational and benefits from the collaborative relationships we have with colleagues in other fields and institutions. patients at unc benefit from these discoveries and are routinely offered the opportunity to participate in clinical trials.


make an appointment call (984) 974-2020 to schedule an appointment at any unc ophthalmology outpatient clinic, or go to the my unc chart “visits” page.

 contact the unc optical shop at 984-974-2039. 

 
 
 
find a doctor 









     




scheduling office monday – friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
phone: 984-974-2020

administrative office unc bioinformatics building
cb# 7040
phone: 919-966-5296
our locations

follow us!twitter
instagram
 











 © 2025 department of ophthalmology

accessibility
privacy statement
intranet


notice of privacy practices
aviso de practicas privadas
nondiscrimination notice
aviso de no discriminacion


surprise billing and good faith estimate notices
avisos de facturas médicas sorpresas y avisos de presupuestos de buena fe















 


