


tattoo supply, surgical assemblies from lsp needles









  

        tattoo supply, surgical assemblies from lsp 

        needles



lsp needles offer superior quality and are available at very competitive 

        prices. tattoo needles, tattoo supply, electrolysis probes, suture needles, 

        piercing needles, surgical instruments and assemblies - all currently 

        available from:

        lakeside special products ltd (lsp).


        we are currently looking for distributor's covering our range of quality 

        products including tattoo needles and supply, please contact us for further 

        details. our volume discount prices offer very attractive margins for 

        our growing number of world-wide agents.


        free samples for new customers - want to try our products before you buy? 

        no problem, simply fill out the order form and 

        forward it to us (after printing a copy), please state clearly which products 

        are of intrest - tattoo supply ect. you can fax it, post it or email us 

        at the address below, or why not just give us a call. please note - samples 

        of needles can/will only be forwarded to a confirmed business address.
























































in 

          addition to our standard range of items, many customer specials are 

          produced to drawings or samples as required. all of our products undergo 

          strict inspection procedures which ensures a quality item each time. 

          we only use materials of the highest standard which offers our customers 

          a guarantee of consistency and reliability.





thank 

          you for visiting our web site, why not use our order 

          form
to request free samples/further details.

          our products are 1st class quality and available at unbeatable prices.
lakeside 

          special products ltd
the rubicon centre

          broadground road

          lakeside industrial estate

          redditch, worcs,
 

          b98 8yp. england


          tel. (0)1527 520894 fax. (0)1527 528465

          email : sales@lsp-needles.com






