





weighing, feeding, pneumatic & mechanical conveying, air filtration
















































            schenck process becomes qlar! click here to discover more about our qlar purpose.
        






main







home






home





industries





                    chemicals
                



                            batteries
                        



                            catalysts
                        



                            fertilizers & agrichemicals
                        



                            home & personal care
                        



                            paint & coatings, additives & colorants
                        



                            adhesives & sealants
                        



                            see all chemicals
                        





                    performance materials
                



                            compounds
                        



                            polyolefins
                        



                            masterbatch
                        



                            bioplastics
                        



                            film
                        



                            recycling
                        



                            see all performance materials
                        





                    infrastructure
                



                            cement
                        



                            steelmaking
                        



                            yard logistics & rail
                        



                            see all infrastructure
                        





                    circular economy
                



                            alternative fuels
                        



                            chemical recycling
                        



                            see all circular economy
                        





                    energy
                



                            coal- & coke-fired power plants
                        



                            biomass-fired power plants
                        



                            see all energy
                        





see all industries





technologies





                    weighing
                



                            static & dynamic scales
                        



                            mass flow meters
                        



                            see all weighing
                        





                    feeding
                



                            gravimetric & volumetric feeders / loading
                        



                            see all feeding
                        





                    conveying
                



                            pneumatic conveying
                        



                            mechanical conveying
                        



                            bulk material handling / intaking & transfer
                        



                            airlocks, valves & chutes
                        



                            see all conveying
                        





                    milling & grinding
                



                            mills
                        



                            see all milling & grinding
                        





                    filtration
                



                            air separators
                        



                            see all filtration
                        





                    smart process control
                



                            coniq control
                        



                            see all smart process control
                        





                    condition monitoring
                



                            coniq cloud
                        



                            coniq monitor
                        



                            multirail test bench
                        



                            multirail train monitoring
                        



                            see all condition monitoring
                        





                    software automation
                



                            logiq
                        



                            see all software automation
                        





see all technologies





services











                    how can we be of service to you?
                
when it comes to mission-critical processes you need a partner you can rely on 100% to deliver the fully-tailored service concepts that not just keep your business running – but keep it running to optimum.





                    repairs, spares & upgrades
                



                    support & consulting
                



                    installation
                



                    monitoring & prevention
                



                    training
                



                    testing
                






digitalization





                    our vision
                
find out more about the vision of our digital future and strategy here.



                    digital transformation
                
find out how qlar is implementing the digital transformation internally and which digitalization steps we are taking with our customers.



                    digital ecosystem
                
our numerous applications interlock and form a digital ecosystem that offers individual optimization options for all process steps.



                    insights
                
take a look at the numerous internal and external activities of qlar in the field of digitalization.






our company





                    about us
                
we are qlar – and we have a passion for solving complex challenges that runs through our dna. discover how our passion drives every aspect of our process for transforming your processes.



                    sustainability
                
for us, there is no greater challenge than helping to ensure a sustainable future for the world we’re a part of. discover how we’re doing our part for a better tomorrow.



                    career
                
if you share our passion for solving challenges then you should explore your opportunities with us.  we offer a broad range of rewarding careers to match every ambition.



                    press & media
                



                            press releases
                        



                            stories
                        



                            exhibitions
                        



                            media library
                        



                            brochures
                        





                    knowledge hub
                



                            green cement
                        



                            green steel
                        



                            plastics recycling
                        



                            yard management
                        








online shop











                    qlar online shop
                

                    <p>welcome to the qlar online shop, your one-stop destination for weighing components and spare parts dedicated to our weighing and feeding equipment.</p><p>our online platform offers a comprehensive selection of high-quality components designed to ensure the precision and reliability of your industrial weighing processes. from load cells to controllers and everything in between, our shop provides a wide range of genuine spare parts and components engineered to maximize the performance of your equipment. explore our user-friendly catalog, find the perfect fit for your specific needs, and elevate the efficiency of your operations with confidence.</p>
                





                            weighing components
                        



                            spare parts
                        



                            trainings
                        



                            configurators
                        




                        register now
                    
















close




locations



                    locations worldwide
                



                    sales agents
                














close

















en

chevron icon






close




choose a language



                        english
                    



                        deutsch
                    



                        中文
                    



                        日本語
                    



                        español
                    




























                                        accelerating our green transformation journey
                                    
learn more in our 2023 sustainability report










                                        the future is cirqlar!
                                    
discover more about our qlar purpose















                                        empowering customers through digital transformation
                                    
making your life easier with our intelligent digital solutions







contact us













driving smarter material processing
we are your global partner that lives the sustainable transformation of your processes. always going the extra mile, we find the best solutions for your individual process challenges – that is our passion.
have you got a challenge for us?
contact us





























industry





technology












chemicals


batteries


catalyst


fertilizers & agrichemicals


home & personal care


paint & coatings, additives & colorants


adhesives & sealants










performance materials


compounds


polyolefins


masterbatch


bioplastics


film


recycling










infrastructure


cement


steelmaking


yard logistics & rail










circular economy


alternative fuels


chemical recycling










energy


coal- & coke-fired power plants


biomass-fired power plants
















































weighing


static & dynamic scales


mass flow meters










feeding


gravimetric & volumetric feeders










conveying


airlocks, valves & chutes


material handling & transfer


mechanical conveyors


pneumatic conveyors










milling & grinding


mills










filtration


air separators











































our global service solutions
we’re always at your service – with whatever it takes







it’s your needs that shape our whole approach to service
because the challenge of keeping your business running to optimum is unique, we work with you every step of the way to develop and implement a concept that is fully tailored to your unique needs – from consultancy, training and core services, right through to testing and next-level digital solutions.
how can we be of service to you?













explore your digital transformation with us
discover the innovative products and stories behind qlar and our digitalization strategy.
learn more












doing our part for a better tomorrow
our passion for engineering sustainable solutions is not just at the heart of what we do for you – it’s at the heart of everything we do.
our commitment to sustainability














we’re there for you
partnership for us means always being on hand to support you whenever and wherever you need us. with our global network of locations and expert partners, we make sure we are always right by your side.







find your nearest expert
get the local support you need
search now





service inquiries
got a challenge, a question or some feedback for us?
get in touch





your service hotline
need some urgent help? we’re here for you 24/7
contact us now






















want to work with us?
join our team









finding the best way together
explore our culture









meet us at upcoming exhibitions
find out where














about us


locations


compliance


standards & directives


downloads


certificates


glossary






our services





get in touch


find your expert


service inquiries


your service hotline


newsletter registration








facebook icon




twitter icon




youtube icon




linkedin icon




instagram icon






© qlar europe gmbh, 2025


legal notice


data protection declaration


terms and conditions


change cookie settings


sitemap








back to top











privacy settings


we use cookies to optimize our website’s functionality and continuously improve your experience.some types of cookies are essential to the technical functionality of our website.additional cookies are used only with your consent. in this context, we use google analytics in the anonymized version to access, analyze, and save information, such as the characteristics of your device and certain personal data (ip addresses, navigation usage, geolocation data, or unique identification features. (youtube, fb, etc.))with regard to the processing of your data in the usa by google: by clicking on [“agree to all”], you also consent to the processing of your data in the usa in accordance with article 49 (1) (a) of the gdpr. according to the european court of justice’s current case law, the usa is assessed as a country with an inadequate level of data protection by eu standards. in particular, there is a risk that your data could be processed by us authorities without you becoming aware of it or having access to legal remedy. if you click on [“save preferences”] without having selected “analytics”, the transfer of data described above will not take place. further information can be found in our data protection information.


                    imprint 





                    analytics
                    monitoring of website usage and optimization of user experience




save preferences
agree to all










