




greece car rental no excess, no credit card, low deposit































home 
companies
airport info
 the cars
scenic drives
hotels
get a quote



companies
airport info
drives
hotels
get a quote









tel +353 (0)16852606


compare car hire in greece


your browser does not support javascript













airport car hire
europe
greece



























greece airport car hire gr  
last updated: 6th january, 2025
airport car hire network greece will  compare the  car rental market to provide discount cars from the following rent a car companies. hertz, avis,  alamo, budget dollar, national sixt, thrifty europcar we shop around to get you  the best deal saving you time and money. 
 
we have low priced cars available at thousand of locations on greece mainland and the greek islands such as mykonos, rhodes, crete, santorini and kos.  choose from  open top convertibles for that road trip of a lifetime or smaller economy cars to navigates through the narrow streets or 7 and 9 seat luxury people transporters for larger groups.  




car rental companies in greece
we will compare the following car hire companies to find the cheapest car hire in greece.
























ready to go? get your quote now!
take this opportunity to get the best car rental deals in greece... cheaper.







massive savings at popular locations

athens
great deals available at athens international airport eleftherios venizelos and city centre

crete
ioannis daskalogiannis airport is one of two airports on the island of crete 

corfu
choose form a large selection of cars when you visit corfu

thessaloniki
touring thessaloniki we got the car for you! we only source your car from the most reliable companies.

kos
we offer great prices on all cars in greece,  save upto  40%  by booking in advance. hire car are from all major suppliers. 

rhodes
best car rental prices in crete from hertz, avis, sixt auto union and many more!



greece see & do
greece is as much renowned for its status as the birthplace of democracy as for the string of gorgeous islands that skirt its rugged coast. citycarrentals.com have an extensive network of locations through the country, including several points on all of the major islands, and will ensure that you receive the best car hire deal possible for your greek odyssey.
whether you have an island-hopping adventure in mind or you simply want to explore the rustic greek countryside and dramatic coastline, there is no shortage of sights to behold and culture to sample. the most popular tourist months are july and august, when the temperatures soar and the islands of the aegean, ionian, and mediterranean seas become a mecca for travellers in search of golden sands and clear blue waters. crete is the largest and most popular of these islands, and boasts a wealth of archaeological delights ranging from minoan and roman ruins to byzantine churches and a selection of historic monasteries. travel between crete and other islands, including both the north and south aegean islands is possible by ferry (including new high speed ferries that make journey times quicker).
back on the mainland, the historic and mythical city of athens awaits you. not only the acknowledged birthplace of western civilisation, athens is also the home of the olympic games and so unsurprisingly has a dazzling array of architecture and historic sights to enjoy. dating back to the bronze age, the acropolis looms large over the athenian cityscape. originally a fortified town, the acropolis houses the much celebrated parthenon, the 5th century bc temple built in tribute to the goddess, athena. driving further north, you will be treated to the sight of breathtaking mountain ranges, unspoiled countryside and such fascinating cities as thessaloniki and kavala



hotels near greece airport











book with confidence



car hire with a debit card

rent a car using a debit card. after doing a search, the available cars will be displayed, please click on the filter at the bottom of left side column to display the companies that will allow car hire with a debit card.


peace of mind



included in the price

collision waiver (cdw)
third party (tp)
theft waiver (tw)
personal accident insurance
breakdown assistance
taxes & vat
airport fees
no credit card fees
no booking fees
free amendments
free cancellations







greece car hire

athens spata airport
chios airport
corfu airport
crete heraklion airport
crete chania airport
ioannina airport
kalamata airport
kavala airport
kefalonia airport
kos airport
mykonos airport
preveza aktion airport
rhodes airport
samos airport
santorini airport
thessaloniki airport
volos airport
zakynthos airport




check availability











contact us

phone
+353 (0)1 6852606
email
info@airportcarhire.net


customer support

about us
manage booking
get a quote
faq
privacy policy
terms
sitemap


popular countries

england car hire
france car hire
germany car hire
greece car hire
italy car hire
spain car hire
croatia car hire


popular airports

alicante airport
bergamo airport
dublin airport
dubrovnik airport
faro airport
gatwick airport
malaga airport




 â© copyright 1996 - 2025 airport car hire | all rights reserved


facebook
twitter
google+
pinterest
blog







