



 













magician & magic shows in new york city | madeleine the magician




































































madeleine the magician









                            call today! (917) 414-6177











home
about
mtm presents

special needs kids magic
a glimpse
harry potter
marriage proposal


play dazzicle
gallery
clients

reviews
references


magic in maine
contact

frequently asked questions and answers











the pied piper of magic


when you are planning any party or event whether it be large or small and you think of magic, look no further than madeleine the magician! children's parties of any age? yes! adult strolling and close up magic? yes!performs from ny to maine


learn more









finally the “real deal” - madeleine the magician!


the pied piper of magic
imagine magic shows that are always perfect for the group for which the magician is performing. introducing, madeleine the magician’s kid magic shows that are actually for kids! whether it is for young kids or older kids, her shows and are always age and ability appropriate. this charismatic magician’s shows with live doves, her suspension and levitation in mid-air and of course, her beyond the run-of-the-mill magic, always includes your birthday child as “the star” and is always filled with a plethora of audience participation that prompts over-the-top excitement, and the over-whelming desire of participation by all. it is a joy to watch madeleine the magician as she creates her magic in such a way, that it keeps her audience intrigued and mesmerized throughout the show. that is why, at every one of madeleine’s magic shows you will hear the kids yell out, “you really are magic!”
madeleine the magician has different magic shows for events and parties, large and small. in other words, the appropriate show, for the appropriate audience. her strolling and close up magic shows for adult birthday parties, office parties, corporate events or functions are extremely engaging, mesmerizing and simply, mind-blowing.
madeleine the magician is also known as the harry potter magician because of her performances for j.k. rowling, all of the barnes and noble harry potter 12 am book signings and for the publisher of the harry potter 7th book (see the letters on this website). madeleine the magician’s all harry potter related magic shows, make you feel that you are actually sitting in a classroom at hogwarts. these shows never include muggle magic, only wizardry magic. and of course, there will always be wingardum leviosa!
in addition, madeleine the magician has been given the gift of reaching children and adults with autism. this magician’s magic is impressive and her gentle spirit is genuinely appealing to everyone, which is just one of the reasons why she is well known and respected by her peers.
madeleine the magician will take any party or event and make it magical. she truly is an entertainer!
learn more
thank you so much. please stay safe and healthy.
 












have any questions or let’s talk! 


name*email*phone*message*type of party*


child's party



adult's party
would you like to receive emails from me in the future?*


yes



no
commentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 











δ



check out my facebook

madeleine the magician


my contact information
madeleine the magician
phone: (917) 414-6177
email: madeleine@madeleinethemagician.com
address: madison square station p.o. box 1968 new york, ny 10159









© 2025 madeleine the magician | sitemap




madeleine the magician
homeaboutmtm presents

special needs kids magica glimpseharry pottermarriage proposal back
play dazziclegalleryclients

reviewsreferences back
magic in mainecontact

frequently asked questions and answers back


				× close panel			

























 
