




































    
    home - pollock properties inc.
  
  













               


     home



  rentals


   overview



  showing information



  rentals



  faqs





  tenants


   pay rent online





  owners


   management services



  owner statements





  home sales



  about


   staff



  about us



  flagstaff relocation information





  contact us






     
 
pay rent








    
 





       




   



   for tenants 



      



pay rent online
    



login


   for owners 



      



our technology
    



our services
    



login


   real estate and property management in flagstaff, az at pollock properties, inc. we provide the services you need to realized your real estate dreams. whether you are trying to buy or sell a home, or you are purchasing and developing rental real estate, we can tailor our services to fit your unique goals and aspirations. our considerable experience in the flagstaff market makes us the ideal choice for all of your real estate and property management needs!our real estate team can assist you through the entire process of buying or selling your home. pricing, marketing, negotiations – from start to finish, we will put all of our experience and resources to work in an effort to achieve your desired outcome.    in property management, striking the right balance between professionalism and compassion is key. we pride ourselves on our ability to protect the interests of our clients while attracting and retaining the highest quality renters. we make the ownership and rental process easy. owners know their valuable investments are being well-taken care of. renters know they have the support they need from management.we serve clients in flagstaff and throughout northern arizona. please contact our team today to learn more about our different real estate and property management services.
  











      contact us      



 (928) 774-5577


      






 (928) 774-5578


     



 417 n. wc riles street; suite 2-d, flagstaff, az 86001, united states


   associations & affiliations


    


  


  


  




    


  


 

 




    online portal
 log in
|
sign up


 owner portal
 log in
|
sign up







   sitemap © 2019 all rights reserved. pollock properties inc.
 




















































































































  
  share by:





   




