ï»¿

tile store, flooring store & carpet store in anaheim, ca | carpets 4 u
â â â â â â â â â â â â â â call us now! 714-961-1334â â â â â â â â â â â â 4304 e la palma ave, anaheim, ca 92807â â â â homeflooringcarpethardwoodtilestonelaminateluxury vinylstone plastic compositearea rugsbathroom and kitchen remodelcounter-topscabinetsshowersfabricsupholsterycustom draperyblinds & shuttersgalleryabout uscontactbrandsâ â â â â â â â â â â â carpets 4 u featuring ultimate surface design in anaheim, ca!â carpets-4-u is a full service home improvement center. as a general contractor, our talents and experiences have provided us with the skills to provide to our customers full service in flooring, total kitchen and bathroom remodels, custom cabinetry, carpentry, fabrication of slabs, plumbing, electrical, and painting. we have a large showroom full of the latest home improvement products to assist in our customer's selection. our commitment to quality products and product knowledge, our dedication to efficiency and workmanship, our focus on personal service and customer needs, is the foundation that carpets-4-u is built on. for over 30 years we have been in the same location, nurturing and garnering the success of our business on the referrals and repeat business we attribute to our success. we have an outstanding reputation in our community and personal connection to the community, as we all have lived in the city of anaheim most of our lives.â flooringâ â â â â carpetâ â â â â â â â hardwoodâ â â â â â â â tileâ â â â â â â â stoneâ â â â â â â laminateâ â â â â â â area rugâ â â â â â â â â â â in our client's wordsâ â â â  prev  next â "omg, still the best!! we are a second time client. carpets-4-u did our kitchen floor tile a number of years ago!! we returned to margie for our entryway tile and also to carpet the entire house. wow, the initial visit to the showroom was excellent. margie helped with a wonderful selection and it looks amazing installed. we we're impressed by the installation: jonathon on both the tile demo and install (he had remembered us from our kitchen remodel four years earlier) also, raul and andreas for a great install on the carpet. both gary who measured and dennis who runs the installation crews are family to margie. don't waste your time with others, this is a long term family company who treats you with a truly excellent value and service. i believe they have been around for +40 years. kudos to carpets-4-u, thanks for a great experience!!" bob & ann
- bob m. - orange, caâ â â "they get 5 stars. great service, great selections! dennis was easy to talk to and helped me figure out the best carpet for my business. i went with the left over carpet from another job because it was nice looking/good quality carpet and a very good price. so happy with my purchase and definitely coming back when i redo the flooring in my house."- laurie f. - orange, caâ â â "i have had a wonderful experience with this company. i recently had new carpet and vinyl installed throughout my home and i absolutely love it. the customer service is great and the installers are professional and really nice to work with. they did a fantastic job installing the flooring, and i particularly appreciate how they put my furniture back in place and connected extension cords behind heavy furniture so that i didn't have to do it (little things like that make a huge difference). the owner, margie, is the most warm, friendly and helpful person you would want to meet, and her son, dennis was also great to work with. i highly recommend this company!"- jean b. - brea, caâ â â "once again carpets 4 u has surpassed!purchased a new home and had shaw lifeguard installed recommeded by mary.met with the shaw representative prior to installation for my concerns.fantastic service, fantastic product."- jay k. - los angeles, caâ â â "i am truly amazed. we had a water leak and had to make fast discussions on redoing the first floor. a friend recommended carpets 4 u and i am not disappointed at all. i met with margie at the warehouse and chose both the tile and wood flooring. she was very helpful and knew the products well. i also decided to re carpet the stairs and she showed me many samples and chose on that she thought would look great as the focal point in the house. she sent out dennis to measure and give me the quote. dennis is very professional and a joy to work with. the installation was wonderful and dennis assured me that he was sending the best crew that he had. the crew that he sent was amazing. they were there for a week and i felt very comfortable in leaving the house to run errands. when finished they cleaned up and left nothing behind. i would highly recommend this place for all of your flooring needs."- roberta t. - yorba linda, caâ â â "i was looking for a grey distressed engineered hardwood floor and almost settled for laminate because i couldn't afford the price of the floor i really wanted and couldn't find the exact color i wanted in real wood. then i found it at carpets 4 u. i held my breath while margie looked up the price. maybe you're like me and a little put off about the company name, sounds a little cheesy and bargainy, but don't be fooled, they do great hardwood flooring. when i got to carpets 4 u, i hit the jackpot, and didn't look any further. they had the biggest selection of whitewash grey hardwoods that i had found anywhere as well as the other usual dark and light hardwoods. i was surprised that a "carpet company" did so much hardwood business but they said they do as much hardwood floors as they do carpets. when margie quoted me the price installed i couldn't believe that it was almost $3000 less than the other bids i got. i only needed 400 square feet. but they treated me as if i was a customer purchasing 4400 square feet. dennis came out and measured for me and spent a good hour answering my questions and matching baseboards and bringing the samples over so i could see the color in my own lighting. it did take several weeks for installation because they had to order it, and then it took 2 days longer than originally planned, but margie kept me posted on the status the whole time. on installation day, alex and his guys set up everything outside and kept the sawdust out of the house. i had done my own demo beforehand, so the job was done in one day. a few days after, i did find a few creaks which they promptly came out and fixed and now i love my new floor. i love coming home from work every day to see and feel that grey hardwood with the solid sound when i walk in the door and will definitely use this great company again."- robin b. - yorba linda, caâ â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â â browse our siteâ homeflooringcarpethardwoodtilestonelaminateluxury vinylstone plastic compositearea rugsbathroom and kitchen remodelcounter-topscabinetsshowersfabricsupholsterycustom draperyblinds & shuttersgalleryabout uscontactbrandsâ â â â contact informationâ 
714-961-13344304 e la palma ave, anaheim, ca 92807

business hours:
mon-fri	9:00 am - 5:00 pm
sat	9:00 am - 4:00 pm
sun	closed
â â â â â â â â â â â â â â visit usâ â â â â images provided on this website are for personal, non-commercial use. republication, retransmission, or reproduction of such images is strictly prohibited.
â â â â 