






national camping travelers | masonic family camping club



































register

login









national camping travelers










national camping travelers 










home
new user registration
members
about us

interested in joining?


national officers

officers
district directors


newsletters
news to campers












 














we are a masonic family camping club made up of master masons and their families
learn more








how do you join nct?the only requirement to join nct is that you must be a master mason in good standing with a recognized lodge in the united states, canada or mexico.
learn more








year-round camping
learn more













events



event calendar






join us



learn more




u

find a member



search now







what’s new
check back for our latest updates. 







sickness and distress

received from triple "o" travelers. bill fitzgerald has fallen and have a neck injury, our secretary dorothy alexander has fallen and broke her leg. campouts for triple "o" travelers canceled for season.
read more




camping in 2024

hello ncter's well at a board of directors we decided to leave nct as it has been since the start. we are planning on with 15 fmca members in nct to open the traveling man masonic chapter. we are asking any nct member that also belongs to fmca and be included in the...
read more




2024 national rally report

hello to all. i have been slow on getting a report of the 2024 national rally held at deerhunters sportsman and   campground. i think that everyone had a great time we had sporting clay shoot, trip to elk farm, great breakfasts by penn west 23, pizza night, great...
read more












upcoming events
check here for information on upcoming events! 

[mec id="309"]








what is nct?
national camping travelers inc. is an organization dedicated to bringing masonic families together  for fun and fellowship, while continuing to uphold our masonic teachings. national camping travelers inc. was founded in 1966 in gettysburg, pennsylvania by the late brother myron fox and his family along with twenty-one other masonic families. since 1966 our organization has spread, creating chapters all across north america. we currently have active chapters in many states and canada.

read more about us









national brochure







register now







national officers







events





 









national camping travelers
p. o. box 707parrish, fl., 34219
 bobbennett69@outlook.com









join our mailing list

















copyright © 2025 national camping travelers

website design by envision marketing group.



 
























