 home - us society on dams     
 skip to content   menu aboutmission & visiongoverning documentsleadership & administrationboard of directorsstaffcommitteesicoldmembershipmembership overviewmembership typesbusiness directorytechnical events & trainingeducation & training2025 conferenceupcoming ussd eventsother industry eventsscholarships & awardsscholarshipsawardsresourcesconference abstractsconference proceedingswhite papersbulletinenewscareer centertypes of damsglossarycontact ussign-inlearning centerjoin nowsubscribe    twitter      linkedin     menu aboutmission & visiongoverning documentsleadership & administrationboard of directorsstaffcommitteesicoldmembershipmembership overviewmembership typesbusiness directorytechnical events & trainingeducation & training2025 conferenceupcoming ussd eventsother industry eventsscholarships & awardsscholarshipsawardsresourcesconference abstractsconference proceedingswhite papersbulletinenewscareer centertypes of damsglossary welcome to the united states society on damsussd is a world class organization of dam industry professionals who advance the environmentally sustainable science of planning, design, construction, operation and maintenance of dams, levees and associated civil engineering projects. our members lead the nation, and work with partner organizations worldwide, to resolve the world’s most critical resource problem: access to clean water.    briefcase  career center    calendar icon   committees    people and gear icon  international relationships    ticket icon  2025 annual conference upcoming events and activities 2025 board elections ussd members it is that time of year again! it is time to select new individuals that will join the ussd board of directors. all current active ussd members should use their login credentials to access the voting portal.  learn more  2025 scholarships & awards - now open ussd supports the field of field of dams, levees, and water resources through our awards program and the kim de rubertis student scholarship program. submissions and nominations are now being accepted through march 14,  2025.  student scholarship   awards & recognitions   2025 annual conference  with over 800 leaders in the dam and levee industry gathering in one place this is a can't miss event!  click to learn more about the conference exhibit booth reservations open now   view exhibit info  event feed  view calendar  annual sponsors sustaining members   aecom    barnard    black & veatch    bureau of reclamation    campbell scientific    coastal drilling east    emagineered solutions    dept. of energy    flow-3d hydro    freese nichols    gannett fleming    gei    geocomp    geosyntec    gza    hatch    hdr    keller    kiewit    kleinfelder    kleinschmidt group    knight piesold    mott macdonald    phillips jordan    ramboll    rizzo    rjh    schnabel engineering    stantec    us army corps of engineers    wsp golder  next previous © 2025 us society on dams  |  site by growthzone united states society on dams    google map   13918 e. mississippi ave #61160, aurora, co 80012     email icon and link   info@ussdams.org     phone icon and link   303-792-8753     twitter      linkedin      ussd's facebook page   additional resourcesaboutmembership overviewscholarshipscareer center © 2025 us society on dams.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone scroll to top 


