





breezewood proving grounds – motocross park




























 




skip to content




 top bar






phone814-784-3605 
emailbpg@breezewoodprovinggrounds.com 
addressclearville, pa 15535
open hours8am-dark






facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
 











phone814-784-3605 
emailbpg@breezewoodprovinggrounds.com 
addressclearville, pa 15535
open hours8am-dark






facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
 











breezewood proving grounds
motocross park





menu



cabin rental

the big cabin
the rustic cabin
2nd floor rustic cabin
the cabana cabin
the deck house cabin
above the dining hall
cabin rental pricing


facilities

dinning hall
camp sites
onsite mx shop
water park at bpg
facilities map


photos
videos
pricing

private track rental
bpg prices


events
directions
outlaw series

outlaw motocross racing series 2025
outlaw point standings


faq
contact us
 





search




search for:


















 



outlaw motocross racing

2025 is gonna be a fun year at the breezewood proving grounds !!! kids track racing will be off the charts fun for everyone !!! adding tons of mulch, lights,…continue readingoutlaw motocross racing







 



bpgmx dirt

what makes a motocross track? is it the layout, location, difficulty, jumps, table tops, whoops, berms etc… what really makes a motocross track is the dirt. when it comes to…continue readingbpgmx dirt







 



breezewood proving grounds

features 3 motocross tracks of different skill levels. tracks are all motocross with doubles, tabletops, triples, step-ups and high banked berms. the beginner (peewee) track is for the absolute beginner,…continue readingbreezewood proving grounds













live the dream
ride breezewood proving grounds

there is no better dirt then dan's






bpgmx advanced track
january 9, 2023
the advanced track has lots of big air jumps, tabletops and even a water jump on the advanced track. track is groomed and watered regularly, and track layout changes often.…continue readingbpgmx advanced track








bpgmx intermediate track
january 9, 2023
the intermediate track has plenty of action with lots of tabletops and jumps. track is groomed and watered regularly, and track layout changes often. track is open to both bikes…continue readingbpgmx intermediate track








bpgmx kids track
january 9, 2023
kids track also known as the peewee track contains all the features of the intermediate track but scaled down to give the riders prospective to size. due to the scale…continue readingbpgmx kids track

















breezewood proving grounds motocross park 

features 3 motocross tracks of different skill levels. tracks are all motocross with doubles, tabletops, triples, step-ups and high banked berms. the beginner kids / peewee track is for the absolute beginner, the track features excellent learning jumps. the intermediate track has plenty of action with lots of tabletops and jumps. the advanced track has lots of big air jumps, tabletops and even a water jump on the advanced track. tracks are groomed and watered regularly, and track layouts change often. all three tracks are open to both bikes and quads. the kids (peewe) track is separate from the other two tracks for the little ones and the inexperienced.
the club house sells hot food during the riding seasons, a nice comfortable place to sit down and eat while perhaps watching your favorite videos on our big screen tv. or sit outside to watch the riders on the track. we have a shower house with private showers for everyone to get cleaned up. even a power wash station to clean up your rides. lets not forget about the swimming hole with that big slide. oh and in case you need parts to fix your ride there is the parts barn. at breezewood proving grounds you not only get the best motocross tracks but added amenities to make your stay a awesome one.

we are closed for the winter see you in march 2025 !!!


check facebook for lastest up to date information.
to speed up your check in download bpg waiver fill it out and bring it with you. all persons entering bpg most have a waiver filled out.download bpg 2024 waiver.

phone: 814-784-3605
4626 robinsonville road, clearville, pennsylvania 15535
we accept cash only – no checks or credit cards














informationlogin or create an account
stay up-to date with the latest news & events


 about us
 faq
 terms of use
 privacy policy
 cabin rental agreement pdf
 release and waiver pdf

 

weather 










			breezewood		



12:40 pm,  

february 17, 2025













28°f 









humidity 


					48 %				





pressure 


					1018 mb				





wind 


					10 mph				






wind gust:


				10 mph			















						weather from openweathermap				







 

breezewood proving grounds
this is a public site owned by dan harris and operated by breezewood proving grounds inc. with assistance from the department of conservation and natural resources, bureau of recreation and conservation through the pennsylvania recreational trails program.

facebook
instagram
twitter
youtube
 
 






				copyright © 2025 breezewood proving grounds  | versatile business by firefly themes  
 







scroll up 


















