










rc soaring digest magazine













the journal for the rc soaring enthusiast

bsquared at rcsoaringdigest dot com





looking for the new rc soaring
                digest? 

 the new rcsd, started
                in january 2021, now has its own website. 
                all information regarding this new publication will be
                located there as it is available. 















 

if you'd like to
                  support the continuation of the 

rc soaring digest
                archives 

please consider making
                  a donation.








after 35 years and more than 400 issues, the
              december 2018 edition of rc soaring digest was the
              last to be published. 

              the rcsd archives contain downloadable pdfs of all
              of the issues starting with the first from january 1984.
              these archives will be readily available for the
              foreseeable future.
we highly recommend rcsd pdf files be
                downloaded to your computer hd/ssd where they can be
                opened with acrobat reader 5 or higher. viewing the pdf
                within a web browser via a plug-in is not reliable.

                you can be automatically notified of changes and
                additions to this web site by subscribing to the rcsoaringdigest

















                  group on groups.io.



  






















rcsd archive

pdfs of all rcsd and newrcsd
              issues can be downloaded from the rcsd archive. this archive is
              organized by year, 1984-2018, and issues can be downloaded
              individually. those who desire to download the entire
              collection in one zipped file can do so by clicking on
              this link.













twitt archive

twitt (the wing is the thing) came into
              being in june 1986 at gillespie field in el cajon,
              california, as the brainchild of co-founders bob fronius,
              marc de piolenc, richard miller and hernan posnansky.
              members included such notables as dr. karl nickel, peter
              selinger, reinhold stadler, don mitchell, al backstrom,
              bruce carmichael and dr. paul maccready. guest speakers
              included:  dr. paul maccready, jack lambie, bruce
              carmichael, karl sanders, kermit van every, bruce hinds
              (b-2 test pilot), barnaby wainfan (
              
              fmx-4 facetmobile
              ), al bowers (nasa chief engineer) and irv culver (culver
              twist). 

              this is the official archive of the twitt website,
              complete with downloadable pdfs of all published
              newsletters. during its tenure, the twitt website offered
              vhs videotapes and other materials for sale. the goal is
              to convert these videotapes and printed materials to
              digital formats that can be readily downloaded from the
              archive. 

              our sincere thanks to nikolas korakis for examining the
              entire archive, notifying us of internal errors, and
              making suggestions for improvement. additionally, nikolas
              provided several contemporary items which he felt should
              be added to the archive. this


                page lists these materials, along with links to the
              individual items.













rcsd special publications and
              preprints


the dynamic
                    soaring of salmon. how salmon gain
              upstream thrust from pressure gradients and extract energy
              from velocity shears. plus other strategies for upstream
              energy minimization. authored by philip randolph patten. this







                is a preprint, for more information on this technical
                format see this











                  page. 
 
isaac















                  newtonõs falsely dismissed theory of inertially caused
                  pressure resistance. newtonõs theory vs.
              dõalembertõs paradox, each correct within differing
              conditions not knowable in the 18th century. 42 pages,
              20,571 words. authored by philip randolph patten. this
                is a preprint, for more information on this technical
                format see this











                  page. 

isaac








                  newton's theory of inertially caused pressure
                  resistance, reinstated. 
                  flow
                separations and instability drag as the mechanisms of
                newtonõs theory and the theoryõs defeat by dõalembertõs
                paradox, each correct within conditions only
                differentiated in the 19th century. an
                amusingly convoluted history. 14 pages, 5474 words (plus
                endnotes). this is a shortened version of the above
                aimed at journal publication. authored by philip
              randolph patten. this is a preprint, for more
                information on this technical format see this









                  page. 












martin simons'
understanding
thermal soaring
sailplanes
walter jaburek of vienna
              austria has scanned the complete understanding thermal
                  soaring sailplanes series written by martin
              simons and created a single pdf which includes all of the
              articles. this series of articles appeared in rcsd starting in
              january 1990 and ending in the november 1991 issue. there
              are direct references to f3j, which had just been made an
              official event but the topics covered are easily related
              to all forms of rc soaring. topics include the sailplane
              polar, weight and ballast, turning, drag, scale effects,
              performance calculation, moment arms and tail volumes, and
              horizontal stabilizer considerations, along with numerous
              others. well worth the 5.6mb download.













ffa diamant
              archive
rc soaring digest / b2streamlines







              is pleased to be able to make available the diamant archive containing materials
              belonging to art t. babiarz, jr., owner and caretaker of
              flug- und- fahrzeugwerke ag diamant 16.5, serial number
              012, n1193, xx. this vast amount of material is more than
              likely the largest collection of diamant information in
              existence.












slope

















                soaring
                news
                archive
pdf versions of slope

















                  soaring news, published february 1988 through
              february/february 1990 by charlie morey. all twenty issues
              are now available for downloading.












index

















                thru 2005
a complete index for all issues of rcsd
              through 2005. the search engine is now configured so the
              results have links to the respective pdf files.












rcsd
                articles

 * brian agnew, holder of 15 national
                titles, shares his expertise regarding trimming an r/c
                sailplane. (html)


 * dr. michael selig wrote two important
                articles for rcsd some time ago and he has given
                us permission to post both articles on this website
                -"flies faster" and "the square-cube law and scaling for
                rc sailplanes."(html)


 * "scaling sailplanes," a chapter from the
                book "sailplanes!" by dr. ferdinando gale and aldo
                calza, is now available as a pdf document (2.2 mb).
                written by dr. gale, this 53 page treatise explores the
                physics behind obtaining "scale" performance from a
                miniature glider. includes aerodynamic principles and
                construction materials.


























b2streamlines.com
rc soaring digest is
              published by b2streamlines.com

























