














whitewater rafting and kayaking trips | rogue salmon klamath umpqua owyhee rivers in oregon and idaho



































skip to main content










start your adventure today! 1-800-635-2925 or text 208-630-6668






    rentals/shuttles
  



    about
  



    contact
  


 





















    find your trip
  



    rafting / kayaking
  





    oregon
  



    rogue river
  



    north umpqua river
  



    klamath river
  



    owyhee river
  





    idaho
  



    salmon river
  





    international
  



    sun kosi river-nepal
  



    usumacinta | the grand canyon of the maya
  








rogue river 3-day lodge trip











grand canyon of the salmon river











the gorges of the lower salmon
















    hiking / running
  



    rogue river trail
  





    row your own / theme trips
  



    row your own
  



    corporate rafting retreats
  



    bachelor-bachelorette parties
  



    scouts-schools-churches-teams
  



    solo traveler
  



    all-women adventures
  



    adult only trips
  



    fishing trips
  





    blog
  







    rentals/shuttles
  



    about
  



    contact
  


 


















































































































start your adventure


    find your trip
  














whitewater rafting and kayaking with orange torpedo trips
rogue, salmon, klamath, owyhee,  and north umpqua river rafting







since 1969, so over 50 years, orange torpedo trips have been providing whitewater rafting adventures on the rogue river, salmon river, klamath river, north umpqua river, and owyhee rivers of oregon, idaho and california!
we have guided our family of adventurous clients on unique and thrilling active river-running vacations to some of the world’s most beautiful waterways. with paddle in hand or traveling on foot, our guests gain a sense of personal accomplishment in pushing past their own fears or limitations. these experiences can challenge you physically, build confidence, encourage collegiality and introspection, build respect for nature, create lasting bonds with families and friends, and inspire memories to last a lifetime.
while time on the river builds individual skill, strength and confidence – the collegiality and easy-going hospitality of our guides makes time on and off the river relaxing and fun. ott lets you escape the boundaries of your everyday. these trips require moments of full concentration which in turn, creates opportunities to re-focus. the sense of escape is encompassing and ultimately relaxing. at the end of a river adventure, our guests are invariably proud of their accomplishments, grateful for having built or deepened relationships, and more centered and aware of their own purpose and capability. so grab your friends and family for a river adventure where you come away relaxed and changed, trips book fast so don’t miss your chance for a trip you will remember the rest of your life.
if you are interested in why we believe so strongly that the inflatable kayaking experience can be more than just a vacation but an empowering experience check out this blog post - why you should inflatable kayak
as you consider a trip with us we strongly encourage everyone to look at our essential eligibility requirements to ensure you are up for the adventure.





testimonials









marysue m
rogue river in oregon

















5 of 5 stars


reviewed 5 months ago




















5 of 5 stars

reviewed 5 months ago

enjoy white water, enjoy nature, and enjoy life on the rogue river
review of: wild and scenic rogue river





              more
            

              close
            



date of experience:
          5 months ago
        

















 





videos from guests on trips










highlighted adventures




        get a gift certificate

              




















        rogue river 4-day camping trips

              




















        rogue river lodge trip

              

























organizations we support

















































 




request information

 






links





    find your rafting trip
  



    oregon rafting trips
  



    rogue river rafting
  



    north umpqua river rafting
  



    klamath river rafting
  



    owyhee river rafting
  



    idaho rafting trips
  



    salmon river rafting
  



    riggins idaho river trips
  



    mccall river rafting trips
  



    rogue river shuttles
  



    rogue river rentals
  



    rogue river fishing trips
  



    women adventures
  



    solo traveler
  









    contact
  



    river blog
  



    pre-trip river orientation
  



    essential eligibility requirements
  



    special offers
  



    reservation policies
  



    history
  



    staff
  



    jobs
  



    travel agent/re-seller
  



    gift certificates
  






newsletter


connect






youtube







facebook







instagram







yelp







twitter







                              oregon store
                            


210 merlin rd. merlin, or. 97532
call - 541-479-5061





                              idaho store
                            


1512 n. main street riggins, id. 83549
208-717-2007







orange torpedo trips operates under permits issued by: rogue river-siskiyou national forest, klamath national forest, umpqua national forest, salmon national forest, boise national forest and the bureau of land management. orange torpedo trips is an equal opportunity recreation service provider.



          copyright © 2025
                    orange torpedo trips, inc.




 








chat with us,
powered by livechat




