






src thor - rugby for everyone





























































 





















skip to content








src thor
open student rugby club delft






home
the club

about
clubhouse “de voorwaarts”
board
organisation
hist(h)ory


join

thor membership
try-out training
owee 2023


teams

gents 1
gents 2
ladies


media

instagram
gallery
publications


contact
webshop
sponsors
 

search for:



 














we are student rugby club thor! 






check it out!
















since 

2024












members 

1












teams 

1












nationalities 

1

















 








student rugby club thor 



student rugby club thor (est. 1963) is the only open student rugby club in delft. currently, we have two gents teams, one ladies team and a beginners team.rugby is for everyone! old,  young, big or small, with or without experience. are you interested in becoming a thor member or just want to join an introduction training first? 






join us! try rugby!



















 



about src thor 



everyone is welcome at src thor. get to know this crazy bunch of (student) rugby fans and become one yourself! find out all the details the club, the members and our beloved boat.  






read more











 



get into rugby 



searching for new challenge in life? want to experience the real rugby culture? like to get strong and fit? looking for new friends? whatever the reason is, it’s never too late to start playing rugby!  






try it out!











 



put your gameface on!  



check out our media page for the most beautiful (awkward) rugby faces and poses, well captured by our house-photographer jan kaper,  or review one of the many match videos on our youtube channel. 






view all media



















 









 





on and off the pitch 



all teams train twice a week on tuesdays and thursdays, at the rugby pitch of the student sport center x. since its foundation in 1963 (first as virgiel rugby club thor in delft), src thor has been displaying rugby in the competition of the dutch rugby association (nrb) on sundays. besides the normal competition and rugby practice, there are many more organised rugby events, trips (abroad), tournaments and social events to join.  













 

 

 
















 





the thor boat  



thor is one of the few student sports clubs having their own club house, besides using the sports center facilities. most of thor’s social rugby culture takes place at our iconic boat: “de voorwaarts”. since 1995 this is the perfect location for drinks, dinners and parties after tuesday practice or after matches.  







 
read more



















 
renting











 












find us here 



we are located at the sportscenter “x” at the campus of tu delft. rugby pitch is found just across the road/tram lane, next to the parking lot. our club house floating at a different location, only 1 km away from the sportscenter in nieuwe haven, close to rotterdamseweg.  










 




							sports center x: pitch						


						sports center x tu delft
mekelweg 8-10
2628 cd delft					




























 




							club house: "de voorwaarts"						


						src thor
nieuwe haven 5
2628ae delft
					





























proudly sponsored by 








 










 





















sponsored by:



contact: secretaris
secretaris@srcthor.nl
wedstrijd secretaris
wedstrijdsecretaris@srcthor.nl


social media:  













		© 2025 src thor	

designed by themeboy 

























