






thenashvilleattitude | new york based country rock band




































home
about

the band
gretsch artist
testimonials
merchandise


shows
solo performance
original music
videos
images
contact



 


select page


  
 



 



 











 
 













 
 




 
 








 


wabc tv interview
wabc-tv’s amy freeze interviews marc vincent sica of the nashville attitude on the network’s popular sunday morning program. marc was thrilled to perform live on wabc to promote winter’s eve at lincoln square, which is new york’s largest holiday festival featuring entertainment, family fun, outdoor food tastings and more.

 
 
 



the nashville attitude continues to receive rave reviews.check out the fabulous forbes review of the nashville attitude:
go to review >>

 
 
 





welcome to thenashvilleattitude.com



the recorded music and live performance of the nashville attitude has been entertaining audiences since 1996 and continues to forge ahead.
as a music lover from childhood, the dream of creating country or what i call nashville music came to me after visiting music city nearly 20 years ago. i fell instantly for the entire vibe (twangin’ guitars,strong vocals, meaningful honest lyrics) and especially the dedication, versatility and proficiency of nashville players and almost immediately the band was created. although a sometime misunderstood moniker a noticeable one to say the least. i diligently set forth to create an act that would honor my heroes of country, americana music, some classic, some current, but way too many to mention. the result continues to be a successful musical venture filled with honky tonks, concert stages and much, much more.
i invite you to sample some of my original songwriting as well as live clips of the hardest working band i know covering the many genres of country music.you will also be able to check out photos, video and read about some of the exciting performances and experiences we have had and continue to encounter. 


hope to see you at an upcoming show!




 
 






marc proudly endorses analog alien pedals.many thanks to jack and joe napoli for all the great gear.www.analogalien.com

 
 
 
  
  
 
 




© copyright the nashville attitude. all rights reserved. phone: 718-698-6359 • email: nuvinco@aol.com  

 
 
 














