


home - action ski & snowboard club




























skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top

























member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






add me to your mailing list

share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter






 
 
  



homeabout us who we are contact us board newsletters membership calendaractivities ski & snowboard trips other fun activities calendar forums volunteer photos docsfwsa far west ski associationsdcsc san diego council of ski clubs links












upcoming events






upcoming events










general meeting











happy hour & general meeting

  wed feb 5, 2025
5:30 - 7:30

arterra del mar
11966 el camino real, sd, ca 92130

join us for our monthly meeting and happy hour at arterra, del mar
more info here











fwsa charity award










action ski & snowboard club is proud to accept the 2022-2023 far west ski association diamond recognition award for charities & our community.



thank you to all of our generous members for making this award possible.



congratulations actioneers!










member forum
 


action ski & snowboard club is pleased to announce a new feature to our website!  due to popular demand, we have released a trip forum on our website, accessible to current action members only.  this forum can only be accessed by first logging in, and then selecting "activities" and then "forums".

please review "our forums policy" button on the forums page, before posting any planned trips.  this forum is strictly for members to share personal trip information with other action members.  action members must login to be able to view these forums, so you must be a current action member.  please keep in mind that action does not provide insurance for the posted trips, since these trips are all independently arranged without action oversight.

hopefully this will help our member community enjoy our core passion for skiing, snowboarding and happy hours in smaller groups.  any feedback is more than welcome!



 






action beer and wine tumblers

















action to reduce carbon footprint in 2020!
 
action ski & snowboard club is doing what we can to help keep our environment clean.  future events will require participants to bring their own beverage holder for water and other drinks. 

 
action's estimated plastic beverage cups and water bottles generated... 

carbon footprint of 61 lbs, 
185 lbs of waste for 
2018/2019 season. 





action ski & snowboard tumblers
 
we have purchased a limited number and color of wine (12 oz) and beverage (20 oz) tumblers that we think you will use over and over again. available for purchase at the next general meeting 
and at action events. 
 
colors available and sizes are shown in the picture above. 
keeps beverages cold for 8-12 hrs and hot for 3-5 hrs. 
comes with tight fitting lid. 
tumblers are $9 each, $10 with action sticker (limited).
 
choose your color and size 
reuse and lower our carbon footprint! 










who we are

 learn more about who we are and how you can get involved with our club. 














activities
we obviously love to ski and snowboard, but we also love a good happy hour and lots of other fun activities.  




our members donated over three huge boxes of gifts for san diego foster children! 













photos
view our photo albums!

2023 mammoth super bowl 








slideshow
2023 mammoth super bowl





2023 year end party
 


slideshow
2023 yep



2023 zermatt



slideshow
2023 zermatt ski trip



















home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 










