


world reggae show - homepage























world reggae show: 02/11/25





welcome to the internet's first and longest running reggae music program!
reggae on the net reaching over 140 countries since 1996.













because i'm black - delroy wilson (gussie)
young, gifted, and black - the mighty diamonds (jah guidance)
sense of purpose - third world (ft. bunny rugs) (columbia)
girl from hiroshima - third world (ft. bunny rugs) (columbia)
standing in - derrick harriott (crystal)
walk the streets (at night) - derrick harriott (crystal)
i'm thankful - ambelique (heavybeat reggae)
jah bless me - nitty kutchie (supabuss)
pretty brown eyes - wise wurdz (supabuss)
look what you doing - dennis brown (hulk)
look what you dubbing (dub plate) - dennis brown (hulk)
stop your fussing and fighting - dennis brown (emmanuel music)
together brother - dennis brown (emmanuel music)
in love dub - king tubby (king tubby)
jah live - bob marley (king tubby)
i wanna dub you - asaf smilan (med tone)











where and when to listen:


here and now



download audio






inetradio apps for iphone and androidinetradio player for desktops and laptops



tunein 24/7 access plus archives





rss/xml feed



you can add the world reggae show to your subscribed podcasts by pointing your mobile phone camera at this image.










the world reggae show is also available for rebroadcast on radio stations or satellite.





crucial links:
 home
 last week's show
 world reggae show music archives




contact jack slater or junior dub: reggaeshow@aol.com 










about the selectors:


karl anthony



karl anthony aka "jamaica's bouncing baby boy" (a moniker he attributes to his mother) is a 52 yr. radio veteran who began his broadcasting career in 1968 at rjr in jamaica as an air personality and continued in new york city at wwrl in 1970, then wnjr, whbi, wlib and wnwk.

karl is also a master emcee and has worked in jamaica, new york, connecticut, boston, philadelphia, and japan with major ska, rock steady and reggae super stars like the skatalites, bob andy, delroy wilson, marcia griffiths, rita marley, judy mowatt, derrick harriott, freddie mcgregor, hopeton lewis, the heptones, desmond dekker and the aces, the mighty diamonds, burning spear, black uhuru, chalice, third world, steel pulse, toots and the maytals, beenie man, ninjaman, mikey jarrett, mutabaruka, linton kwesi johnson, chakademus and pliers, dennis brown, bob marley, peter tosh, bunny wailer, and beres hammond, just to name a few.

currently karl shares the microphone with jack slater on the world reggae show, the internet's first and longest running reggae music program.

  













