



bayou audio cables




















 










home
log in

 





 
custom audio cables














categories

canare gs-6 instrument cables
mogami pedal jumpers
certano t-bender™ b&g bender
microphone cables
speaker cables
cables for alembic instruments
x2 wireless cables
stereo cables
stereo insert cables
bass wiring harnesses
instrument knobs
specials ...









welcome to bayou audio cables
welcome guest! would you like to log yourself in?


welcome to the all new secure online store.
canare gs-6 cables are made custom to order by hand with canare cable and neutrik and switchcraft nickel connectors using kester solder. canare cable is stocked in black, red, and blue. other colors are available by special order.
all speaker cables are 12 gauge with large connectors. bridged and reverse polarity connectors can be chosen as needed on the order page.
payments are handled by paypal. you do not have to have a paypal account to pay. at the paypal login page there is a option to pay with debit or credit card without a paypal account.
the products in this store are just some of what i can do. i can pretty much make any audio cable needed - including digital. use the contact me link on the right to send me an email and i will get back to you with a quote.
i am a full line allparts dealer. i can get anything that is listed at www.allparts.com.
contact me for pricing (cheaper than retail).
$10 flat rate priority mail shipping on all u.s. orders.
international shipping will be by priority mail international mail for the cost of postage.
click on contact me on the right if you have any questions or special requests.



monthly specials for february
certano t-bender™ b&g bender bridge for tele®$299.00  $250.00save: 16% off




featured products
bridging speaker cables for walter woods amps$35.00
stereo to mono cables for alembic instruments$40.00
p bass wiring harness$30.00
certano t-bender™ b&g bender bridge for tele®$299.00  $250.00save: 16% off
darkstar bass wiring harness$35.00
x2 wireless cable$30.00
j bass wiring harness$35.00
speaker adapter box$30.00
starquad microphone cables







information


shipping & returns
privacy notice
contact me
site map
newsletter unsubscribe





more information


canare cable
mogami cable
connectors used
pictures
about bayoucables









home





your ip address is:   101.53.234.133




copyright © 2025 bayou audio cables. powered by zen cart









