


 






home page




































































 









    the store will not work correctly when cookies are disabled.







javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.

                        for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.                    







 





        skip to content    

 










sign in

create an accounttoggle nav







my cart




















search




search




popular suggestions


products

 20% off for all dresses  




   





        advanced search    





search







        compare products        



 



                        menu                    




homeabout usshopall productsrafflesswaghats and shirtschallenge coinsas.org promosupporterssponsorshipmissioncontact us 




                        account                    


 




























 














 


 


 


 









ndia award
carlos n. hathcock ii
 


support
donate to as.org



mail donations
mail toas.org
need to send us gear or cash donations? 
use the address and/or phone number below:
sol/as.org101 s military ave suite p211green bay wi 54303-2409.large shipments contact joss direct 920-639-699
 
 
  





 
need to send us gear or cash donations? use the address and/or phone number below: 
sol/as.org101 s military ave suite p211green bay wi 54303-2409.large shipments contact joss direct920-639-6999



in honor of chuck mawhinneywith great sadness, we announce the passing of chuck mawhinney on february 12, 2024. chuck was a remarkable individual who had a passion for marksmanship and enjoyed helping out his fellow marksmen. in his memory, his family has requested that any donations be given to american snipers, an organization that supports military snipers. by contributing to this cause, we can honor chuck's legacy and support those who serve our country. let us come together to pay our respects to chuck and express our gratitude for his service to our nation.donatecurrent raffle(s)americansnipers.org 2025 spring raffle

benelli has donated a m2 tactical 12-gauge shotgun. the shotgun comes with streamlight flashlight & mounts, hard case and an otis cleaning kit. hornady donated a case of ammunition.

ohio ordnance works has donated an m1918a3 bar in 30.06. this rifle is semi automatic and includes a sling, bipod, 2 20 round magazines, carrying handle, cleaning kit and instruction manual.

there are other prizes included in this raffle:

vista outdoors remington 12 gauge slugs

rifle cases from escase & voodoo tactical

vise from real avid

mantis training system

berry’s precision rifle rest

benchmade knife

5.11 gift certificate for $100

tru spec sling bag

belleville, danner & salomon boots

con10gency first aid kit

ess eye protection

uscca welcome kit including 1 year membership

black rain ordnance safe

range boxes & bags from mtm, voodoo tactical & hornady

cleaning kits from lyman, otis, hoppes, lucas

rucks from: 5.11, snugpack, fox tactical, condor, voodoo tactical & mystery ranch

zippo handwarmers and lighters.

miscellaneous swag from glock, hornady & blackhawk

other prizes may be added as raffle progresses.

raffle tickets are $10 each. winner need not be present. winner must be able to lawfully possess a firearm.

drawing is may 26, 2025.


buy nowprevious raffle winners2024 fall raffle

kenneth l. of mesa, az, won atlas bolt action rifle in .308. rifle.

2023 fall raffle

raffle winners are as follows:


parker n. of shakopee, mn, won the bergara 6.5 creedmoor bolt action and glock 17 gen 5 pistol.

 

2023 spring raffle

raffle winners are as follows:


patrick n. of portage in won the delta 5 bolt action rifle in 6.5 creedmoor donated by daniel defense.

 

2020 spring raffle

raffle winners are as follows:


matt m of harrisburg pa won the pdc/bergara 6.5 creedmoor bolt gun package.

frank d of philadelphia pa won the deadfoot arms ar platform & package.

deb o of vacaville ca won the framed print.

richard j of piscatawey nj won a 5.11 backpack package.

dale b of pa won a 5.11 backpack package.

matt m of liberty ny won the tbl embroidered american flag.

brian m of trent woods nc won the benchmade knife.

emmanuel a of nv won the autographed sniper exercises book.

adam d of minersville pa won the aimcam camera system.

pat k of bradford pa won the rocky boots gift certificate.

becca s of round rock tx won the camelbak backpack with hydration system.

stan k of las vegas nv won the usmc kabar sheath knife.

i would like to acknowledge glock, otis, and vortex for sending additional swag that were not listed originally to round out some of the prize packages.

many thanks to all who helped out in this endeavor.

 

 

great lakes rifle raffle

raffle winners are as follows:


1) dominic d of aurora il won the rifle

2) chris v of lisle il won the ammo

3) david w of huron oh won the flashlight

4) todd r of streamwood il won the targetize

5) david l of chicago il won the big buck knife

6) mike s of chicago il won the snugpack package

7) tony r of mokena il won the vortex optic

8) carlos a of montgomery il won the deluxe otis kit

9) matthew d of oh won the ifak

10) deb o of vacaville ca won the lyman deluxe cleaning kit

11) joe d of frankfort il won mystery ranch backpack

12) kris p of huron oh won the tru-spec ruck & hoodie

13) frank m of blue island il won the phantom fury flag

14) joe m of chicago heights il won the hog saddle

many thanks to all who have participated!




pdc custom, bergara, and vortex optics raffle

raffle winners are as follows:


1) chris h of minooka, il won the rifle package

2) walter v of new york, ny won the backpack

3) dyson m of littleton, co won the gsl can

4) mick w of mooresville, in won the gsl can

5) james o of oak forest, il won the peltor ear buds

6) deb o of vacaville, ca won the targetize system

7) steve k of hinckley, il wone the range trauma kit

8) dan s of lexington park, md won the range trauma kit

9) joe c of knoxville, tn won the peltor ear buds

10) mike u of orondo, wa won the spyderco tactical axe

many thanks to all who have participated as we sold 1292 total tickets.




 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 



privacy
terms of service
contact



 subscribe to the newsletter


newsletter









subscribe




















        email address is required to login    




please enter your email address below to create account.

email









sign in









































© 2024 americansnipers.org. all rights reserved.

 

