




sustainable garden design by celebrity landscapers  - london and uk















 garden design construction and landscape
garden design construction and landscapes
garden design construction and landscaper.
garden design construction and landscapers.
landscape  garden designers and construction 

 | home |  price guide | video tour  | contact  | call  07956 611121 for a free site visit 


breaking news



award winning
      garden design
    
patios
      driveways
      tree houses
      play areas
      adventure playgrounds
      roof terraces



1st prize - people's choice
regents pk flower show
gold and silver medals
alexandra pk flower show


 what the press say
meet the team 


  

adventure playgrounds  
school  playgrounds  
play houses  
tree houses 
 activity play grounds
planting schemes  
 driveways 
garden patios
timber decking
landscaping 
garden design
garden construction
front gardens 
fencing & trellis 
lawns & turf 
roof terraces 
pet houses 
what customers say 
price guide 
before and after 
 

 

we 
      design utopia... we create fantasies... we construct dreams
new website!! school plaground designers >>
voted london’s best garden design and  landscape construction company, the gold and silver award winning belsize  landscapes, founded in 1642, is one of the oldest and most respected landscape  design and garden construction companies in england. - see the garden design video

based in hampstead in north west london and  managed by robert sergent-fairley, belsize landscapes is in constant demand  for their stunning garden designs, their timeless tree house designs, their  awesome activity play area designs, their  magical  wendy house designs, their superb timber garden decking designs and  their beautiful patio designs.

| take the video tour | 
such is the demand for their award winning garden design and landscaping   services that belsize landscapes now construct their amazing tree houses,   magical play houses and wild activity areas throughout oxfordshire, middlesex, surrey, berkshire, buckinghamshire, bedfordshire, hertfordshire, warwickshire, gloucestershire, wiltshire, hampshire surrey, and west sussex. 

planting is a major part of all london garden design  projects. robert sergent-fairley’s main passion is for plants and his plant  knowledge is encyclopaedic. he has an unlimited imagination for london planting  designs and whilst he has a very natural and free flowing style of plant design  and garden planting, he is equally at home with traditional english gardens as he is with lush exotic tropical gardens. his main criteria in  garden design is that each garden should be an all year interest garden and a minimum maintenance garden.



robert is passionately keen on the protection  of our environment and the continued creation of natural wildlife habitats. over 95% of the united kingdom’s flowering meadows  have disappeared since 1950. robert aims to redress this situation at every  opportunity. to this end, he introduces wildflower areas  into all his garden designs and particularly, into all his school playground  designs.
belsize landscapes are also renowned for their  exciting play platforms, their wild activity play areas, their charming play  houses and their award winning garden designs of front gardens, driveways, roof  garden terraces, basement gardens, pet houses and animal  play areas.
all  the wood and timbers used in their stunning creations are from sustainable  timber sources


robert sergent-fairley is proud of his extremely  popular and highly respected, cheerful in house team of master craftsmen. this  dedicated group of highly gifted professional landscape craftsmen handle all robert’s garden designs  as well as garden projects including raised plant beds, retaining walls, brickwork,  fencing, trellis, arches, pergolas, walkways, pathways and beautiful turfing  over small or large lawn areas.

photos >>> | patios | tree houses | garden design | pathways  | lawns | play houses | driveways | 
happy and satisfied customers are a necessary  recommendation for all businesses. robert’s many clients, including those of  high profile and celebrity status, all share a mutual admiration and enthusiasm  over their praises for robert and for his team at belsize landscapes.
on a precautionary note, belsize landscapes are  aware that accidents may occur during a project. in this connection they hold  an indemnity bond for £5 million with bishopsgate insurance (renewable  annually); robert sergent-fairley is please to confirm that to date no  accidents have occurred and thus no claims have been entered.

robert sergent-fairley recently commented that no  two projects have ever been the same and that no two days in his life have ever  been the same. it is for this reason that every enquiry is treated  individually; robert makes a personal visit to each potential client to discuss  their wishes and their requirements. he then blends these together with his own  suggestions, the garden space available and the funds possible. see the price guide 

photos >>> | deckings | fencing | lawns | patios | planting | adventure playgrounds | 

he makes no charges for his visits and his  consultations and within 48 hours supplies his clients with a beautiful hand  drawn, totally free of charge, garden design.
robert estimates that for him to visit a client, to  listen, to do the garden design and for his team to complete the garden design project that  it takes roughly 3 weeks from his first visit to the final completion of the whole  garden project.

caveat emptor…caveat  emptor…caveat emptor - government wealth warning
england, at present, is  experiencing a highly unstable economic period with one financial crisis  following another.
many companies, institutions and private persons,  have been over greedy and have attempted to obtain extra profits over the norm,  by purchasing goods, by making investments or by entering contracts with  companies or persons who have offered extremely advantageous prices or rates.      
when those companies or private individuals  eventually collapse (as since time immemorial they always do) the unfortunate  persons who have entered financial transactions with them, generally lose  everything.
the wise person never takes chances.
it is now more important than ever before for  householders to only enter into contracts with professional persons or with long  established reputable local companies. their prices are always fair and  reasonable for whatever the project which will always be completed promptly,  efficiently and in a totally professional manner. if there is any future fault  or defect, an established local company is always there to handle such queries.
watch the new video



song 
              of the larch fairy
sing a song 
                of larch trees
              loved by fairy-folk;
              dark stands the pinewood,
              bare stands the oak,
              but the larch is dressed and trimmed 
              fit for fairy-folk! 



| contact  belsize landscapers and garden designers  |


 | nursery plants reference | site map | belsize landscapes links |  
      copyright  belsize landscapes - all rights reserved
 

barnet gardeners london barnsbury garden designers london beaconsfield garden landscaper brondesbury garden landscaper buckinghamshire garden landscapers camberley garden contractor chertsey garden designers london chiswick garden suppliers chorley wood garden builder crouch end garden designs dartmouth park garden designer dorking garden designers london edgeware gardeners london finchampstead garden designers london finchley gardener hackney garden landscaping ham garden landscaper hammersmith gardener high wycombe garden builders highgate garden design highbury garden designers london kensington gardens kentish town garden designs kenwood gardens maida vale garden designer mapesbury garden contractor middlesex garden contractor notting hill gardens oxfordshire garden suppliers primrose hill gardens  richmond garden contractors slough garden contractor st albans garden builders stoke newington gardeners london surrey garden temple fortune garden suppliers virginia water gardener wandsworth gardeners watford garden designers london willesden garden designer wimbledon gardeners london woking gardens amersham garden design ascot garden design barnes garden designer bedfordshire garden landscaping belgravia gardeners london berkshire garden landscapers  camden garden contractors canonbury garden supplier  chelsea gardener clapham garden builders cobham garden construction coombe hill garden design ealing garden designing east finchley gardeners london east sheen gardener fulham gardeners london golders green gardening contractor gospel oak gardening supplier harrow garden landcaping hampstead garden landscapers hendon garden supplier holland park gardeners london islington garden landscaper kensal rise landscaping kew gardens kilburn garden suppliers little venice garden designers london mill hill gardeners london muswell hill gardener north west london gardeners london putney garden design queens park garden designs regents park garden designers london st johns-wood-garden-landscapes staines gardens stanmore garden contractors totteridge garden supplier twickenham gardens victoria park gardeners london west london gardener west sussex gardeners london whetstone gardens


 





