


boulder valley lacrosse





































 log in
 sign up






















boulder valley lacrosse
                              
                               
                                      
















registration
log in
sign up

programs

winter indoor
spring league
boys summer camp
fall sunday skills
bvl fall league
boulder select


schedule

resources

2025 bvl calendar
bvl team formation
college commitments
important pre-game info
manhattan field map (fall 2024)


 registration



















join our bvl lacrosse community!




lacrosse parents-be sure to create an account here on our new website, powered by crossbar: sign upthis will ensure that you receive notifications about upcoming registrations, including our spring league, as we transition into this new email database from our previous provider.spring league registration will open on this website on january 1st. register early to secure your son's position- some grade levels may close as early as january 31st.









info for prospective parents & players




be sure to create an account on our new crossbar website to receive notifications about upcoming open registrations: create bvl accountspring is the primary season for lacrosse. our next spring league registration will open on january 1st, 2025. demand for spring placement is always extremely high, so we strongly recommend that you register early in january to insure a position for your son. registration for some age groups will close as early as january 31st.players of all experience levels (including beginners) are welcome to register for the bvl spring league. they will be placed automatically on the appropriate team for their age and experience.our 17th annual bvl summer camp at cu boulder will run from monday june 9th through wednesday june 11th, 2025. this day camp on the cu campus starts at 845am each morning and ends at 300pm each day. players receive lunch daily and a boulder lacrosse performance t-shirt. players are grouped by age and experience level- this camp is a great place for beginners to gain exposure to the skills and rules of lacrosse, and for experienced players to receive specialized instruction from great coaches in a small group setting.bvl fall ball runs on sundays in september and october. you will be able to register in mid-july for our traditional sunday skills program or the slv fall league. our sunday skills program consists of 6 sunday sessions which include fast-paced drills and scrimmages- it is open to players of all ability and experience levels. players will be grouped appropriately with other players of similar experience and age, in order to maximize skill development and build confidence.alternatively, our slv fall league program will include two sunday practices, and up to 6 games on sundays. fall league is designed for players with at least one season of competitive lacrosse experience, with bvl or another program.in november, december, and january, we hope to run our traditional winter indoor lacrosse program for selected age groups at the sport stable in superior. check our "programs" tab for any current or upcoming programming, as indoor lacrosse is a great way for players to develop skills in a fast-paced environment with quick reps and lots of touches on the ball.if you have lacrosse experience, please consider volunteering with bvl as a coach- email andrew@boulderlacrosse.org to express your interest in coaching.
















×
oops!


you have unsaved elements

                        please save or cancel the pending changes to the elements within your page and then try saving again.
                    


okay












partners






















about us
boulder valley lacrosse provides lacrosse programming for boys in grades 1-8, of all experience levels.  we organize teams in the spring and fall seasons, summer camps, and skill clinics in the fall and winter each year.


contact
andrew@boulderlacrosse.org

        boulder valley lacrosse
        po box 855
        lafayette, co 80026
        
    


powered by








©
                        
                        boulder valley lacrosse. all rights reserved.















refund policies
privacy policy
terms & conditions





confirm delete
        click the delete icon again to confirm. click escape to cancel.
    












