











carpentry and joinery swindon and wiltshire · the design shop







































































































pinterestfacebooktwitterinstagramphone: 01793 489970 | email: info@design-shop.co.uk 


interiors
exteriors
special projects
exhibitions

exhibition stand design
exhibition stand hire
custom exhibition stands
double decker exhibition stands
exhibition stand design brief
linx modular exhibition stands
exhibition testimonials
exhibition calendar
knowledge centre

why exhibit
when to exhibit
where to exhibit
what to exhibit
how to exhibit
win
tips on exhibiting
exhibition venues




shopping centre displays
commercial interiors
about us
contact us
search




menu


menu

 






a unique collection of some of the most talented carpenters and joiners in the countrytake a look at our work by browsing our home interior and exterior galleries. for the more unique carpentry and joinery, please take a look at our special projects.
who we are

the design shop is a unique collection of some of the most talented carpenters and joiners in the country.get a quote
what we offer

with a passion for what we do, we will lovingly manufacture to your requirements and to standards normally associated with the interiors of the rich and famous.
the level of detail and range of skills we have available are unlike anything you would experience from a traditional contractor or builder.
our carpentry and joinery craftsmen have been creating beautiful home interiors for over 30 years by transforming properties into modern living and working spaces. skilfully getting the most out of unusually shaped rooms where space is limited by using their knowledge and skills to create light and spacious environments with a combination of materials, colours, features and qualify fittings.




why use the design shop?

friendly and professional teamwe’ll talk you through the options available for your interior or exterior projects and offer friendly advice based on our experience.
nationwide serviceour network of trusted carpenters are some of the most experienced and versatile in the uk.

   

our services homes and offices
we design and install all kinds of interior and exterior home and office projects, from kitchens, bathrooms and garden furniture through to receptions, meeting rooms.
exhibitions
we design and build exhibition stands for trade shows all over the world.

work with us are you a carpenter or joiner and would like to become part of our network?
get in touch

contact us phone: 01793 489970
email: info@design-shop.co.uk
office hours: monday – friday: 9:00am – 5:30pm







© the design shop registered in england and wales: unit 38, whitehill industrial estate, whitehill lane, royal wootton bassett, swindon, sn4 7dbcompany no: 03706260 | vat no: 408 3504 71 | duns no: 237112359 - enfold wordpress theme by kriesi
pinterestfacebooktwitterinstagram






scroll to top

 










































