




 


pacific northwest forest service assoc. - home










pacific northwest forest service association (pnwfsa)






















home



store



log in



 













home




join




events




newsletter




emergency fund




grants




scholarships




donate




about us




links







 









the pacific northwest forest service assoc. had its origins in 1945
the pacific northwest forest service association had its origins in 1945  when the 30-year club was started in portland. 
we're a 501(c)(3) organization with over 800 membersspread all over the country.
we stay in contact with colleagues & friends made during our forest service careers.through grants, we help improve resources on national forests
and provide educational opportunities about those resources... more information
when disaster hits, we help forest service employees
or retirees & families recover financially... more information
we offer scholarships to students for college or trade schools... more information
 the fall newsletter contains articles about how the forest service is preserving its history, you'll meet the 2024 scholarship recipients, learn about a recent financial review and why dues are increasing, bob mcquown and deborah roy talk about mentoring during their careers, members recall memorable and inspiring mentors, and much more.       we stay up to date on national forest management and issues as well as pacific northwest research accomplishments.we gather for lunch the last friday of most months at the old spaghetti factory in portland, or, and each year at a banquet in may and a picnic in august.
see events for more information.
if you are a current or retired forest service employee with a pacific northwest connection, please consider joining us.  membership is complimentary for the first        year for new applicants.










upcoming events



america/los_angeles
monthly old smokeys luncheon

02/28/2025 11:30 am


old spaghetti factory, 715 s. bancroft st., portland, or 97239








the next old smokeys luncheon will be february 28, 2025.
the cost of the luncheon is $22/person.  reservations are required.  you can register by contacting debra warren, or by clicking here.  please register by february 27, 2025.
bev pratt scholarship fund accepting 2025 applications until february 28, 2025information on who qualifies and the application process can be found here.
 pacific northwest forest service association memberships to increase december 1, 2024
old smokeys president tom montoya shares important information about the need to increase membership dues.
the current grant cycle is now closed
the grant proposal window for 2024-2025 is now closed.   thanks to everyone who applied.
for more information click here.


see what's new with the 

national assoc of
forest service retirees
want more info?contact becki heath old smokeys nafsr representative













 








 


















home


join us


donate


store


site map








contact us




 










powered by wild apricot membership software











