










wm davis - somd general contractors












































  






somd's favorite general contractors

 

23942 prop way hollywood, md 20636

 

+301-475-2755

 

mon-fri: 7am - 4:30pm







 







menu











home
about us

our team


services

commercial
churches
custom homes
design / build
leasing
pre-engineered buildings
public safety
renovations


portfolio

before & after projects


contact us
 












quality that is guaranteed

more about us
get in touch








with commercial and public safety

see our services








to renovations and government

before and after pictures























read more




about us

 
read more







read more




reviews & events


project gallerysome of our favorite projects!






















dairy queen












davis residence after-min












varghese residence5 new construction-min












simpson residence5-min












foxwell condominiums2 new construction












mechanicsvile fire dep7












bay district fire dept new addition4












reno planet fitness









about our companyw.m. davis, inc., is a family owned general contracting and property management company that was founded by wayne m. davis, president/owner in may 1987 working out of his home and raising a family in st. mary's county, md.  over the last 25 years, w.m. davis, inc. has grown to a respected organization that provides a variety of general contracting services to the southern maryland counties of st. mary's, calvert and charles. w.m. davis, inc. has built a reputation of providing exceptional customer service and exceeding customer expectations.  in doing this, the company has developed relationships that have lasted over the years.
branching out into property development, we are also able to offer a variety of leased space for those clients who themselves have grown and are in need of space for their business or wish to relocate to this area. wayne's son, austin davis, is the second generation to join the company and serves as vice president.
mhic #51299 
md builder license # 395
calvert license #775
more about us
request more information

 













residentialcommercialrenovations/tenant fill-outpre-engineered buildingother services











δ


why choose us? 
 

specialized company
we are a contracting company specializing in bringing your projects to life.

 

day scheduling
we'll contact you within 1 business day to schedule an appointment.

 

licensed & insured
fully licensed and insured to protect your investments - mhic #51299 – md builder license # 395 - calvert license #775

 

free consultations
we offer free consultations for our services, and will provide you with an actual quote

 

dependable services
we take pride in the work we do. each project is finished in time and within budget

 

reputable company
operating for more than 30 years, having earned numerous local awards






next



previous

client testimonials
									






											our facility is a real showplace… we are especially pleased with the interior design. the w. m. davis personnel were easy to work with, and they were right on top of everything in a timely manner. i would highly recommend them to anyone thinking about constructing a commercial building.										

blair’s jewelry
rayner blair




											i have worked with w.m. davis, inc. for approximately eight years on a wide variety of projects, and would not hesitate to recommend them for any construction project you have in mind. as an architect, i have found that w.m. davis, inc. becomes more than the contractor by being part of the project team. their concern of working with the owner and architect ensures that the project reaches fruition.										

patuxent architects, inc.
paul d. kosla, r.a.


 

											the architectural firm of collins and kranstedt has been providing architectural services for w.m. davis, inc. since 1994 for a variety of building types and sizes. mr. davis approaches each job in a professional manner and his firm consistently completes buildings of high quality on time and on budget. it is always a pleasure to be involved in his projects.										

collins & kranstedt, architects
william m. collins




											the bay district fire department was most pleased with the professional approach that you and the skilled trade personnel of w. m. davis provided in the construction of our new lexington park station. we highly recommend w.m. davis, inc. for any future fire department/rescue squad construction projects.										

bay district volunteer fire department
robert e. braddock, president, bdvfd







 
 





about usw.m. davis, inc. has built a reputation of providing exceptional customer service and exceeding customer expectations.  in doing this, the company has developed relationships that have lasted over the years.

contact us nowextra navigationcommercial
design / build
custom homes
renovations
churches
pre-engineered buildings
public safety
our servicescommercial
design / build
custom homes
renovations
churches
pre-engineered buildings
public safety
working hoursmonday7:00am-4:30pmtuesday7:00am-4:30pmwednesday7:00am-4:30pmthursday7:00am-4:30pmfriday7:00am-4:30pmsaturdayby appointmentsundayby appointment 
 
for appointment please call: 301-475-2755 







copyright © 2019 wm davis, llc.









website / seo designed by peerless tech solutions





































