





poetry poem










poetrypoempoems poets sign in

please join us and add your poetry ... 
 










unleash your inner poet with quill!
discover, create, and refine your poetry with quill, your helpful ai virtual poetry assistant.
"quill transformed my poetry writing experience! a must-try for all poets." - tony leonard
rated 10 out of 10 by our users!

click to start using quill and unleash your creativity!
get started now





poetry by sirrickythe new creationi saw the new heaven and earth,
first heaven and earth passed away;
the sea no longer had its worth,
of the fish that had gone astray.
 
the holy city of zion,
the new jerusalem came down;
out  ...   more 




 




sponsors

 dreamweaver poetry by kris ~ dreamweaver~welcome to dreamland~ read my poems to know me. i am in my poems.www.poetrypoem.com/dreamweaverwithout you mum22nd february 1912-29th may 1989i lost my mother on 29th may 1989, 35 years ago.it feels as if i lost her yesterday and i still have not come to terms with my loss and i don't think i ever will. t ...   more   poet5170 poetry by elsie*welcome to my world* ~ read my poems full of fact, fiction and fantasy.poetrypoem.com/poet5170look carefullylook carefullylook in my eyes and what you seelooks back at you to you from me,`love` is the word you`re looking forlook no further and search no more.all that you need you`ll find in ...   more   poeticmaster poetry by poeticmaster691feedback and critique requested.poetrypoem.com/poeticmaster691 ...   more   malibupoetess life lines by malibu poetessstop by and stay awhile critique requested.poetrypoem.com/malibupoetesslast dancei woke with the whisper-imageof a mass of wind-swept golden curls,awash in desert sandand boyish sweat,dirt and motorcycle greasethen, there was ´the grin´huge and dopey. mouth corners wouldu ...   more   poetry1815poetry by poetry1815feedback and critique requested.poetrypoem.com/poetry1815trying to go on....caught in a whirlwind of emotionsturbulent rain and windhow do i begin again?you hurt me in the endtrying to get past the painemotionally drainedbeing tormented continuallyloving uncondition ...   more   chefraidpoetry by chefraidfeedback and critique requested.poetrypoem.com/chefraidexpression.around the corner i have a friend, in this great city that has no end, yet the days go by and weeks rush on, and before i know it, a year is gone. and never see my old friends face, for life is a ...   more   gshaw57 poetry by gshaw57feedback and comment poetry of the soulpoetrypoem.com/gshaw57america's momentit was tuesday evening´november 4 2008when i gander toward the skymy eyes teary with pride´it was truly a hypnotic moment     a historic moment          a moment of unity´a political moment´an  ...   more   waterdragon our next poet laureate! yaya!remarkable contemporary poetry by award-winning author of out of cullen street (a house of madness)poetrypoem.com/waterdragonit´s just so 21st century!´tis the night before christmasand all through housenot a creature is stirring´cuz everyone´s sousedher stockings are thrownon the floor, over thereand he´s curled up snoringin his favorite ...   more   portuguesesoul poetry by portuguesesoulfeedback and critique requested.poetrypoem.com/portuguesesoulde dignidade.... (portuguese)pris´o combinadasem escolha ou voltaoprimida de inf´nciaveladas inf´miasiludidas e submissas´s m´os tortuosasdementes veladas.mudas em banhosde corrozivos sais perfumadosensurdecidos gritos ...   more   soulfire poetry by soulfiresoulfire fire for your soulpoetrypoem.com/soulfireover (pt2)its been a while since i felt like thisbut than again its been a while since i had to take awaymyself in order to rebuilt myselfbecause i point no fingers for these feelings i've developonly my se ...   more   splishsplashbyjdw poetry by splishsplashbyjdwfeedback and critique requested.splishsplashbyjdwwhere are the chopperswe were pinned downcharlie was holding a ambushno choppers seem to be around it had been a full moonwe would be gonershopefully choppers soon  the gooks were hunting usto the nor ...   more   athanase poetry by athanasefeedback and critique requested.poetrypoem.com/athanasefronti´res inachev´es du songe (po´me n´1 french / english)1. 

la mauve gravité des jours,
le rouge au pourtour dentelé du coucher du soleil,
poèmes et rêves, frontières inachevées
entre l ...   more   norrie5 message in poetrypersonalised poetry, red heartshaped bottle extra special gift for a loved onepoetrypoem.com/norrie5a capital idealondon, the heart of our nation.we look to her, with admiration.since i was a child,  how it´s grown,intensity and size, now full-blown.taken in peoples around the world,as streets and area´s hav ...   more   poet6697 poetry by poet6697feedback and critique requested.poetrypoem.com/poet6697kathleen"kathleen"there were many happy timestogether in our pastyou were the love of my lifei knew it would forever lastwe both were so stubbornyet the love was always therewe could ha ...   more 




poetrypoem statistics


members (log in | register)
120,419


 poets
82,661


poems
1,003,031


feedbacks
858,857


guestbook entries
106,168


advertise


poetry patrons
help and tips



publish poetry online

share your poems with the world. no technical skills required - just add poetry!





poetry prime poets

poetry2071feel  blessed  peace  in  nature  with  the  glow  of  love  in  the---midnight--moomfeel  blessed  peace==in* mother* nature
with  the  beautiful __ mesmerizing
spectacular* full>>moon
b r i l l i a n t l y
crystal   clear
majestically
stunningly
brightly
a* clear* as
day___ ...   more dreamweaverwithout you mum22nd february 1912* 29th may 1989i lost my mother on 29th may 1989, 35 years ago.it feels as if i lost her yesterday and i still have not come to terms with my loss and i don't think i ever will.  ...   more poet5170look carefullylook carefullylook in my eyes and what you seelooks back at you to you from me,`love` is the word you`re looking forlook no further and search no more.all that you need you`ll find in ...   more wordsoflovetrapped from within

life moves so fast, it spins like a top and falls just a quick as it turns. 
its like yesterday i picked up my pen to write, 
when the words would fall from my mind on to my paper 
be it tears, ...   more petepofta de rătăcire a unui vampirpofta de rătăcire a unui vampiri would pray for your soulif i didnt partake of thema delicacy since turnedby a charming galpromising the world.so upon a wanderlust i amtasting many a ...   more stormy62winters white harsh will
	
	
	
	winters white harsh will
	
	
	to not see your smile in the morning,
	or hear your laughter, through the day
	simply means, my world is empty
	lacking luster meant to stay
	 
	the w ...   more theunfairnessofangelsmodern day dating
	 

	
	
	 

	
		modern day dating


	
		the echo dot plays the cranberries "linger"
	
		as i watch repeats of the masked singer
	
		(half heartily) as i am on the couch on tinder
	
 ...   more poemsfromtheidtwin horse citytwin horse city

your town's expanded from "one horse"
and things are looking up.
to make a plain comparison,
it's like big dog from pup.

new stores are sprouting here and there,
an ...   more smallstepsdrill, drill, drillno canticle for the orange manafter freedoms hes taking awayjust a sense of rising fearwith every approaching day.the future doesnt matter only the infamy or fame slowly being added tothe chari ...   more poetryofadovewe will not bow!
neburhadazzar the king made all gold
he set it in up in the plain of dora in the provice of babylon

then when the played intruments he commanded that they fell down in worshiped
and whoever so  ...   more bladesongwordswords are like little snippets of magic, floating in the air.i am often bemused to find them hanging there.i listen to conversations, as rhymes dance in my mind,my granddaughter knows i'm an alien; ...   more poetryandprophecywhat is god doing?rehma verses telling you the storywhat is god doing? 2* 2* 25matthew 13:30*  god is separating the wheat in tare.isaiah 60:1* 3 in the day of deep darkness the light shall shineproverbs 3:25 "you ...   more poet7479a pure - and solid - golden ring .
	a pure *  and solid *  golden ring .
	
	by stella c mitchell .
	december 2024 .
	
	""""""""""""""""""& ...   more reyna1sweet dreams, sweet dreams!sweet dreams, sweet dreamscome to me nightly of you,the serenade of our souls becoming one,as tide rises andfalls with each beat of our hearts,moving ever so gentlywith the incoming waves, ...   more aitaducky2024dear momma dear momma ,if u could receive this song in heaven where i long to be with you. i know you are living the promise that you believe in and that you taught your children to do. oooh dear momma i love an ...   more dejavue54"the best part"i remember the day i saw you and we passed by each otheri knew in my heart you were my king and there would not be another we glanced back at each other and our eyes meti knew i married the righ ...   more ladydp2000today  and  forever  ( the  quatern  style  ) have   a    very   lovely  day!* what people think jesus coming back will look like  vs  how the bible describes it.* glitter* graphics.com~ today and forev ...   more koshervikingwar
	war

	 

	no more crying my little baby

	the time has come for you to rest

	close your eyes my beautiful baby

	lay your head upon my chest.

	the world can no longer hurt you

	the ...   more preciouspoetessembers




	~embers~
	

	
	it's all been reduced to ash 
	only a chimney left standing 
	is a stark reminder of the fires 
	that are tearing through los angeles 
	
	still the inferno rages on  ...   more liveloi4evernot like abel written by live loi in 2006and revised in 2011, 2022, 2024god pick a gift of abel, not of cain he love a gift of abel, not of cain not like abel, why? cos i am like cain therefore, i'm sinni ...   more buddybeeanthonydenveranother boom and busted gold rush town.
usurping wilderness, teeming with bears, foxes, 
replaced
with industrial de* evolution.
a suffocating, choking high metropolis.
the oxygen thing air,
in  ...   more [ complete list of ad free poets ]

















		 


poetry contest leader - past winners



title: the  waters,  of  our--living,  and  our-== lifeby: john jungers (8 votes)

rules |  leaders



let us know how we can improve


about poetrypoem
poetrypoem is a website that allows you to create, read, and share poetry. we offer a variety of features and tools that enable you to express your creativity and connect with others who share an interest in poetry.

poetry submission: you submit your own original poems to the site, which you review and publish on the platform under your account.
poetry library: we have a large collection of poems from various authors, including both classic and contemporary works. users can browse through the library and read poems by different writers.
personalized poem generation: users can use the site's "poem generator" tool to create personalized poems based on their name, feelings, or interests.
community interaction: poetrypoem allows users to interact with each other through comments, messages, and forums. this feature enables users to engage with one another, share feedback, and collaborate on writing projects.
writing contests: we host regular writing contests and challenges, providing users with opportunities to showcase their skills and win prizes.
resources and learning materials: in addition to its focus on creating and sharing poetry, poetrypoem also provides resources and learning materials for those looking to improve their writing skills. these include tutorials, workshops, and articles on topics such as poetry techniques, forms, and styles.
social media integration: users can share their poems and other content directly from the site to social media platforms like facebook, twitter, and instagram.
user profiles: members can create their own profiles on the site, which can include information about their writing background, interests, and publishing history.
collaborative writing: poetrypoem supports collaboration between members, allowing them to co-author poems and share ideas.
mobile app accessibility: the website is optimized for mobile devices, ensuring that users can access it conveniently from anywhere using their smartphones or tablets.

overall, poetrypoem serves as a vibrant online community where people can come together to celebrate the art of poetry, enhance their writing abilities, and build meaningful connections with like-minded individuals.




© copyright each author. all rights reserved.
poems | poets | sign up
legacyspace
advertise
twitter | f | contact us

terms | privacy   | about | sign in


newsletter - coming soon





