


northern utah real estate, powder mountain, huntsville, eden, liberty utah realty, utah real estate, ogden valley, utah, homes for sale, find homes, find property, ogden valley homes, ogden valley properties, northern utah homes, northern utah properties, search listings, certified market analysis, price my home, my homes value, home search, buying home, selling home, buying house, selling house, condos, townhouse, agent, realtor, doug and jamie lythgoe, land in utah


















featured homessearch for propertiesogden valley propertiesogden valley livinglinks and informationabout us












northern utah real estate features a team of qualified professional agents specializing in selling homes and land on the wasatch front of utah. doug and jamie lythgoe of re/max community lead a team of top sales agents.


 


doug lythgoe                                                       jamie lythgoe                                       

our team members have certifications and designations including abr (accredited
          buyer agent), gri (graduate realtors institute), a member of the institute for
          luxury home marketing and an e-pro specializing in internet marketing of real
    estate. 
buyers and sellers benefit from our high quality of service when buying or
        selling homes, land, investment properties and second homes.
our team members live in the beautiful ogden valley and enjoy the broad range of
        recreation that surrounds the area including golf, skiing, snowboarding, wake
        surfing, hiking, biking. . . you name it! the team is a great resource of where
        to go and what to do while here in utah. our team members have worked as
        mountain hosts introducing guests to utah's best powder skiing. shhh-don't tell
        too many people, we want to save some for ourselves.
teams make all the difference. why hire a realtor when you can hire a team!

other resources:


- general information
    - utah information
    - recreation
    - community
  - real estate      


general information:
infoplease.com
a great source for information on almost any topic. great almanac, encyclopedia, homework help, atlas, and dictionary.
terraserver.com
your window to the world. aerial photos and maps.
mapquest.com
get driving directions, maps, and trip planning on this helpful site.
dexknows.com
phone numbers, address lookup, and local information.
weather.com
find national and local weather conditions.
top

utah information:

utah.gov
great resource for living in utah. also provides government services and utah information.
utah jobs 
jobs in utah
utah cares 
      source for state and community services
utah.com
stuff to do and see. recreation and more on this - the official travel site of the state of utah.
ovba.org
ogden valley business association. business info for eden, liberty, and huntsville areas with community calendars.
ogdencvb.org
learn about ogden area attractions. great resource for visitors.
echamber.cc
ogden/weber chamber of commerce. business and area info.
webergrowth.com
weber economic development corp. info on labor and doing business in weber county.

    standard examiner
northern utah newspaper.
top 
recreation:
skiutah.com   - your source for utah skiing info
all the resort stats in utah. if you are planning a ski trip to utah,
visit this site.
powdermountain.com
snow report, rates, lodging, and information for the best skiing and boarding in utah.
powmowcondos.com
lodging information at powder mountain.
utah jazz
utah jazz is one of doug's favorites. get all jazz info and products on this site.
rockiesgolf.com
utah golf authority. info on area golf courses.
top 
community:

greatschools.net
check out school performances, compare different schools, parent tips, and help for a successful educational experience.

family support center
    family support and treatment center
utah parent center
help for families with special needs children
utah pta 
    parent and teachers organization  
top 
real estate:
utahrealestate.com
search for homes, land, and commercial properties here.
re/max.com - the best real estate site for nationwide and beyond
connect worldwide with the premier national franchise selling real estate today.
nationalhomesearch.com
search for homes across the nation.
top

doug & jamie lythgoe 
  re/max community 
visit our website: northernutahrealestate.com for info 
buying or selling--we can help! 801.430.6465 doug 
801.430.6462 jamie 




