


the devil's dictionary, online & unabridged









a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m


n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z


thedevilsdictionary.com

preface:
the devil's dictionary was begun in a weekly paper in 1881, and was continued in a
			desultory way and at long intervals until 1906. in that year a large part of it was published in covers with the title the cynic's word book, a name
			which the author had not the power to reject nor the happiness to approve. to quote the publishers of the present work: "this more reverent title had previously
			been forced upon him by the religious scruples of the last newspaper in which a part of the work had appeared, with the natural consequence that when it came out
			in covers the country already had been flooded by its imitators with a score of 'cynic' books—the cynic's this, the cynic's that and the
			cynic's t'other. most of these books were merely stupid, though some of them added the distinction of silliness. among them, they brought the word 'cynic'
			into disfavor so deep that any book bearing it was discredited in advance of publication."
meantime, too, some of the enterprising humorists of the country had helped themselves to such parts of the work as served their needs, and many of its
			definitions, anecdotes, phrases and so forth, had become more or less current in popular speech. this explanation is made, not with any pride of priority in
			trifles, but in simple denial of possible charges of plagiarism, which is no trifle. in merely resuming his own the author hopes to be held guiltless by those to
			whom the work is addressed—enlightened souls who prefer dry wines to sweet, sense to sentiment, wit to humor and clean english to slang.
a conspicuous, and it is hoped not unpleasant, feature of the book is its abundant illustrative quotations from eminent poets, chief of whom is that learned and
			ingenious cleric, father gassalasca jape, s.j., whose lines bear his initials. to father jape's kindly encouragement and assistance the author of the prose text
			is greatly indebted.
a.b.

don't panic:
as a candid reference, the devil's dictionary is often not safe for work (nsfw).
more from mike leung:

the wonderful wizard of oz for screen & tablet
alice's adventures in wonderland for screen & tablet
dante's inferno for screen & tablet
pick bingo numbers anywhere




contact mike:
email: * leave empty to submit
your email: * 
subject: * 
message:


enable javascript to display


preface


e-mail
share:
twitter
facebook




