







united action for animals dublin - dogs, pets, nutrition























































skip to contentskip to content








ua4a



please install woocommerce plugin 



search for:







message us get appointment






menumenu




home
adopting a pet
helping feral cats
about
get in touch
 close menuclose menu










 

united action for animals


read moreread more







previous



next






united action for animals






 

online betting & animals welfareonline betting & animals welfare

for centuries, countries around the world have placed








 

top cbd oil products suitable for dogstop cbd oil products suitable for dogs

using cbd oil for dogs is a wonderful








 

4 very compelling reasons to adopt – not buy – your next pet4 very compelling reasons to adopt – not buy – your next pet

breeders and pet shops have long been the








 

here’s how you can help feral cats in your neighborhoodhere’s how you can help feral cats in your neighborhood

feral cats populate many communities, both rural and








 
online betting & animals welfare
october 16, 2019
 

 

for centuries, countries around the world have placed bets on animals that would compete against each other. from horse racing to greyhound racing, and even the combat of dogs to the death in some countries, this has been happening nonstop. however, there are new laws in place that have limited the ability of people to set up these competitions. in fact, it is looking like more laws are going to be passed that will gradually eliminate the use of animals for the express purpose of gambling. here is an overview of recent events that have occurred which may lead to the end of online betting for animals’ welfare.
the origins of animal betting 
betting on animals likely originated from the origins of gambling itself which began in china thousands of years ago. although countries, such as greece, prohibited gambling of any kind, it still permeated many different areas of the world. in modern times, horse racing and greyhound racing has been extremely popular. greyhound racing began in england back in the 1800s, and by the 1900s, a professional dog racing track was opened up in california. horse racing is thought to have gone back to places like babylon and egypt, and in egypt in the 1700s, horse racing was very prominent. today, we take these types of racing events to be quite common and normal. however, people in our modern-day are more concerned about the condition of the animals and what it is doing to them along the way. although gambling itself is not a problem in certain areas, it is the concern for the welfare of the animals that has prompted thousands of people to try to outlaw both of these types of events. there are specific reasons that they are concerned about the welfare of the animals which has to do with the training and the races.
why are people concerned about these types of events? 
the primary reason that people are concerned about these events is that those that train the animals, and those that bet on them, are only concerned about money. they will push the animals to their limit, ensuring that they are in the lead, or that their animal is the one that will win. whether this is a race or some other type of competition, it puts undue stress on the animals that are used. in the same way that circuses use to have live animals that would perform tricks, which have been banned in many places, these new laws may lead to the full protection of animals used for these purposes.

main arguments that are presented 
some of the top arguments that are used include the fact that animals, even though they will survive, or significantly injured or damaged as a result of these competitions. if you have ever seen horse racing, the jockey is constantly beating the horse in order to make it run faster. similar sports are also very cruel to animals, pushing them to their limits. only those that recognize that animals have rights are pushing for new laws and regulations that will curtail, or eventually eliminate, these types of competitions.
will these be federal or state laws? 
there are both federal and state laws that limit or prohibit certain activities involving animals and bedding. for example, the racing of greyhound dogs, one of the fastest animals on earth, was passed to protect these animals because of the extensive amount of betting and cruelty that was involved in getting them ready for competition. in some ways, this is beneficial for everyone involved. those that are addicted to gambling will have to curtail their desire to bet and win. it is certainly good for the animals that were part of these gambling operations. regardless of whether it is a federal or state law or regulation, these are slowly becoming more common as more people become aware of how damaging these competitions are for the animals.
what is the primary impetus for passing these laws? 
although a person might believe that these laws are passed to simply limit gambling, it’s really all about the animals. whether you are focused on dogs, horses, or other animals that are in different competitions worldwide, it is for the protection of these creatures. there are laws that will protect animals from owners that are beating their animals, and they can be charged for animal cruelty. it is from this premise that the new laws that are proposed, and those that have passed, have actually come into being. by simply relating the fact that animal cruelty is illegal, and applying this to racing and gambling with animals, it is clear that something would eventually be done.

will this mean the end of horse and dog racing? 
despite concerns over the revenue that is actually produced through this type of racing for countries and states, those that are pushing these laws are not concerned at all. for example, in the united kingdom, horse racing is a very large part of their society. in fact, it generated billions of dollars in revenue. in the united states, especially over the last few decades, there has been a definitive decrease in animal racing tracks that can be found in america. some of the most popular locations, such as in the state of florida, have lost out to voters who are going to ban greyhound racing which will come into effect in 2020.
at some point in time, is feasible that all racing involving animals will come to an end. it just a sign of the times, the recognition of the rights of animals and the fact that many of them are suffering. as time progresses, people will gradually have to transition their focus on animal betting to something else. it is a good maneuver, one that is beneficial for the animals, and will likely lead to other profitable ways for states and countries to generate revenue that are more appealing. regardless, we are quickly seeing the end of horse racing and greyhound racing as we know it.

 
top cbd oil products suitable for dogs
august 19, 2019august 16, 2021
 

 

using cbd oil for dogs is a wonderful idea as long as it’s dog-friendly.
several products may have cbd listed on them but are filled with ingredients that aren’t good for the dog. this is why it’s important to dig through these details before making a choice. there is no reason to put your dog in harm’s way by not thinking about how the cbd oil will be used and how it’s going to work on the pet.
here are the qualities associated with dog-friendly cbd oil when it is time to make a choice.
1) 100% organic
start with the basics and look at what is in the cbd oil. there are options available that may promise the world but are filled with unwanted additives that are bad for dogs. this is a major risk and it’s important to analyse what is in the cbd oil as soon as possible. without analysing it, you may not realise what is going into the dog’s body until it is too late.
the best approach is to go through the label and make sure it is provided by a top-tier supplier. if not, there is a risk associated with potential lying that takes place when it comes to cbd oils. a good supplier is going to make sure the oil is 100% organic and is exactly as it is advertised. this is what makes all the difference in the world when it is time to choose one way or the other. if you are unsure about a certain cbd oil company, move onto another option. it is better to do this rather than taking a chance and putting the dog’s life at risk.
2) consistent and proven suppliers 
the best place to start would be to see what the suppliers are like when it comes to dog-friendly cbd oils. some providers make sure their cbd oil is pure and is in line with what a dog needs. remember, if the oil isn’t organic, it is not going to bode well for the dog’s health. this is why it is best to sit down and take a look at whether or not a supplier is the real deal. by doing this, you are going to keep the dog safe and the benefits will start to pop up too over time.
this is something dog owners have to stay focused on from day one.
if necessary, take the time to speak to a representative from one of these suppliers. they will shed light on what they do and how the cbd oil is produced. having this information may put you at ease and make it a simpler buying process. otherwise, you may not want to give the dog what has been bought for them.
by analysing the cbd oil and supplier, you can make an informed decision. this is the power of a high-quality solution and all that it has to offer.
3) liquid form 
there are several variations of cbd on the open market but it’s important to go with the oil. if you come across something that is capsule form, it is best to steer clear of this option because it is not going to work for your dog. the liquid form is easier to digest and is going to work well with the dog’s digestive system.
most people will look into other options but that is not the right way to go!
you want to keep things straightforward by focusing on something as empowering as cbd oil. it will organise your approach and make it easier to stay consistent.
when it comes to giving the dog their dosage, it is a lot easier to take out the cbd oil in comparison to other options. this alone makes it an ideal solution when it is time to invest.
the beauty of the cbd market right now has to do with the number of options available to dog owners. you are not limited to one or two options and that alone makes it easier to decide. just focus on doing your research and the right solution will become easier to find.
4) credentialed supplier 
you have to find a cbd oil supplier that is the real deal and has gone through accreditation processes beforehand. this shows they are the real deal and have been doing this for a long time.
otherwise, you may end up with a supplier that is new to the business and doesn’t know what they are doing.
5) guaranteed testing 
testing is essential when it is time to see the legitimacy of cbd oil.
it’s important to assess what the testing standards were for a supplier before moving forward with a purchase. certain suppliers refuse to pay attention to their cbd oil batches and assume everything is okay. this is a risky proposition and is one of the reasons people end up with something unsafe to use.

when it comes to your dog’s health, it’s always important to choose a supplier that’s serious about its testing standards. this is the only way to make sure the results are going to work out as intended.
when the testing isn’t on par with your requirements, it’s best to move on. don’t take the chance as the wrong type of cbd oil is only going to pose issues to the dog’s health and won’t be worth the hassle. it’s better to look at a trusted supplier that has appropriate testing standards in place.
final thoughts 
stay patient while going through the different options ensuring you get something ideal for the dog. several options on the market may promise to work well but aren’t going to deliver appropriate results. this is why it’s best to spend time on this part of the purchasing process and make sure you see what is available. you can easily buy health supplements like these from an online pet shop or a normal health store. this is the only way to feel confident in what you are giving to your dog before including it in their life. 
when you take your time, it will go a long way in delivering the health advantages desired from high-grade cbd oil.

 
4 very compelling reasons to adopt – not buy – your next pet
february 7, 2019february 3, 2023
 

 

breeders and pet shops have long been the standard for acquiring new pets when we want to grow our families with an animal companion. many people, even in this day and age of information, remain unaware of the benefits of adopting pets instead of going through these common avenues. we’re here to illustrate several of the many compelling reasons to adopt instead of shop around for a new furry, feathery or scaly pet.
you save a life
unfortunately, many of the animal shelters in operation today are shelters that will euthanize animals to make room for new additions. adopting from a shelter with a high kill-rate (or any kill-rate) saves the lives of animals outright. even in the case of no-kill shelters, you can adopt an animal that would have otherwise spent his or her remaining days in the shelter. not only does adopting from shelters save the lives of animals, but it also helps to preserve the quality of the life they have left.
you combat against pet overpopulation
you’ve heard the phrase, “spay and neuter your pets,” right? despite how commonly this phrase is touted, many people don’t adhere to it in practice. millions of cats and dogs are euthanized each year, and overpopulation is in no small part to blame for that fact.
breeders and pet shops contribute to this by encouraging the reproduction of animals, so the sensible thing is to adopt from a shelter if overpopulation is a worry of yours.
you take a stand against mass breeding
backyard breeders and mass-breeding facilities are responsible for many issues that common pet animals face all the time. in unscrupulous breeding operations (and even some breeding operations/breeders with a great reputation) mother pets are often confined and forced to reproduce repeatedly. they live their lives without human companionship and love, often in deplorable and unhealthy conditions. once they’ve outlived their usefulness, they are euthanized. many lead pet dog groomers agree with this tragic breeding method.
many of the animals resulting from these practices are prone to medical problems that give them short and painful lives. and this practice thrives because people insist on buying animals from these sources. by refusing to do that and adopting from a shelter instead, you are taking your own stand against these awful practices and helping minimize the demand for mass breeding.
you know this pet has received great care
when adopting from a reputable and accredited no-kill shelter, you can rest assured that you are adopting a pet that has been treated to the resources that the shelter has to offer. this includes veterinary care. in fact, many shelters won’t adopt out any animals that are not fit to leave the watchful eye of the shelter’s staff.

 
here’s how you can help feral cats in your neighborhood
february 1, 2019february 7, 2019
 

 

feral cats populate many communities, both rural and urban, and their numbers only seem to grow year after year. it may be easy to look at this as a nuisance to humans, but it’s important to remember that these felines have not chosen this life. unscrupulous owners who neglected, abandoned or failed to spay/neuter their pets are to blame for this occurrence. upon realizing this harsh truth of the matter, you may feel compelled to give the feral cats around you a helping hand. here’s how you can do exactly that. 

recruit the help of a tnr agency
tnr stands for “trap, neuter, and return.” this is a common practice used to help control feral cat populations. essentially, the tnr agency (often sponsored by a shelter or other animal welfare association) can help concerned neighbors trap feral cats, take them to a vet where they will be spayed or neutered, and then returned to where they came from. this doesn’t permanently remove the feral cats from their conditions, but it does stave off the devastating effects of overpopulation and rampant reproduction. 
get in contact with your neighbors
it would serve the feral cats in your community well for any concerned humans to get in touch with their fellow neighbors. this is useful in helping to track where these cats are hanging out and may even help you figure out where they came from in the first place. neighbors can – and should – work together for the betterment of the four-legged creatures that comprise their community. this is also a great opportunity to inform neighbors of the benefits of tnr programs. 
offer food and shelter
many feral cats cannot be caught on any human’s terms and are not adoptable for this and other reasons. leave out food where the cats can safely and easily access it. you can check the level in the food dish to see how quickly it is disappearing. if it is vanishing rapidly, then you may have more than one feral feline skulking around. 
during inclement weather, feral cats are vulnerable to the elements. if at all possible, try to provide a means of shelter for these animals. if you have a barn or shed that won’t be compromised by their presence, this is great. but not everyone has that option. if you don’t, you can make a makeshift cat house out of a storage tote or even a box. fill it with hay or towels for warmth. it may not be a 5-star resort, but it’s much better than freezing to death. 
the most important thing that you can do is to ensure that feral cats are spayed or neutered. look out for tipped ears, which are ears that have been modified to signify that the cat has been fixed. once you can breathe easily knowing that your neighbor cats won’t be reproducing, you can direct your focus to other things, up to and including containing and even adopting them yourself. 




topback to top







categories

adopting a pet

general

helping feral cats






location address: 1633 small street, new york, ny 10016, usa
phone no: 212-885-3831
email: info@ua4a.orgusername

 


 


 






pet care wordpress theme by themesglance















