







alec soth



 





my name is alec soth (rhymes with ‘both’). i live in minnesota. my newest book, advice for young artists, is now available from mack. 




            menu
    
alec soth



	    		projects	    	



	    		calendar	    	



	    		about	    	



	    		contact	    	













advice for young artists is now available from mack. recent press in the guardian, ocula, w magazine, the star tribune.









alec soth: a room of rooms is on view at the tokyo photographic art museum from october 10, 2024–january 19, 2025.









gathered leaves annotated is now available from mack. it accompanies solo exhibitions at versicherungskammer kulturstiftung in munich, may 2022 and at the museum of modern art, hayama, japan, june 2022.









gathered leaves, the museum of modern art, kamakura & hayama, hayama, japan. june 2022









a pound of pictures. mack, 2022.
      
‘[an] obsessive ode to image-making ... this serendipitous approach has become soth’s signature.’ new yorker
    
‘[a pound of pictures] gathers together a number of superlative photographs..he’s delivered his most personal body of work in at least a decade, and that risk-taking openness feels encouragingly contagious.‘ collector daily    
    
‘following along with soth as his photographic journey has unfolded over the years is not unlike keeping in touch with a friend who is excited to let you in on their latest discovery. whether you are an astute photo enthusiast...or just interested in photography in general, i don’t think you’ll be disappointed by this work.’ the washington post
    
‘as viewers invest works with meaning, and as we respond to these pictures with reveries of our own, we make them larger, heavier, though not with mass so much as with metaphor or memory...the joy of a pound of pictures is that it allows soth, and us, to create meaning for these works beyond what is given.’ hyperallergic    
       
‘alec soth [is] the great road-tripping witness of american life … a pound of pictures free-associates … connections and themes emerge. one is a sense of people searching among wasteland wildflowers for something unknown.’ the guardian    
          
‘[a pound of pictures] captures the ordinariness of american life and elevates it to something poetic.’ artnet    
   
  ‘soth has been one of the great visual chroniclers of the american condition...but his new project, a pound of pictures, takes a turn inward. here, america as soth finds it serves less as a subject than as a vehicle to examine the photographic medium itself, and his relationship to it.’ the paris review    
       
‘soth creates sonnets, elegies and odes to american life that engage both intuition and the imagination in equal measure … a pound of pictures is a window into both our world and soth’s process itself.’ another    
    
‘[an] expansive lyrical contemplation of the nature of photography itself and of the innate human impulse to document our own lives.’ i-d









a pound of pictures at sean kelly, new york, january 14–february 26, 2022.recent press: collector daily, widewalls, musée, another, galerie magazine, juxtapoz, the guardian, this is tomorrow, the art newspaper, breaking latest news, star tribune, the new yorker.
photo credit: cooper dodds






a pound of pictures by alec soth will be released by mack in january 2022 along with exhibitions at sean kelly gallery in new york, weinstein hammons in minneapolis, and fraenkel gallery in san francisco.









the space between us, three shadows photography art centre, xiamen, china, october 6–november 14, 2021.









paris / minnesota,  nemeth art center, park rapids, minnesota, july 22 – october 2, 2021









i know how furiously your heart is beating, cortona on the move, cortona, italy, july 15–october 3, 2021.









the palms, alec soth and dave king at mass moca, june 25 & 26, 8pm. purchase tickets.









the space between us, ocat, xi'an, china. january 23 – may 30, 2021






pictures & words #1






alec discusses real time vs. stoytime on youtube









i know how furiously your heart is beating, arendt house, luxembourg, december 12, 2020 – april 15, 2021






rambling through eggleston's democratic forrest on youtube






alec discusses john cage and other things on youtube









the palms january 30, 2021, 8pm. alec soth and dave king. commissioned by the great northern. (purchase tickets) reviews in the star tribune and mpls.st.paul magazine.









the parameters of our cage by c. fausto cabrera & alec soth is available for preorder at mack. recent press about the parameters of our cage in the guardian, star tribune, buzzfeed, cnn, the new yorker, the washington post.









i know how furiously your heart is beating, foam, amsterdam, netherlands, september 10–december 6, 2020









alec soth: the space between us, shanghai xiang cheng center of photography, shanghai, china. august 1–october 18, 2020






alec soth gives a tour of his library for mack live on april 16, 2020.









alec soth: photography is a language. kunst haus wien. vienna, austria. february 26–august 16, 2020









the little brown mushroom newsletter is alec's latest experimental project at lbm. sign up today!









desire lines: reframing the american road trip narrative in alec soth’s photographs by rebecca bengal for ima magazine, vol 30. this article is now on magnum photos






a new online course titled alec soth: photographic storytelling is now available at learn.magnumphotos.com









monika. warsaw. 2018 is discussed in this interview with aaron schuman about learning from failure.






director brennan vance recently released a short film through mn originals about happiness and the farmhouse.









sleeping by the mississippi is on view at the minnesota marine art museum until september 1, 2019. this solo exhibition features a selection of 21 large-scale photographs from the series.









luxora, arkansas, 2002 is included in the exhibition go down moses curated by teju cole. the exhibition opens at the museum of contemporary photography in chicago on july 18, 2019.









recent press: new york times, guardian, photograph magazine, magnum, vice, huck, star tribune, another, minn post, monopol, wall street international, mpr news, art news, document, daily art magazine, minnesota monthly, t magazine, internazionale, artsy, garage, sleek, asx, berlin art link, photobookstore magazine, feature shoot, domus, wallpaper, lens culture, art observed, brooklyn rail, financial times, w magazine, washington post, new yorker.






alec soth and vince aletti in conversation at sean kelly gallery, april 4, 2019.









i know how furiously your heart is beating. a conversation in t magazine with hanya yanagihara.









i know how furiously your heart is beating. featured on the new york times lens blog









i know how furiously your heart is beating. featured by sean o'hagan in the guardian









alec soth on the intimacy of personal space in huck magazine









bruce nauman, the artist’s artist shot for t magazine.






desert island pics. alec soth in conversation at the barbican for photoworks









children of the epidemic shot for the new york times magazine.









this land, pier 24, san francisco, ca, june 1–march 31, 2019









in focus: expressions, j. paul getty museum, los angeles, ca, may 22–october 7, 2018


  

