



helping you get published | editorial services and resources for book authors











services | links  | guides | articles  | social media | affiliates | who i am | contact me
  
 for over two decades, striving for your success . . . 
home page   








helping you get published editorial services and resources
comprehensive professional editing & consulting for emerging & mid-career book authors
this is the updated, streamlined version of the helpingyougetpublished.com website that went online in 1999. still owned and operated by the book author, editor, and literary consultant patricia anderson, phd, helping you get published continues to serve promising book authors seeking literary agents and traditional publishers or outstanding self-publication.
get started with an overview of editorial services and resources . . .

the photo shows examples of fiction and nonfiction by helping you get published authors. for more titles, see the select bibliography of client books listed by genre.
 
 

services and resources for book writing and publishing success
editorial services
 all about editing, including manuscript assessment, and the benefits for you.
links for authors
 connect with literary agents, publishers, publishing news, book reviews, professional writers' associations, and more.
book trade guides
 find out publishers' and literary agents' submission requirements and contact information.
articles for authors
writing for publication: what do you need to know?
social media
 popular favorites with my own focus on writing, editing, and publishing.
editorial affiliates
helping you get published canada, book editors canada, and other affiliates, offering book manuscript editing, literary consulting, and coaching.
back to top

who i am—about patricia anderson
• my editorial and literary qualifications
• select bibliography of client books
• my author/editor home page

contact patricia
 



you are on the home page of helpingyougetpublished.com,
 "editorial services and resources for book authors."

next page | top  



helping you get published
editorial services & resources for book authors
est. 1998, west vancouver, bc, canada; online since 1999
patricia anderson, phd
    literary consultant
query@helpingyougetpublished.com

home | services | links  | guides | articles  |
      social media | affiliates | who i am | contact me
helping you get published | editorial services and resources for book authors
  copyright 1999–2025 by patricia j. anderson




