






































    
    community legal services | kurgis & associates | ohio
  
  
















                   

current clients


   

prospective clients







    


 
    about



  practice areas


   car accidents



  motorcycle accidents



  truck accidents



  pedestrian accidents



  tbis



  wrongful death





  resources


   blog



  faqs





  reviews






     

 

 

 





   

get in touch








    
 





        you deserve

 attorneys who care
   

learn more




    we're a
community-focused legal practice.

columbus, ohio has been the home of our practice for over 30 years, and we're proud to be a part of this vibrant and growing city. our legal services are built to uplift our community and are focused on getting to know each client in order to serve their needs as they continue to grow as well.
  

learn more





   p r a c t i c e    a r e a s
 here's how we can help.


   

learn more




      
  a black and white silhouette of a car on a white background.



 vehicle accidents



 
  a dollar sign in a circle on a white background.
 




 pedestrian accidents


 
  a black and white drawing of a person 's head with a brain in it.











 traumatic brain injury


 
  a black heart with a heartbeat on it on a white background.
 




 wrongful death





  

view all




  


   meet the team

 get to know the attorneys
on your side.

   at kurgis & associates, our seasoned team combines years of experience with a personalized touch, passionately advocating for your rights in the realm of personal injury law. we're committed to understanding your unique challenges and delivering top-notch representation with a compassionate approach.

   

about us







   
our team is able to practice in the following states: ohio.



 
      
      

  big j
tammy is wonderful to work with,thank you





    

  kara bowles
by far the best company that has helped me through this tough time. the ease of not having to deal with anyone and just focusing on healing has been such a huge relief. my case is not completely over but it is coming to and end. i am grateful for the team they have!





    

  mary webb
tammie case manager did amazing!






     

  ash nicole
they have been great through this hard time. stacie has always responded quickly to any questions i've had through this process. i highly recommend their services.





    

  melodi dawson
you guys are very awesome and understanding! thank you!!!





    

  chauncey tyler
tammy’s customer service was fantastic. very polite to her movers.






     

  angela holland
they were very helpful and supportive of my care and case. im happy w services provided.  ☺️





    

  alisia rucker
after my accident , i called them & they set me up with a chiropractor. i did all of my visits & two weeks after, they called me with my settlement amount. i did not have to lift a finger. their offices talked to my insurance company , did all the documentation & everything for me. all i had to do was focus on getting better & get my check. thank you so much ! i am so glad i choose to go with kevin kurgis





    

  angels man
thank you.






     

  natasha williamson
i would recommend this company to everyone. kurgis & associates makes you feel appreciated and not having to worry about anything. thank you again for all your help





    

  brandon elliott
stacie has been very polite and understanding with our case. i have even explained my situation that surrounded my tragedy that left me paralyzed along with my positive attitude and way i handle life afterwards and she was more than happy to listen and give her thoughts and impact back! i greatly appreciate that!





    

  francois presume
hi,
my name is francois presume.

to whom this may concern.

i've been a kurgis & associates client for over 23 years. since then, either myself and friends that i referred to them, always satisfied with their prompt and professional services.
they're the best in columbus, ohio.

i highly recommend everyone who has a chance to read my comments, to reach out to kurgis & associates for their accidents concerns.
sincerely
francois presume.






     

  brandt manns
stacie is great, very responsive and always provides the information i’m looking for when i call. would highly recommend their services!





    

  tiffani stotridge
highly recommend!





    

  saed mohamud
very good people.






     

  breanna peyton
very professional. even though i was a little persistent on the calls they handled me with care.would recommend to anyone!





    

  layja bby
they were a great fit for me very quick too





    

  janette horton
the staff at kevin kurgis law firm are really great!! they kept in touch and whenever i had questions they were always there to answer them promptly!! definitely recommend them






     

  lizzy tholley
had an excellent service with kevin and michelle helping me out. you definitely want to go to them . i didn’t regret my experience





    

  pearson mwangi
tom and tammie did a great job!





    

  rachel hambrick
rick, kevin & tom are great people to work with at the law firm. they help out alot and great customer service.






     

  shunton jacocks
the lawyers here are very great also very helpful as well as getting the job done will definitely use the service again if need be thanks a lot kevin .. rick ,, and dave,, you all done an awsome  job





    

  james young
nick and shelly did a great job.  thanks for all your help nick.





    

  akira adkins
great payout !!!! was everything i expected got waaay more than what i was expecting.






     

  damonique huff
thank you for helping me with my case you guys have been so understanding especially melissa and stacie
i really appreciate you guys





    

  lisa wilson
the attorneys were very understanding and so helpful. they took care of everything from beginning to the end. thank you for all that you did.





    

  amarea waller
thank you all for your support. hopefully myself or my family will not need services in the future. however, if so i will definitely return. god bless you all.






     

  lee karbadeh
great experience working with them, they’re very knowledgeable, professional and friendly. fast and reliable, only problem is your insurance company. if you have a slow insurance company with no staff it’s going to slow the process. melissa, tammy and kira knew my number whenever i called lol 😆. communication was key. overall, they’re marvelous people. i would recommend them to anyone.

gbarlee❤️





    

  david kilbourne
i have used the law office of kevin kurgis multiple times now and would recommend them to anyone.  professionalism is second to none.  they handle everything. they make the situation so much easier to deal with.  thank you!!!





    

  joy full
the law offices of kevin kurgis worked with me in a timely, fashionable manner. straight and to the point ..... they were awesome, and i'd recommend them to anyone. oh, and it's true as far as their slogan goes, "i don't get paid, unless you get paid!"






     

  candace jones
michelle got my first sons settlement done within a month with expected prompt turnaround for my second sons claim. everyone was very friendly relatable and willing to help. hopefully this won’t happen again but if it does i will be right back here.





    

  a marie
tammy and tom were amazing! very quick to respond, personable, respectful, and kept me informed on progress...if i ever find myself in this position again i know who will take care of me!





    

  thomas clayton
my second go round with kevin kurgis and i'm just a satisfied as the first time thx kevin and your staff.






     

  jk smth
coming back here for over 27 years quality service quick in and out even helped out with the bills  big shout out to kevin lance tom tom rick i can’t forget alan and the rest of the staff at kevins law firm





    

  maureen armstrong
highly recommend
kevin is clearly highly talented and very good at what he does.  i would use his office for my next need.





    

  kelly miles
kevin and the other staff at kurgis & associates truly make you feel like family and helped me to finally be able to pay for my medical bills . they make it known that you the client matter and deserve the best .






     

  crystal freeman
tammy in bookkeeping





    

  c jones
quick professional and very friendly today





    

  jordan george
easily a 5 star experience. i was in a terrible accident that totaled my chevy cruze. i’ve never been in an accident that completely destroyed my vehicle and caused an injury so the process was very new to me. mr. kurgis and his associates were understanding of the trauma caused by the accident and walked me through the process step by step to make sure i completely understood the process.

bottom line, they did what they said they were going to do and that was getting me a great settlement. very satisfied with this firm






     

  donny mcknight
awesome people.





    

  kaitlyn nobles
i am super happy with the overall services! ☺️ friendly employees and great customer service!





    

  braden fyock
very nice people






     

  courtney carter
my family and i were in a really bad accident back in may.. since the day i contacted this office that have been so helpful and consistent its amazing! i will recommend this firm to everyone i can.. i'm so happy i chose to go with them. nick english was who we habe dealt with throughout the last 7 months, and he was great! he made sure my family got what we all deserve including my children. i pray i don't ever need another attorney, but if i were to ever need one, this is who i would call..





    

  michael love
tammy did a great job and was very helpful





    

  kye cook
great experience with everyone involved including geoff jones and tom tarpy. i was taken care of healthwise and professionally. no doubts or second thoughts with the whole experience and will use them or recommend for myself or anyone else involved in a bodily injury court case.






     

  elizabeth wallace
kevin and his law firm helped me through a complicated accident.  they were honest, considerate, and communicated with the insurance companies effectively so that i was compensated for my losses and injuries.  my case manager lance was always available to discuss any questions i had and went above and beyond to ensure my client satisfaction. overall, i would highly recommend this law firm.





    

  setta hamilton
hello,
alaina g. is my case manager, which relates to an auto accident where i retained the law firm that she works at. kevin kurgis & associated.
i have nothing but positive things to say about alaina.
each phone conversations i've had with her, she has been compassionate, conscientious, flexible, humble, patient and persistent, while having a great sense of ambition. while working on my case alaina has helped me regain my emotional strength and confidence to move forward, while being pleasant and very professional.  alaina has great interpersonal communication skills, that make me trust her and believe that the best decision will be granted to me in references to my case because of her dedication.   great person to talk with and great law firm to retain.





    

  tina robinson
hello, my name is tina robinson and i took you guys on to help me with a car accident that i had and i want to tell you guys how much i appreciate miss kara she was so helpful so pleasant with my situation. she called me back. help me out. i think she deserves 5 stars. she did really great. even though sometimes people can be a handful. she still help me out.thanks for closing my case. have a great holiday. miss tina robinson.






     

  tracy lockhart
my experience working with kara was great! she made sure i had everything i needed for each meeting. she responded to email and phone calls quickly and ensured i understood what was required during each step.





    

  marlena grady
did a awesome job with my case. answered any questions i had. and help with everything





    

  cassandra whitaker
michelle was absolutely amazing. she kept me in the know with my son's stuff. super nice. great office people. the receptionist was also very sweet and kind. i would definitely use them again if need be. thank you guys so much






     

  tierra p
they worked on my case and was able to get the max for my accident in a timely manner.





    

  amy corey
i would recommend kevin kurgis to anyone they have a team who actually cares about you and your well being michelle was absolutely awesome and even on my grumpy days she understood how i felt at that time i was in a lot of pain and aggravated but she was awesome at calming me down and also broke things down to me of you or a loved one was an any accident i’d recommend kevin kurgis and his team to help assist you i promise you won’t be sorry! with there help and winning my claim i purchased a brand new car and many other things thank you michelle for having patients with me and helping me along this journey!





    

  heidi smith
take care of my case fast. good service.






     

  charlie lott
this is a great firm, tamy did an excellent job of making sure i was comfortable with everything. thanks again kevin kurgus law firm and associates





    

  david mobley
tammy, lance and tom handled my case with professionalism and care! i am extremely happy with the firm. they even made sure i got a good rental vehicle while mine was being repaired! thanks guys





    

  charles hill
took care of the settlement really nice very and very swiftly. gave me excellent service and amazing advice leading to the most out of my settlement. 5/5 stars would recommend to family!






     

  marshall edgington
this law office has handle a couple of cases for me and my wife they may take some time to resolve your case but they will always fight for your best interest. and please stop talking about kevins daughter a mans family should be off limits. my attorneys  and friend the kevin kurgess law firm.





    

  richard lockhart
this whole process has been flawless. i appreciate all employees involved and would suggest kurgis to everyone.





    

  tracie puchta
we worked with tammie and was very pleased with all of our results and the help she gave us.  went above and beyond.






     

  johnny spangler
always worked with me to get what i deserved. no complaints.





    

  cortney noel
tammy is a great person and everyone here is really great at what they do.





    

  ess kee
tammie a was a great help to me throughout the settlement process. i bugged her every month & she willingly answered my questions in a timely manner. i appreciate mrs. tammie & the law firm!






     

  tom russell
awesome job with handling my case





    

  ryan masters
these are amazing people who helped me get what i deserve after an accident left me without a vehicle and job. they took the time and had the patience to explain things to me and walk me through what was happening! a special thanks to tammy for letting me know when everything was done and finished and also when to pickup my check! she's a great person and answered any question i had! thanks for everything!!!





    

  gitgg original
my experience with kurgis and associates was great. i give thanks to stacie wackman. best.






     

  kathy murchison
they are always so helpful, and they get the job done.





    

  dorothea warner
thanks  for taking my case. i use attorney kergis in the pass. i trust and believe in this law office





    

  stephen gregory
had a good experience with this law firm. they are fast, polite, and available to help. everything was perfect! thanks for the help.






     

  constance bonds
very nice 👍





    

  barry welch
fantastic firm , frank tadero was fantastic!!!!





    

  amber vent
frank and sheri did a wonderful job for my case! i would for sure use them again. thank you so much!!!!






     

  willie beason
i would like to thank kevin and his wonderful staff for helping me out with my claim...they were helpful fast an efficient...they work out the best deal and in the end we were all satisfied with their help.....thanks again!!!.....remember he don't get payed unless u get paid!!!....lol





    

  bryan schonauer
this law firm was amazing in every aspect of handling my case. always available when i had questions or updates. frank todaro and sheri mchale were very professional and prompt on responding. they worked very quickly and efficiently to get the answers and to get my case settled. would highly recommend this law firm. tom was great when going in to receive final settlement as well. they make you feel like family. thanks for everything and keep up the good work!! -bryan





    

  ike acheampong
i work with kevin kurgis for about 17 years ago he was so nice to help me. he is very good attorney.






     

  nkrumah pollard
good. would use again.





    

  rickey lewis
i will always do business with this company great people.





    

  herbert stackpole
good job






     

  john lilley
mrs. arrowsmith was absolutely fantastic.





    

  eddie berg
we live in a world where if you have 10,000 clients or customers the three unhappy ones will climb to the top of mount everest and scream to the heavens they didn't call me back quick enough. i found my experience with  melissa and her team exemplary. i was hit by a car on my motorcycle september the 2nd of this year. i was only treated for 60 days but today before the years even over melissa called me with the good news that i got the settlement check that my wife and i had desired and we couldn't be happier. whenever i called to ask a question the response was quick and honest. i was kept in the loop about everything and i will refer this law firm to anyone that i know that might need their services in the future. so to this law firm and their stuff from the bottom of my heart, thank you and i want to wish all of you a merry and blessed christmas. i know my holiday is going to be better because of these awesome folks. sincerely, eddie berg





    

  douglas vann
on a scale of 1 to 10 i'll give you guys at 10 i really appreciate all the help and it was the one stop shop and i appreciate that thank you very much if anything like this ever happens again which i hope it doesn't i'll be coming to you guys once again thank you sincerely douglas lee van happy holidays






     

  tru tru
very satisfied, didn’t prolong the process got a settlement a month after i completed therapy would definitely recommend to a family member or a friend!





    

  thor scott
the process took longer than expected but i received 10x more than i expected worth the wait!





    

  mary foster
very patient and kind people.  they work hard for you






     

  shawn pryor
mellisa was awesome and everyone is friendly!





    

  tara rose
we are using the law office of kevin kurgis to deal with an auto accident my husband was involved in and so far so good. they have taken care of everything with the at fault persons insurance and are very nice and professional. initially, they even came to us for the consultation and to sign papers.
definitely recommend





    

  kyle allen
geoff did great!






     

  patience agbalevu
kevin and jeff were very professional and did a good job for me.





    

  crystal membres
thanks to kevin and your staff. you guys have represented me 3 times and have done a great job each time. i highly recommend you to anyone who asks. thanks.





    

  daneisha stafford
michelle and allen was an amazing helpful with my accident back in june set me up with a chiropractor and settle out 2 months after therapy.






     

  tyler ferguson
rick did a great job with my case, as well as great response time if i called for an update. definitely will use them again if needed! thanks krugis team.





    

  ricky howbert
in such a time after a terrible accident it was incredible to know that the staff at kevin kurgis handled everything and i could focus on getting better. rick renie would communicate with me when neccessary. they handled my case in a quick, friendly, and professional manner. i hope i never need to use them again, but if a situation ever presents itself i wouldn't call anyone else. i would reccomend this law firm to anyone in need.
thank you for everything
kristin howbert





    

  chrissy edwards
i had a 100% positive experience with this firm. they took care of everything, made sure to keep me updated, and got me some money to put towards other expenses.






     

  angela lewis
they was so nice & helpful .!!





    

  april parker
was always easy to get a hold of.





    

  dakotah alexander
stacie is a wonderful and pleasant person to work with.






     

  seth adkins
very convenient location





    

  kathy hatfield
this office is amazing, so helpful and quick response time along with handling everthing with your best interest at heart. melissa is amazing !!!





    

  felix bushner
i had a great experience with the team at kevin kurgis law firm.  everyone was so helpful and courteous.






     

  cheyenne sharp
wonderful people. alan was very wonderful and helpful with understanding everything





    

  football mom 2001
michele was great!!!
love this law firm!
also tom was also awesome!
very pleasant people! ☺





    

  temple dubosh
alan and geoff were able to assist me with my case in the most simple way. they communicated with me every step of the way and dealt with the insurance company on my behalf. i hope i am never in a position to need an attorney again but if i am kevin kurgis and his team will be the only way i go. i would recommend his team to any friends or family.






     

  michael flagg
they did great took them bot 5 months and settlement was a little god forbid i get in the situation again i will be calling th





    

  masharee mccullough
wonderful very much patient and trustworthy !! definitely on clients side .. special shout out to kara 🩵🩵 .





    

  kim starr
very kind, helpful, and listened to my concerns! trusted them completely!!






     

  hugo avila
good service





    

  brian dickey
they were fast and did all the work and took care of me while they worked on my case





    

  brilynn hines
kept me enformed on what was going on and helped me every step of the way!






     

  kimberly heger
so far the staff has been very helpful,polite and efficient.





    

  lugene simmons
i feel very comfortable dealing with kevin kurdis law firm i will recommend everyone that has or had an accident to call kevin kurdis law firm guaranteed success.





    

  nate rau
friendly staff and nice environment to do business in.






     

  frances wt
thank you to kevin and his team for making this quick and painless. thanks to michelle for helping with this process. if your an accident this is the place to pick.





    

  brandon papamihail
i am happy with my results i will be referring kevin kurgis to friends and family





    

  kelita anderson
he’s as mean as he looks on tv he will get you your money.






     

  mrs. queen
it takes time to end your settlement but kevin kurgis made sure they communicated with me on updates into making sure i’m satisfied and that i understand everything that’s going on, so for that i am overally satisfied. thanks!!!





    

  brian luft
handling my lawsuit!!!!





    

  samantha hamilton
called on a saturday and still got a live person. referred me to a great doctor and got my appointment set immediately. they actually care and that's what matters the most to me.






     

  william
i can t say enough good things about this law firm.they we're there every step of the the way for michele was great.she walked me through everything.any time i had a question she was on it i never even had to talk to an attorney an they got my settlement really fast.i will always be thankful.they we're there in my time of need.ty so much





    

  reem kassim
my experience has been very pleasant. they were very helpful and went above and beyond and made sure to keep me updated and informed about everything. i would definitely recommend them to anyone who is looking for reliable and efficient lawyers.





    

  joe kerns
thank you.






     

  myracle curtis
i think that you guys were great !!. very polite and curtious. you guys have a great team there.





    

  david harris
alan came through putta few stacks in my pocket just in time for hawaii!! ayyye!!!!





    

  agya owusu
please i haven't still receiving the check






     

  artis a
always gets the job done!!





    

  za bo
great people that take care of you the right way!





    

  lolblade
gets back to you very quickly, professional enviroment and customer service.






     

  brody
kevin's a cool dude.  straight to the point.  they all helped me take care of business, and in a timely manner.  i would recommend their services.





    

  milton thompson
they are helping a friend of mine very nice people





    

  hind 116
i worked with them 2 cases they do great job to me






     

  tomaa mohamed
i loved everything about this place very professional staff. allan had worked with me on my recent case and he was doing a great job at it. tommy also went through the settlement papers with me, he also was very nice and very helpful.





    

  kennedy gakwisi munyamagana
tammy and frank did a great job for my case appreciated





    

  trevor kraft
friendly people, nice environment, and helpful staff to work with






     

  grace moore
stacie is the best. she always picks up and is extremely helpful and understanding when i call/text. i had pretty bad anxiety one weekend from my case, and she took time out of her friday night to give me a call and make sure i was doing alright. she talked to me for almost an hour and gave me much needed advice.





    

  ashli moon
very helpful, nice, professional and fast. they helped me get what i needed very quick and answered every question i had professionally and in terms i understood. thanks guys i'd recommend you to everyone!!!!





    

  steve cain
stacey wageman has been very responsive whenever i send her a text or call in reference to my case






     

  michella pauley
the law offices of kevin kurgis and associates are so good! really helpful and sympathetic and alaina garrett was absolutely wonderful through the whole thing making sure she did everything possible along the way and always offering a good ear and kind words along with her amazing work ethic. really great people to work with!





    

  ewill studio
great service and friendly staff





    

  joey lumpkin
this folks are fast and friendly, they will get the job done for you as needed






     

  tre dubb
geoff did a great job on my settlement big thanks.





    

  kendra mason
kevin kurgis and tammie were great and handled my case with care. great job!! thank you.





    

  omgitswicked
ive worked with michelle and kevin twice now and both times theyve been great






     

  jim laws
commercials are great. kevin got me the best settlement possible for a serious accident with bad limits. happy he was able to help!





    

  suzi urell
kevin & his staff took fantastic care of my mother when she was in a car accident. she got a good settlement and didn't have any worries. i'd highly recommend this law firm. thank you very much!!﻿





    

  tradyce morgan
my attorney melissa was great!






     

  anthony hope
my settlement process was easy and fast.





    

  kyle messina
great communication and answered all questions i may have had





    

  aaryn stephens
stacie wackman is an amazing case manager. been with us every step of the way and helps us get a better understanding with all the paperwork and things happening in this case. very grateful to have her as our case manager!






     

  angel robey fields
absolutely would recommend kurgis & associates, they were kind and communicative.





    

  alanna dowden
i want thank nick english for doing such a wonderful and outstanding job on my case, he always kept in touch with everything he was doing ! he settled my case quickly and i was completely satisfied. once again i can't thank you enough !





    

  donquetta ball
always great energy i’ve dealt with these guys on some many occasions and they have never let me down






     

  doug gallant
good settlement i was pleased





    

  ek civic
great experience





    

  interiorscapes tech
knowledgeable staff






     

  candice lemos
professional experience!!





    

  dante thomas (dee)
quick response, reliable, looking out for my needs. will recommend everyone.. thanks dante thomas





    

  michelleno l.p. ef ? ft jp kill scott
very nice law firm. great lawyers






     

  melissa holzbacher
very helpful staff and quick to return phone calls and get settlement. i would definitely recommend this group. they made dealing with the insurance companies so much easier.





    

  bonita smith
great firm! terrific support during a difficult time frank,sherri and the whole team were very professional and showed great kindness, which i greatly appreciated.





    

  brittney hairston
they finally got me my check






     

  tyniesha tankersley
best law office everyone was very friendly and helpful and michelle whitt was so nice i would recommend them to anyone





    

  rusty herbert
stacey is doing a great job





    

  terry sheline
definitely quick and effective will use kurgis again!






     

  baedad bundy
the service was dynomite!!!





    

  clifford hepner
it was great from beginning to end.





    

  abena duku
attorney michelle stood by me through it all even at instances where it felt like a dead end to my case. and got me the settlement i deserved. this law firm will go beyond for your case. they are a must try if you are looking






     

  tony glover
very very professional did not have to do anything but wait for the outcome of my claim if i should ever need any help again kevin kurgis and his staff will have my call thank you for helping me out greatly appreciated





    

  ashley roper
the law offices of kevin kurgis was very helpful, communicated with me every step of the way and dealt with the insurance company on my behalf. i hope i am never in a position to need an attorney again, but i would highly recommend them to anyone who has been in a car accident.





    

  madonna gunn
all the office staff as well as my attorney were very kind as well as professional.would recommend them.office also dog friendly






     

  aleanna chindavong
i have had 3 cases with them and they have been a great help. michelle whitt was in charge of my case and was great. she never hesitated  to help me  whenever i called their with any questions i had with my cases. i definitely will be using them if i ever need help again! thank you so much to the law office of kevin kurgis for their help !





    

  william jenkins
has been my attorney for over 25 years, highly recommended him





    

  tariq mahmood
he my lawyer for years.






     

  julie neff
we are returning clients and wouldn't choose anyone else to help our family with personal injury cases. the entiee team is courteous and they explain the process clearly. it really helps that they will fight for you and you don't have to pay out of own funds. would highly recommend this firm. they are experts and will deal with insurance companies so you don't have to.





    

  tracy bayless
geoff jones tom tarpy and kevin kurgis did a great job! thank you!





    

  brittany lawrence
i was happy with everything they done for me an tami was excellent with walking me through everything an what i received is more then expected






     

  money kay
she was very helpful … respectful ….and outgoing …she understood the situations i was in and going through this was well worth 5 stars great customer service





    

  paris gordon
very easy & always accessible. thanks for helping me in such a vulnerable time.





    

  ricky reed (jar head)
a job well done. i only had to worry about getting well thats it thank you.






     

  katie umstott
they made sure i got what i was entitled to! no hassle.





    

  jack ndah
i have good experience melissa's does a good job.





    

  katrina anderson
they drove from columbus to newark during the covid pandemic to meet with me. he explained everything in ways in wich i could understand.






     

  deandre watters
michelle whitt was awesome they handled my claim swiftly and professionally. when i need a lawyer again i'm calling kevin kurgis law firm.





    

  julian lowe
michelle whitt took over my case and did a excellent job settling my case. very pleased with the service!!





    

  lindsey burnett
jeff was an awesome attorney, he helped me with my case. everything was smooth






     

  samm edman
absolutely enjoyed the service i recieved from here. helpful & friendly people!!





    

  sharon chubb
rick was very courteous and helpful. i will definitely recommend their services





    

  jay harris
my sister had me come to kevin kurgis because she came here after she was rear ended.  so i came here.  they were very helpfull and caring..  helped me out alot.






     

  malcolm savage
jeff did and amazing job wouldn’t recommend anybody else really worked hard and took care of our family also and then i think at the  jeff did an amazing job wouldn’t recommend anybody else





    

  tracy hale
had the pleasure of working with rick renny, i will refer people to this firm.





    

  rik weber
as a result of my being a car accident where i was hit by someone else kevin kurgis law office has been very helpful in taking care of all of my problems and tending to me well.






     

  abraham ahmad
the best lawyer in columbus.





    

  gary partlow
excellent job! k. kurgis law did all the work .  i was surprised when i got the call  "we have settled".  i was treated with the utmost respect and my settlement was more than i expected. thank you kurgis and associates.





    

  clifford stallworth
great law firm ⚖️






     

  ge cr
fast communication friendly service





    

  brandon rogers
i was not satisfied with ian’s work his boss did an excellent job





    

  michael lewis
tammy was a joy to work with. would definitely consider doing business again in the future






     

  charles clevenger ii
kevin and jeff were great.  appriciate all there help.





    

  christina janway
best lawyer in the us





    

  delta transportation
kevin and his firm has helped a very good friend of mine. he was very happy with the results and would recommend him to others.






     

  tonya globlek
great experience from beginning to end.  highly recommend.





    

  michelle h
amazing service! i talked to alaina multiple times and she was so helpful and reassuring. i’m glad i picked this group to help me through this. thank you!!





    

  sarah bennett
they got me a great result with my case. would recommend to anyone.






     

  melinda johnson
i have used kurgis and associates 2 times now and have had a hassel free experience. everyone i have came across and dealt with has been wonderful. when i say they get it done, they get it done. i will definitely use them again if needed and there fee is better than anyone else. also how many attorneys do work without a payment up front. kurgis and associates work hard,fast and are friendly.





    

  estrella cassady
kurgis & associates is the best !
this is my third car accident since 2011
which is not my fault and kevin kurgis is also my third time attorney his associates are very helpful & respectful.
thank you all & specially to aliana & melissa .
thanks again kurgis & associates.





    

  emmanuel obotela
the firm has been communicating with all the time whenever i needed them and had questions about my case.
great team to work with






     

  tristan lenk
the chiropractor i was working with was amazing! they got me as much as they could for my pain and suffering. i definitely encourage those that have been in an accident too call kurgis!





    

  wes hall
my attorney was great! misty got everything handled for me in just 1 year. she got me a great settlement from the insurance co. i def recommend alan and misty at kevin's offices they were nothing less than great!! awesome. communications!, awesome representation and awesome results!





    

  kim gold
very nice and got my settlement very quickly and hassle free






     

  breyanna griffin
great costumer service throughout my whole experience thank you all





    

  james clifton
kevin kurgis was on point ,, they got me what i needed ,, i was patient and everything worked out in my favor.

thank you kevin kurgis and associates!!!





    

  stephanie pryor
did and amazing job helping me with my accident!






     

  sherron kenley
kevin kurgis team has once again and always takes very good care of me, my family and friends. i love working with them. they have very good communication and do everything it takes to assure your claim is heard and taken seriously. highly recommended!





    

  andrew vincent
best lawyers that cares,keep it guys. thanks





    

  quintin harris
did great work an i appreciate them.






     

  kaylee adkins
used them twice, they always answer my questions and are kind. never disappointed . would recommend to family and friends





    

  tabitha diamond
they were very nice scheduled my case very well i would definitely recommend them to friends and family and would definitely use them again





    

  yewell anthony
my experience with kevin kurgis has been very positive.  we are working together to resolve a claim in a just and equitable way.  stacey has been invaluable during this challenging time.  would highly recommend!






     

  erica lewis
you guys were awesome.  very professional 🙂





    

  kelly khumbah
great customer service





    

  mohamed camara
it was good working with kevin f kurgis






     

  carl martin
everything went smoothly and i was checked on repeatedly during the healing process (which is still taking place day by day)melissa and michelle are informative with the case process.. i appreciate the support from those 2 ladies and i'm sure if i need services again i would repeat with this firm and again thanks for everything





    

  evelynn weah
was very happy with the results of my case. definitely will recommend to others!





    

  melanie zickefoose
the office of kevin kurgis was amazing. the whole process took a little longer but that was because of the car insurance company not them. they tried to get the biggest settlement offer they could. the paralegal, office staff, and attorney were all extremely kind and knowledgeable. great experience overall.






     

  rachel harrah
very prompt , let me know as soon as they had any updated information about the settlement , and sent my check out very quickly also got my top offer highly satisfied. would definitely recommend to anyone who has been involved or injured in an accident





    

  marla eaton
the accident literally stopped my life. they helped me, stayed in communication and got me the best settlement!!! thank u for helping my famil





    

  megan slone
the team that they have is amazing! kept me updated on every detail of my claim. very friendly they made my family and i feel comfortable and was able to get my claim processed quickly. definitely recommend!!!!






     

  sienna wolverton
melissa hornik at kurgis handled my husband & i’s car accident case with professionalism and dedication. she navigated the complexities of my case with ease. communication was clear & she was compassionate and understanding, yet fierce and determined in her negotiations. thanks to melissa’s hard work and expertise, the outcome of my case was more than satisfactory. we are so grateful for their support and would highly recommend kurgis law to anyone in need of outstanding legal representation.





    

  marion oh marion oh
very great and efficient highly recommend





    

  amanda conkle
i would recommend kevin kergis to anyone looking for a hard working, caring law firm. they went above and beyond to get me the maximum amount of money i deserved for my settlement. very grateful for the hard work they put in on my case.






     

  kaylee james
amazing people to work with. tammy responded to every email, every question quickly and completely. hope i'm never in another car accident, but if i am, i will definitely use this practice again for all compensation claims.





    

  rebecca bryant
very good at what they do definitely would recommend them and use their service again.





    

  betty valentine
the staff was very caring and gentle.  my case manager,  michelle,  kept me abreast on the process and never mislead me.  melissa fought for me to get the best resolve.  i would highly recommend kurgis and associates to everyone.  thanks so much for your professionalism.






     

  ashanti hughes
had a great experience they took care of my issues and when i asked questions didn’t feel like i was bothering them . wonderful service would highly recommend





    

  faith noel vodarick
5 stars all the way. wonderful communication and persistent!





    

  suban alinoor
best people i had a really good experience and everything went smoothly i love it. i will recommended to go.






     

  laseana glaze
had a great experience with kurgis & associates. they worked hard and diligently to get my compensation from the other insurance company! thank you





    

  kris henderson
they have a great staff and were very helpful along the whole process i would recommend them to anyone





    

  shana selvage
had a wonderful experience and everyone there was great, never thought it would get settled and they never gave up.i highly recommend ☺️






     

  colette
this company has a 5 star rating in my book. always professional and has treated me with the upmost respect. this is my second time. i have used them and never have i been disappointed. keep up the good work team!





    

  kwaku owusu ankobia
great and respectful people who knows what they are doing





    

  very fast
everyone at the office communicated with and replied fast making the experience less stressful






     

  michael hart
had a great experience overall with kurgis & associates. once all the required paperwork was received the team took it from there and made the process quick and easy.





    

  mackenzie landis
was a smooth process thanks to them. 100% recommend.





    

  leshell echols
you all were amazing and kept me updated throughout the whole process... thank you






     

  lori freeman
they handled everything for me and told me my job in the process was to heal and recover. everyone i had contact with at their office was very nice and helpful and did everything they could to accommodate any needs i had. i would absolutely use them again but i hope i never have to





    

  alyssa young
me and my children were hit while stopped at a red light at 55 mph. this was in december and my daughter was only about 6-7 months old and we were all injured and went thru a lot of pain and stress. kevin kurgis was there and effective and we are almost on the other side of this and healing. i recommend kurgis to anyone and everyone dealing with this. i also had to use him in 2011 when a drunk driver hit me and my son and had the same great results. they take the stress and worry out when you feel like there is no hope. please reach out to them and you won’t regret it. thanks kevin!





    

  joshua boyer
thanks to them i was able to get through an unfortunate and frustrating process after a driver ran a red & i was left unable to work for most of the year while going through the bulk of my recovery. a personal thank you goes out to melissa & tammy






     

  phil hall
kurgis & associates i would definitely recommend and use them if i need again. they are very punctual and get things done!





    

  central ohio mexico racing
karen was awesome. the most help we received over the whole process





    

  kaylee ferebee
i had a great experience with kurgis & associates! they were so kind, got me the settlement i deserved, and helped me a lot even outside of my injury claim! i will definitely be recommending them to family and friends in the future if needed! thank you so much!






     

  kelvin burgoon
seamless, start to finish





    

  melissa skinner
kevin kurgis handled my case in a timely and professional manner. highly recommend.





    

  saimanipreetham meka
the attorneys and case managers have settled my case quickly ! they are really fast






     

  william cox
i always managed to reach someone whenever i called.





    

  john rogers
trust & professionalism





    

  stephanie elfrink
thank you for all that you do !!!!






     

  malania perez
they are so great go to them please!!!!!





    

  kristi jared
friendly and positive atmosphere.  great customer service, along with awesome results.





    

  ryan lane
a+ service. highly recommend!






     

  nicole wilson
they helped me navigate after my accident.





    

  jenna arp
decent.





    

  juicee wopp
me and my mom was in a car crash  and you guys helped us out and got us a good settlement!






     

  alassane keneme
very professional. good communication, transparent.





    

  brandy mowery
amazing





    

  seth dapaa
you did great on my case. i appreciate you.






     

  joseph finnerty
i have used them twice ..and i will always use them ... always helpful and awesome





    

  jay precise drumz llc
kurgis & associates has been nothing the best to me since day 1 through out this entire process….i would recommend them to everyone. they are a true blessing. thanks for helping my family and i

be blessed!





    

  garth adams
they worked very hard to complete my case!






     

  emani jahquin
they got me my case settled in decent timing i am very thankfull for them thank you . highly recommend





    

  ty c
you guys did a great job thank you very much





    

  tarana jennings
very satisfied with my service from this firm. thank you again, would definitely recommend






     

  gary harris
they are handling my case, support.





    

  todd keeton
did exactly as they said. very dependable, clear communication on what to expect and very professional. friendly staff !





    

  destaine burger
they did a great job on my case and thank you .






     

  shayla renna
took care of my stuff no issue, i was happy with the outcome !! definitely recommend 😊





    

  mike lemons
they did a great job and keep me updated on everything 💯





    

  michael lemaster
made sure everything was taken care and allowed me to focus on recovery! very smooth process and everyone was very helpful along the way!






     

  lamont ellington
kurgis & associates has handled 2 cases for me and each time they have been very professional, kind, and courteous.i appreciate all their hard word. and in both cases i received more than expected.





    

  angela haley
i loved working with kevin kurgis’ office. they were very professional and they worked very hard to be sure i was satisfied. michelle was amazing and i have already referred someone to kevin’s firm. what a joy it was to work with the team!





    

  jodi f
i was very happy with the way my case was handled at kevin kurgis law firm and i was satisfied with the results. i appreciate that i had a contact person, rick rennie, with whom i could speak any time i had a question or needed an update. he was amazing about answering or being back to me very quickly, and made the process much simpler for me. hopefully i never need this type of representation again but should that ever become necessary, i will most definitely call this law firm.






     

  ronnie hall
i am 100% pleased with the handling of my case(s) with kurgis law firm. thank you!





    

  hilljack catfishin
great service would recommend them to anyone who has been in a accident.





    

  tim lilly
great communication and well educated on accidents






     

  joe
very respectful and understanding and keep you posted on your case was a amazing experience





    

  lisa cathcart
i was in an accident a few months back and they worked hard to get me the best deal possible. i appreciate their efforts.





    

  zackary cain
i broke my spine and had to learn how walk all over again. the ability to focus on my recovery process knowing the legal side will be taken care by some of the best, gave me the ability to get to where i was before with confidence.






     

  kylan m
thank you for everything! would highly recommend!





    

  kanya dunson
i a very thankful for kevin kurgis law firm not only did they do excellent for representing me, but the after work is even better!





    

  susan robinson
i want to thank kevin and associates for handling me and my kids claims! we are very satisfied!






     

  judy dozier
i was extremely grateful they handle everything for me just perfectly thank you and god bless you all know





    

  nya danielle
my name is tia and i highly recommend these attorneys if you’re in an accident.





    

  krissy fortney
the front desk, and staff were so friendly and understanding of my situation, i will definitely recommend.






     

  jacqueline wheeler
these guys really take care of you!!  i will continue to come back in the future





    

  monica jones
great work. thank you





    

  daniel essuman
i really love the patience and great service!






     

  rebecca o b essuman
great experience with them





    

  french bontana
great





    

  jan mil
very  pleased with their services. my  case was resolved swiftly. thank you kurgis & associates for a job well done. blessings






     

  ray seel
good costumer service.





    

  john b
got responses back in a timely manner.  they kept me informed on the progress. good people to have working for you.





    

  andrew
got me my settlement and i didn't have to do anything but set back heal. and wait. thank you.







view more







    





    have questions?
 see some common questions and answers below, or call us at
614-got-hurt. 


   how do i know if i have a case? if you have been injured or suffered losses due to someone else's negligence, you may have a case. contact us for a free consultation to discuss your situation and determine the best course of action.how long will my case take?the duration of a case varies depending on its complexity and specific circumstances. while some cases can be resolved quickly, others may take several months or even years. we will keep you informed every step of the way and work diligently to resolve your case as efficiently as possible.what do i do if i'm offered a settlement?it's important to consult with an attorney before accepting any settlement offers from an insurance company. often, initial offers may not fully cover your losses. we can review the offer and negotiate on your behalf to ensure you receive fair compensation.








      
    

 

 

 





  links
     home



  practice areas



  about



  contact






  available 24/7 @ 
614-got-hurt
   

call: 614-468-4878




   © 2024 all rights reserved  kurgis & associates   privacy policy |
terms of use 






















































































































  
  share by:












