








	taal.co.in





























 

 


 










 


 
 
 






 

 


 




















 


 
 
 






 

 


 









homeabout 
group overviewtaal history
investors relations 
financialsshareholding patternrptcorporate governanceinvestor contactscheme of arrangementsubsidiariestaal newspostal ballotcourt convened meetings & egmnewspaper advertisementsannual general meetingannual returnrequest to shareholdercgrboard meeting noticessecreterial compliance report-scriepfoutcomeinvestor formsannual reportscommunication to stock exchangemoa and aoa
aeromodelling 
aircraft 
aircraft manufacturingorganizationinfrastructurework examplesmaintenance support
aviatio infrastructure 
airfield & mroorganizationconsultancyairfield informationclimatic conditions
aircraft charter servicesdesign & development
landing & parkingaviation awarenessjob-opportunitiesquerycareerscontact us







 


 
 
 






 

 


 





















taneja aerospace & aviation ltd.











taneja aerospace & aviation ltd.











taneja aerospace & aviation ltd.











taneja aerospace & aviation ltd.








previous



next









 


 
 
 













 

 


 
























about us

taal was established in 1994 it was the first private sector company in the country to manufacture general aviation i.e. non-military aircrafts. the company's vision at that time was to create facility for the development of an aeronautical industry in india, and in particular, to promote affordable general aviation. to kick-off this process, taal entered into a collaboration with partenavia of italy to manufacture the six-seat twin piston-engine, p68c, aircraft and the eleven-seat twin turbo-prop viator aircraft.
the company has since diversified its activities and has established a significant presence in many segments of the aviation and aeronautical industries in india.
taal is into all aviation related business activities namely, aircraft & aerospace manufacturing and aviation infrastructure - airfield & mro.








services




aircraft manufacturing
this business has evolved from the initial business of the company, which was to manufacture the partenavia p68c, six seat, twin-engine aircraft in india (we are the first and only private sector company in india to have built and certified an aircraft).



aviation infrastructure
taal has entered into a aviation infrastructure - airfield & mro facility agreement with air works india (engg) pvt ltd for establishment of commercial aircraft maintenance operating aviation infrastructure - airfield & mro division services at taal's private airfield..







career

we nurture and cultivate a sense of pride at work and create leaders. your career growth will be governed by well-defined and transparent policies of the company. apply and meet us for face to face interview.
read more






contact us





our address
belagondapalli village, thally road, denkanikotta taluk, belagondapalli - 635114, tamil nadu - india.





email us
info@taal.co.in





call us
+91 04347- 233507












 


 
 
 
















237278
times visited 


webtel






taneja aerospace & aviation ltd.

              belagondapalli village, thally road, denkanikotta taluk, belagondapalli - 635114
phone: +91 04347- 233506
email: admin@taal.co.in



useful links

 home
 company policy
 career
 contact us
 disclaimer



aeromodelling

 aircraft manufacturing
 aviation infrastructure
 aircraft charter services
 design & development
 taneja aerospace & aviation limited

























