



home | christ our redeemer ame church





























home

about


our beliefs


mission


trustee and steward board


stewardess ministry


cor ministerial staff


administrative staff


media


our pastor


health ministry



new here

ministries


grow


serve


help



ypd


ypd youth and young adults


youth



events

contact

giving

messages

watch

discipleship registration

discipleship training
 






























plan a visit


















welcome to christ our redeemer ame church!


a promising future!"now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that worketh in us,"(ephesians 3:20)sunday's at 9:00 am |  in-person & online | 45 tesla, irvine 92618

































ready to get involved 























we love our kids! 























find your place 



















welcome!








we are delighted you chose to visit us here at christ our redeemer ame church. our pastor, staff, members, and officers do not take your visit lightly. to god be the glory for ordering your steps.  we find great joy in doing god's work! cor church is actively engaged in making a difference in the lives of our members and community. the borders of our church extend far beyond its walls, impacting the young and elderly, the sick and disabled, disenfranchised individuals, and families. through the favor of god's blessings, we continue to witness an outpouring of the holy spirit, "and the lord has added to our church daily those who would be saved" (acts 2:47).   i pray that you will enjoy our worship service leading to the opportunity for you to make cor your church home for worship, fellowship, and service. if there is any way we can further assist you, please contact our office.
























service times





sunday's - 9 am  












welcome center





new here





get involved




events





prayer request




online giving



about our pastor




visiting for first time







follow online









facebook:
























instagram























youtube

































choose your bible study


we would love to have you join one of our bible studies. click the button below to learn more.


bible study

















looking to serve?

click the button below to learn more.


more info
























































































plan your visit




























"a promising future"

 ephesians 3:20 now to him who is able to do immeasurably more than all we ask or imagine, according to his power that is at work within us, 21 to him be glory in the church and in christ jesus throughout all generations, for ever and ever! amen. 

















the covenant community






















faq





we would love to answer your questions









where are you located?





we are located in the beautiful city of irvine, ca. 45 tesla, irvine, ca 92618.






what time is service?





cor sunday worship service begins at 9:00 am.






where do i park?





cor has parking for all. we also have handicap parking for those who are physically challenged.












how do i join a ministry?





ready to get involved? we want everyone involved at cor! to get started, here are are few steps to follow to make sure you get plugged in to the right place!1. pray.pray and ask god to show you where you can grow and how to use your talents to advance a ministry.2. commit.decide you will give of yourselfto grow, serve, or help to the very best of your abilities.3. love.love and encourage others along their paths of growth and commitment to serving and helping others.  browse the ministries to see where god leads you...  






is there something for my kids?





 the young people's division of christ our redeemer ame church provides young people opportunities to develop leadership skills, increase their knowledge about the ame church, and serve locally and globally through community service projects and mission trips. the ypd under the leadership of the women's missionary society provides meaningful youth training programs and opportunities for leadership experience in all areas of church life. by providing training in evangelism, christian social relations, and education program,s the ypd is designed to connect youth more fully to the mission of the church and increase knowledge of the african methodist episcopal church's history and the scriptures. we also offer youth & young adult intercessory prayer, cor jump start worship, cor focus podcast,  youth choir, and sunday church school.






how do i join bible study group?





cor offer various bible study opportunitites which are built on the four pratices: scripture, observation, application, and prayer. 
















































weekly meditation


 february 17, 2025 theme: "living to please god" scripture: psalm 37:4 "take delight in the lord, and he will give you the desires of your heart." 

























fifth episcopal district

rt. rev. francine a. brookins, esq.presiding prelate rev. miriam j. burnett, md, mphepiscopal supervisor of missionswww.ame5.org


new here

about

messages

events

contact

giving



     45 tesla, irvine, ca 92618     m-f 9:00 - 5:00 pst    reception@corchurch.org     949-955-0014












































open panel


