





serious and funny -- videos, audio, tools, cartoons -- environment, energy, democracy, meltdowns, resilience, health, more! ... grinning planet



















footjob-hd.net







 







 








             get gp freevia email !


















 






 
  cartoons 
             videos 
             audio 
             quotes 
             music 
        / books / 
        movies
             environment 
             all topics 
             contact




 

 









 

 

 








 


 


 

great audio, video, tools, more!
funny videos and cartoons!
empire, energy, environment, health, resilience ... zap! pow!


 









					most recent audio     
					view by topic

notice — 
							out of necessity, i have had to divert time to some personal issues. i am not likely return to posting anytime soon. in the meantime, you may find my list of best news podcasts helpful in hunting down good shows. monitoring many podcasts with a free rss reader like feeddemon makes finding good clips much easier. thanks for your support. -- mark, febr 2016


category:  empire — 05.mar.2015
 
									democracy now
chomsky on global hotspots and the war on terror — 
									
									geopolitical analyst noam chomsky discusses some of the world thorniest issues. segments include ... israel's counterproductive approach to iran; us support for illegal israeli occupations; ukraine and the west's broken promises to russia; how us strategy created a world full of terrorists; after decades of the us boot on cuba's throat, restoring ties is least we can do; as venezuela struggles to fix economy, us should stop trying to undermine its government.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									1:25:13
gp comment:  chomsky can only be trusted so far—he rejects even the possibility of a 9/11 insider conspiracy, is in denial about deep-state machinations, and is utterly silent on the problems of the infinite-growth paradigm and the bankster controlled money system. here, he even says at one point he can't think of any reason not to trust a pronouncement from the israeli intelligence service. (omg, are you kidding??) but overall, in this clip, though he stays inside the envelope, he does address numerous important events and concepts, and does so with proper excoriation. have a listen.
original show pub date: 02.mar.2015
category:  animal welfare — 05.mar.2015
 
									living on earth
the federal animal killing program — 
									
									for more than a century, a us federal program called wildlife services has been operating in the shadows. funded by a combination of private and taxpayer money, it has killed millions of animals. amy atwood of the center for biological diversity says the slaughter is done with little oversight or regard for humane practices, and is usually done in service of private business interests rather than ecosystem needs.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									6:45
gp comment:  i feel quite sure that a majority of americans would oppose such massive routine slaughter of wildlife in the name of private enterprise. yet we allow it to be done in our names.
original show pub date: 27.feb.2015
category:  empire — 05.mar.2015
 
									uprising
how obama and venezuela's right wing and  are conspiring to destabilize venezuela — 
									
									as most of the world focuses on hot spots like ukraine and the middle east, tensions between the us and venezuela continue to simmer. miguel tinker salas, author of several books on venezuela, says the us has been engaged in a continual effort to destabilize venezuela, from the 2002 coup attempt against hugo chavez to funding of today's right-wing takeover efforts. he calls the efforts by western mainstream media to paint venezuela as a backward, anti-democratic nation are provably wrong, though he admits the government does need to reform in some areas, such as the fuel subsidy that puts gasoline at 1 cent a gallon.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									25:06
gp comment:  venezuala is guilty not only of taking care of its poor at the expense of its elites but also of fomenting a left shift in other countries in latin america. they don't play ball with the hegemonic agenda of the us, and that is not acceptable to tptb.
original show pub date: 02.mar.2015
category:  environment — 04.mar.2015
 
									sea change radio
louisiana's disappearing coastline — 
									
									with so much focus on the bp oil spill and the havoc it wrought on the gulf coast, itï¿½s easy to overlook the broader, more long-term environmental dilemma that serves as the backdrop for that catastrophe: louisianaï¿½s coastline is shrinking at an alarming rate. journalist bob marshall recounts the history of the regionï¿½s struggle to keep dry, and delves into the reasons why human efforts to harness mother nature so often have gone awry.  in the second part, marshall focuses on the massive undertaking of reversing a century and a half of policies that have left the mississippi river delta region battered. topics include the dominance of the petroleum industry in the region; the 50 year plan to fix the problem; and how washington politics have proved to be a barrier to solutions.

go to page a  |  
									download/listen a   
									30:00
go to page b  |  
									download/listen b   
									30:00
gp comment:  once we humans are heavily invested in an approach that turns out to be problematic, good luck implementing a proper solution.
original show pub date: 03.feb.2015
category:  media — 04.mar.2015
 
									on the media
what radio can teach the internet — 
									net neutrality is a 21st century concern, but the policy debate that erupted between fcc chairs, the media industry, and citizens echoes an eerily similar fray from 70 years ago, when radio was the dominant medium and just a few corporations were the dominant players. victor pickard, author of america's battle for media democracy, reviews the fcc's attitude towards and actions upon radio in that era, and explains today's parallels regarding the fcc and the internet.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									7:10
gp comment:  one important difference is that newspapers were still strong in that era, still doing a reasonable amount of investigative journalism. today, in terms of finding truthful reporting, the internet is our last best hope, and we'd damn well better protect it from complete control by the propagandists.
original show pub date: 27.feb.2015
category:  empire — 04.mar.2015
 
									against the grain
warfare's sonic dimension — 
									in war zones, both combatants and civilians must cope with, and interpret, the sounds of weaponry and military machinery. while often thought of as ancillary to the violence inflicted by bombs and bullets, wartime sounds, argues martin daughtry, can become indistinguishable from violence itself; they can enact permanent physical and psychological damage.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									54:51
gp comment:  there are some interesting angles here, but it mostly boils down to "war is loud." and i'm surprised there was no mention of the sound-based crowd-control weapons that have been developed. finally, if you've never heard it, check out kate bush's very on-target experiment iv.
original show pub date: 18.feb.2015
category:  media — 02.mar.2015
 
									on the media

internet decision — "free and open" — 
									the fcc has finally voted to reclassify the internet as a telecom service to "protect the open internet." siva vaidhyanathan, professor of media studies at the university of virginia, discusses this long-awaited triumph for net neutrality, and about the next digital battleground: privacy.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									9:01
gp comment:  vaidhyanathan lists a plethora of privacy issues and challenges for digital consumers and comments that we are not yet mature enough to handle appealing-but-intrusive offerings. um, no, if we were mature enough, we would utterly reject such privacy-invading technology.
original show pub date: 27.feb.2015
category:  financial — 02.mar.2015
 
									keiser report
welcome to the fee-ocracy — 
									max keiser and stacy herbert discuss our bureaucratic world, from the mountain of derivatives paperwork, which has added nothing to global gdp, to the piles of qe, which have added merely more paper gains to an over-bloated stock market. in the second half, max interviews david graeber about his new book, the utopia of rules: on technology, stupidity and the secret joys of bureaucracy. they talk about the sovietization of capitalism as more and more paperwork and contracts are required for even the simplest of financial exchanges. max introduces the concept of a fee-ocracy, which believes in the ideology of fee-ism, that spinning ever-more contracts and debt will make us all rich, as epitomized by the practice of quantitative easing, which is essentially printing paperwork.

watch  |  
									download/listen   
									25:40
gp comment:  they're reaching a bit on the framing, but it's still a good discussion.
original show pub date: 24.feb.2015 ~~ original story title: sovietization of capitalism (e723) 
category:  music — 02.mar.2015
 
									vinyl experience
remembering lesley gore ... and romeo and juliet — 
									dj paul cavalconte honors the passing of '60s pop star lesley gore by offering a few tidbits about her career and playing some of her greats: "maybe i know," "california nights" and "it's my party."  then he explores songs that reference the most infamous star-crossed lovers in history, romeo and juliet.  top picks include dire straits - "romeo and juliet" // the reflections - "(just like) romeo and juliet" // steve forbert - "romeo's tune" // blue oyster cult - "don't fear the reaper" // peggy lee - "fever" // thin lizzy - "romeo and the lonely girl."

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									56:39
gp comment:  whaaaaat?? "don't fear the reaper"?? ... yup. "romeo and juliet are together in eternity... we can be like they are... come on, baby... don't fear the reaper."
original show pub date: 20.feb.2015
category:  financial — 28.feb.2015
 
									it's our money
bail-in scenario puts deposits at risk — 
									
									ellen brown and greg hunter of usa watchdog discuss global financial machinations. topics include how the swiss banking system is a publicly-owned system and why it survived the recent attack on its peg, as well as whether  money-printing done for the public good can work better than money printing done for the banksters' good. hunter predicts a bank holiday and bail-ins—where depositors hard-cash deposits' will be converted to shares in the bank—will come within obama's remaining term and that a new war or some sort of false-flag asymmetric attack will likely be paired with the banking ripoff. he says the financial blow-up has not happened yet because tptb have proven that they are willing to go to extraordinary lengths to keep the system propped up.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									58:43
gp comment:  hunter sounds like he drinks waaaay to much coffee, but his observations on the money system are apt. we have, however, been hearing about an impending "bank holiday/money reset" event for most of a decade now. its failure to materialize does not mean it won't eventually happen. but beware of fear promoted by the powers that be intentionally leaking misleading info to otherwise good journalists like hunter.
original show pub date: 28.jan.2015 ~~ original story title: changes
category:  environment (climate) — 28.feb.2015
 
									resistance radio
the guy mcpherson celebrity roast — 
									more than ten years into a career in the academic ivory tower, guy mcpherson terminated his do-nothing, six-figure arrangement and turned his efforts toward awakening the public about impending catastrophic climate change. mcpherson says current science is now showing that enough climate feedback loops have been triggered that we are in a runaway climate-change scenario, where nothing we may try to do can possibly reverse drastic temperature increases. the heating of the planet over the next few decades—unprecedented on a geological time scale—will result in the loss of many species, including humans. his assertions have, of course, come under heavy criticism from many mainstream thinkers as well as some climate scientists. in this clip, derek jensen allows mcpherson to lay out his basic case, and then starts hurling the zingers that have been voiced by critics, and allows mcpherson to respond to the criticisms.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									56:08
gp comment:  the climate situation, as they say in the hollywood scripts, is complicated. i think mcpherson is more right than wrong. regardless, most climate activists believe in solutions that will never work because of physics or public resistance or the criminality of the planetary leadership. so what's the difference? be good, do good, and enjoy the ride.
original show pub date: 15.feb.2015
category:  cool and cosmic — 28.feb.2015
 
									sirius disclosure
pulling energy from the vacuum — 
									this clip is from more than a decade ago but has some ideas that are still perfectly relevant. the following is from the description on the youtube page:  : thomas bearden is a leading conceptualist in alternate energy technologies, electromagnetic bio-effects, unified field theory concepts, and other related areas. he holds advanced engineering degrees and, at the time of this interview, was ceo of ctec; director of the association of distinguished american scientists; and fellow emeritus of the alpha foundation's institute for advanced study. bearden speaks extensively about how it is possible to derive useable energy from within a vacuum without violating any currently known laws of physics. he and others have built electromechanical devices which actually demonstrate this technology. he also explains how certain powers would rather keep this technology from becoming widely known outside of small esoteric circles. time is running out, however, because earth does not have enough oil and coal reserves to last even for this generation, and threats from nuclear waste and climate shift add to the danger.

watch  |  
									download/listen   
									47:30
gp comment:  this is essentially a "free energy" pitch, and bearden is very convincing. free energy is indeed an appealing concept, especially if mankind could put such an energy source toward solving knotty issues like nuclear waste, climate change, and peak oil. but the jevons paradox is not likely to let that be our path, even if free energy could be brought to reality.  so, sorry, i don't think free energy is our savior. the fault, dear brood-us, is not in our energy but in ourselves. thanks to jane for pointing this video out!
original show pub date: unknown
category:  empire, financial — 27.feb.2015
 
									progressive commentary hour
help from the world bank—war by other means — 
									in this audio from his documentary film "war by other means," journalist john pilger explores the gross lack of success the world bank has had in achieving its stated mission of relieving global poverty. indeed, he points out that there is a net flow of money from countries with world bank loans to the countries that fund the world bank.  topics include the impact on the poor and the bankï¿½s corrupt structural adjustment programs. he cites the philippines as a stark example of how bank policies have gone wrong, where 44% of the countryï¿½s national budget has gone towards paying off foreign debt.

download/listen   
									54:57
gp comment:  this is good, but pilger stays safely inside the liberal envelope, decrying third-world debt and world bank policy while failing to even mention the larger money-as-debt problem, banker control of the global money system, the infinite growth paradigm, or the deep state and its use of proxy organizations like the world bank.
original show pub date: 03.feb.2015
category:  empire — 27.feb.2015
 
									red ice radio
how the israel lobby took control of u.s. foreign policy and public opinion — 
									jeff gates is a former counsel to the us senate committee on finance and has served as an adviser to 35 foreign governments. gates gives his take on how the influence of the israeli lobby on the us congress has given rise to a systemic criminality in geopolitics. the israeli zionist enclave is responsible for expanding organized crime to a global scale behind the facade of a sovereign state, in the process victimizing america and waging an unconventional war against the american public through domination of the ï¿½in-between domainsï¿½ of media, pop culture, politics, think tanks and education. topics include the distinction between zionists and jews; "the embedded consensus"; the simple math of campaign contributions; assets and groomed politicians. 

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									1:08:14
gp comment:  gates is careful to state that his views are not anti-jewish, that zionists have no real interest in judaism, only in wealth and power by any means. but he overstates his case when proposing the zionists as the central cause of the global kleptocratic system. has he never heard of banksters?
original show pub date: 13.feb.2015
category:  corporations, labor issues — 25.feb.2015
 
									uprising
walmart moves to boost workers (just) beyond minimum wage — 
									
									walmart has made a surprise announcement that it will be raising wages for half-a-million us workers to $9 by this april, and then to $10 by february 2016. to date, walmart has earned a reputation for paying poverty-level wages to its workers, ensuring that a large percentage of them have to rely on government assistance to survive. but in the past 2 years, union organizers have been working with some walmart employees to agitate for better wages. josh eidelson talks about whether walmart's move means the company has salvaged its reputation.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									14:43
gp comment:  it's a politically savvy move by walmart, but you can be sure that it calculated the move based on what would be best for its bottom line.
original show pub date: 23.feb.2015 ~~ original story title: walmartï¿½s wage increase may not be enough to salvage its image
category:  financial, empire — 25.feb.2015
 
									usa watchdog

lawless leaders manipulating the world — 
									financial expert catherine austin fitts says the world is increasingly being changed by our leaders through criminal behavior. her observations include: the elites are stealing money from retirement funds and similar asset classes; the trend of trading paper money for real assets is helping the rich get richer in the current inflationary environment; the global-trade agenda is being used to deflate overall wages as commodity prices inflate. she adds that the dollar will be defended with covert ops and military action; its fate depends on the outcome. for the future, she predicts increasing financial and political volatily; more warfare; and more media fearmongering to promote public obedience.

watch  |  
									download/listen   
									38:45
gp comment:  sounds like fitts has moved her scenario of "slow burn" to "somewhat-less-slow-but-very-nasty burn."
original show pub date: 25.jan.2015 ~~ original story title: lawless leaders changing the world - catherine austin fitts
category:  environment (chemicals), health — 25.feb.2015
 
									living on earth
plastics and male reproduction — 
									
									 a new study in the journal of human reproduction finds that a common chemical used to create
									flexibility in plastics can affect baby boys' development in the womb. lead researcher dr. shanna swan talks about the affect that phthalates have on the developing fetus and the threat they may pose to male reproductive health later in life.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									6:14
gp comment:  hormone disruption affects all of us who live in the toxic soup sold as better living through chemistry. but hormone disruption especially affects development—fetuses, infants, children. it's nearly impossible to rid your life of plastic, but the better you do on that score, the healthier your family will be.
original show pub date: 20.feb.2015
category:  privacy — 23.feb.2015
 
									democracy now
us and british intelligence hacked sim card maker to steal encryption keys to enable spying on billions of cellphones — 
									
									a new investigation by the intercept reveals the national security agency and its british counterpart, the gchq, hacked into the internal computer network of the largest manufacturer of sim cards in the world, stealing encryption keys used to protect cellphone privacy. the stolen keys give intelligence agencies the ability to monitor mobile communications without seeking or receiving approval from telecom companies and foreign governments. the report was written by jeremy scahill and josh begley, based on documents leaked by nsa whistleblower edward snowden. aclu technology expert chris soghoian explains what's going on and also discusses cell phone apps that can help users protect privacy.

go to page
download/listen a   
									8:55
download/listen b   
									14:53
gp comment:  the encryption apps—which apparently are largely designed by the us government and its contract researchers—may improve your cell phone security. to my cynical mind, though, it's hard to fathom the government building such apps and not putting a back door in them.
original show pub date: 20.feb.2015
category:  history — 23.feb.2015
 
									democracy now
malcolm x remembered 50 years after 1965 assassination — 
									
									this year marks the 50th anniversary of the assassination of malcolm x, one of the most influential political figures of the 20th century. he was shot dead as he spoke before a packed audience at the audubon ballroom in new york city on february 21, 1965. details of his assassination remain disputed to this day. this clip airs highlights from his speeches "by any means necessary" and "the ballot or the bullet" and features an interview with journalist herb boyd, who along with malcolm xï¿½s daughter, co-edited the diary of malcolm x: el-hajj malik el-shabazz, 1964.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									20:53
gp comment:  this is not a comprehensive review of the impact malcolm x had, but there is plenty of worthwhile material here.
original show pub date: 20.feb.2015
category:  environment, empire — 23.feb.2015
 
									living on earth
fbi harassing keystone xl activists — 
									in october 2014, the fbi began contacting at least a dozen people who had been involved in protests against fracking and tar sands development, including the keystone xl pipeline. in some instances, the agents visited—unannounced and uninvited—people at their place of employment, even though the people were not suspected of any crime or involvement in planned crimes. reporter becky kramer and attorney larry hildes discuss the fbi's tactics and its history of surveillance against political activists.

go to page  |  
									download/listen   
									10:21
gp comment:  tptb go to war with entire countries that threaten their agenda. it should come as no surprise that they don't play nice with eco activists.
original show pub date: 20.feb.2015 ~~ original story title: fbi questions keystone xl activists
more audio
see all most recent audio







 








funny / cool














drugs make superbugs


							when antibiotics are used day after day to raise animals, superbugs can arise. these superbugs become resistant to entire classes of antibiotics, reducing the antibiotic toolkit doctors have available for people. the germs can also spread directly from factory farms to nearby communities. what's happening on industrial animal-raising farms is nothing to laugh at. 
							  (3:18) [video] [07.oct.2014]

petrolify


							this clever satire from the post carbon institute uses the overhyped approach of the pharmaceutical industry to poke fun at our modern petro-culture. watch  funny petroleum age video. 
							  (2:05) [video] [11.sep.2014]

resilient home photo tour


							if you have thought about how to live more sustainably or how to lock in the value of at-risk financial assets, then get busy turning your house into a resilient homestead. you can be largely self-sufficient in energy, water, and food without sacrificing the other amenities and pleasures of life. this 
							resilient home photo/text tour 
							shows the result of my efforts to do just that.   [text, image] [11.sep.2014]

camp do-nuttin'


							think congress takes too much time off, and when they do work can't get anything right? animator mark fiore  agrees in this funny take-off on alan sherman's "hello muddah, hello faddah."
							  2:00 [video] [09.aug.2014]

ogg and uck — all washed up


							cavemen ogg and uck discuss the science of collapsing ice sheets and sea level rise. are some ice sheets gaining mass as others lose mass? is the sea level really ...glug, glug, glug ... 
							  (2:00) [video] [09.aug.2014]

imprisonation


							america's prisons are broken. just ask john oliver ... and several puppets. lots of adult language, but a very funny commentary on a very unfunny subject.
  17:42 [video] [21.jul.2014]

drone-topia


							the rise of killer drones abroad continues, as does the rise of fireworks-photographing, beer-delivering drones at home.  with a huge variety of uses and a very politicized, lethal start, these robots in the sky promise to be one of the most difficult-to-regulate gadgets in the united states. mark fiore's drone animation delivers the laughs. 
							  1:53 [video] [16.jul.2014]

roommate food pyramid updated


							the usda has rolled out changes to its roommate food pyramid for the first time in years, updating the dietary guidelines to include four servings of someone else's grains and cereals per day and up to 16 swigs of their orange juice over a several-day span. watch funny nutrition video.
							  (1:02) [video] [28.may.2014]

cia accidentally overthrows costa rica


							ostensibly from 1963, this funny cia video explains that the company's accidental overthrow of costa rica was due to "a little miscommunication" during coup operations in some other nearby central american countries. excellent satire from the onion. 
							  (1:57) [video] [21.may.2014]

lewis black, immortal


							in his latest rant on the daily show, comedian 
							lewis black 
							 reviews the latest news from the bizarro world of longevity research. and speaking of longevity, 
							blondie 
							still sounds great after 40 years of musical rapture.   8:00 [video] [16.may.2014]

the stolen years collection


							for men who "just aren't sure yet" comes a line of jewelry that promises to keep her waiting ... forever. this funny video from amy schumer satirizes the crazy-stupid way some men think about relationships ... and delay, delay, delay on commitment. 
							  (1:18) [video] [07.may.2014]

automakers dash nation’s hope for flying cars


							americans are typically more interested in how cool a car is than how fuel efficient it is. the ultimate cool car is, of course, one that flies. anchorman brandon armstrong presses automakers on the issue---when will we have our flying cars? funny video from the onion. 
							  (2:14) [video] [05.may.2014]

generations


							old age is no prerequisite for being clueless about racial equality and everyday good manners, but those who were alive during the pre-civil-rights era do seem to have a harder time with the concept, as the recent recording of clippers owner donald sterling illustrates. this 
							funny video 
							from amy schumer shows what we might be able to do about it.   2:26 [video] [02.may.2014]

cnn pregnancy test


							this funny video from saturday night live pokes fun at the incessant news blather created by the concept of 24-hour coverage and the overemphasis on breaking news. 
							  (2:13) [video] [26.apr.2014]

amy schumer — 9/11


							many of us think 9/11 is the crime of the century and should not only not be forgotten but should be reinvestigated as a top priority. though we are dedicated, we are rare. most people are distracted with other things—anything—besides one of the key events in the decline of self-governance, as this 
							funny video 
							from amy schumer shows.   2:57 [video] [25.apr.2014]

hitler finds out windows xp support has ended


							in april 2014, microsoft ceased support for its popular windows xp operating system, forcing users to either upgrade to the lame windows 8x os or suffer ever-increasing vulnerabilities to hacks and viruses as xp decays. this 
							funny video 
							shows what der fuhrer's reaction was when he was told that he faced this dilemma.   3:56 [video] [17.apr.2014]

michelle obama introduces exercise program to combat obesity in professional baseball players


							the first lady recently launched her "take the field" initiative, encouraging major league baseball players to get active and eat a healthy diet. baseball is by design a slow, lazy sport, so when these players get chubby, they need help! mildly amusing satire from 
							the onion. 
							  1:57 [video] [15.apr.2014]

united states of john roberts


							with the supreme court's recent ruling on the mccutcheon case, the us cashocracy is finally here! the cash of the billionaire class can now flood into political campaigns, allowing the wealthy to reclaim their historical role as kingmaker. animator mark fiore has some
							funny things 
							to say about this and chief justice john roberts, who thinks cash corrupts only when it is slipped inside a legislator's vest pocket right on the senate floor.   1:22 [video] [14.apr.2014]

american people lead world in compressing big sandwiches so they’re bitable


							a new report released thursday found that americans lead the world in their ability to take very large sandwiches into their hands and crush them until they are small enough to fit inside the human mouth. or so says this funny sandwich video from the onion. 
							  (1:28) [video] [08.apr.2014]

religious liberty for corporations?


							corporations got free speech rights with the "citizens united" decision. the supreme court "hobby lobby" case may be the start of something new and exciting for corporate rights—freedom of religion! animator mark fiore gives the corps the skewering they deserve. 
							  1:56 [video] [02.apr.2014]

code green!


							this video slideshow offers a slew of good environmental cartoons by stephanie mcmillan. she calls our planet's situation—and her cartoon collection—"code green!" 
							  (3:53) [video/slideshow] [30.mar.2014]

is it factory-farmed chicken?


							in this funny video from food and water watch, two patrons are super-excited about the waitress' explanations regarding the menu's factory-farmed chicken and how it was raised. 
							  (1:47) [video] [23.mar.2014]pornplaybb.com
shemalevids.org
macromastiavideo.com

the real third rail of climate change


							the two stereotypical sides of the climate debate are (a) climate change is a potential planet-killer and must be addressed; and (b) climate change is nothing to worry about, it's all part of a natural cycle. guy mcpherson reviews the scientific evidence that there is a third scenario: we have already entered a runaway-feedback climate mode and there is now nothing humans can do to reverse the catastrophic level of warming that's coming—and coming soon. the good news? mcpherson delivers his dark news clearly, with a great sense of humor, and with excellent insights into the human condition. 
							  (1:51:49) [video] [17.mar.2014]

laid-off man finally achieves perfect work-life balance


							just two weeks after being laid off from the tech firm where he worked as a coder, 34-year-old sam morrison told sources monday that he had finally achieved the perfect work-life balance. 
							  (1:04) [video] [17.mar.2014]

american poltrooneum institute


							keystone xl and tar sands oil are emissions-free wonders that will do everything good you ever thought possible—at least according to the american petroleum institute. this funny animation from mark fiore cracks the long-chain hydrocarbons the emanate from the mouths of api lobbyists and flacks.
							 (1:58) [video] [10.mar.2014]

funny military quotes


david friedman:  the direct use of force is such a poor solution to any problem, it is generally employed only by small children and large nations.
robert fulghum:  it will be a great day when our schools have all the money they need, and our air force has to have a bake-sale to buy a bomber. 
frank liszt:  i am not fond of speaking about politics because i don't have in my possession an army of 200,000 soldiers. 
ambrose bierce:  war is god's way of teaching americans geography. 
more funny military quotes   [text] [03.mar.2014]

fukushima baby


							david stephenson's song "fukushima baby" is a good rave-up where the girl of his dreams may be a little to hot to handle. lyric snippet: 
							"when she made landfall on the oregon coast, //
							i grabbed her hand and i held her close. //
							when it comes to love, some feel a pitter-patter, // 
							but i felt the heat of her nuclear reactor." 
  [song/audio] [03.mar.2014]

honey, i shrunk the army!


							as america announces plans to scale back the army, the fact that the us still spends as much on its military as the next dozen countries combined seems slight consolation to some. but jon stewart explains why objections to the empire cuts back plan are nothing more than poorly camouflaged hypocrisy. (4:00)
							  [video] [01.mar.2014]

the word:  jobsolete


							stephen colbert sharpens his satirical sword as he explains why it's important for congress to protect american jobs by funding unnecessary weapons systems and useless military equipment. watch the word: jobsolete (04:13) 
							  [video] [01.mar.2014]

romancing the drone


							jon stewart explains how the obama administration is exploring the legal ramifications of "aerial citizen reduction programs" ... um, otherwise known as drone killings.  
							then in part 2, stewart examines how senator carl levin staged an intervention for american drone policy, but the obama administration refused to admit it has a problem. (8:27)
							  [video] [25.feb.2014]

the pretty things – s.f. sorrow is reborn


							after the beatles released their epic  sgt. pepper album in 1967, many artists were inspired to attempt something similar. none came as close as the pretty things with their 1968 psychedelic masterpiece, s.f. sorrow. here, the band reunites 30 years later to do s.f. sorrow live , offering a spot-on performance of the album that somehow manages to transcend that amazing  original studio effort.
							  (1:00:51) [music video] [22.feb.2014]

goodbye net neutrality, hello gilded-age internet


							a court says isps can charge content providers different prices for different speeds, turbo-charging delivery for high rollers and slowing down or blocking delivery for those who won't or can't pay the premiums. mark fiore's funny net neutrality video skewers this attack on our beloved "system of tubes." 
							  (1:38) [video] [20.feb.2014]

the natural effect


							in this brilliant satire of the highly abused food term "natural," we see a spokesman for the "false advertising industry" proudly explain the clever ways they trick consumers into thinking "natural foods" always come from old macdonald's farm, when often they come directly from the dark heart of the industrial food system. watch funny video about natural foods
  (4:25) [video] [17.feb.2014]

monsanto — picking up  god’s slack


							this funny monsanto video makes mince meat out of the company's maniacal drive to dominate the global food system with their gmo products, no matter what the cost. from happy little guillotine studios. 
							  (2:33) [video] [14.feb.2014]

rico chevron vs. cartoonist (and everyone)


							if your petroleum operations created a legacy of pollution in a foreign land, you got sued there for $10 billion and lost, you'd accept your punishment like a good global citizen, right? of course not! you'd go beyond the lawyer-dome and employ every dirty trick in the book to keep your $10 billion. an maybe you might ask your questionable friend rico might have a "talk" with an upstart cartoonist who does a funny oil company video  ...
							  (2:46) [video] [09.feb.2014]

kids of the apocalypse – “empire”


							throughout history, it has been the practice of empire to grind people and places under its wheels. today is no exception, and we are starkly reminded of the destructive habits of those who run the planet in this music video about empire from kids of the apocalypse.
							  (4:04) [music video] [06.feb.2014]

funny superbowl commercials


							as usual, a lot of the ads during this year's big game inspired more yawns than yearnings. but there were a few standouts. here are grinning planet's picks for the funniest superbowl commercials
  (5:00) [video] [03.feb.2014]

tsa—now hiring


							you too can have a fun time working for the nation's preeminent groping agency, the tsa. and there are many more perks than just getting your kicks aggravating innocent americans, as this funny video explains!
							 (2:00)  [video] [31.jan.2014]

the hit


							three gangstas are positioned for the hit. but they run into a little trouble with the snow. .  see funny winter snow video
  (3:23) [video] [30.jan.2014]

can net neutrality be rebooted?


							with a federal court having struck a blow against net neutrality, stephen colbert explores the funnier side of the impact. then author tim wu deflects colbert's denial-of-lip-service attack as he makes the case for net neutrality, arguing that cable companies want to impose toll booths on the internet..  see funny net neutrality video
  (6:49) [video] [27.jan.2014]

obama translated


							this is an awesome funny animation that ridicules obama's ability to make nonsense sound like sense and make his ideas sound righteous when they are anything but. in this case, his recent speech on nsa "reform" is a ripe target for mark fiore's humorous barbs.
							  (2:05) [video] [24.jan.2014]

funny teacher quotes


calvin trillin:  i never did very well in math—i could never seem to persuade the teacher that i hadn't meant my answers literally. 
frank rizzo:  we need excellence in public education and if the teachers can't do it, we'll send in a couple of policemen.  
flannery o'connor:  everywhere i go i'm asked if i think the university stifles writers. my opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. there's many a best-seller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.  
minna thomas antrim:  experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.  
more funny teacher quotes   [text] [21.jan.2014]

addicted to likes


							this funny animation plays off robert palmer's hit song "addicted to love" and explains that what we're really addicted to is likes—and other meaningless forms of internet approval..  see funny facebook video
  (3:24) [video] [18.jan.2014]

is factory farming making us sick?


							industrial farming of crops creates lots of problems, including water pollution; pesticide contamination of farm workers and food; genetic contamination of organic crops; loss of topsoil and fertility; habitat loss and wild species degradation. perhaps worse are the ills associated with the industrial farming of animals. here is a glitzy infographic that explains a few of the health impacts of factory farming. 
							  [graphic] [16.dec.2014]

insurance-free health care and robo-sperm


							researchers have developed a drug-delivering robo-sperm, but stephen colbert is worried about side effects. and now, thanks to a new app, you can see a cyber-doctor without the crippling burden of having health insurance.  see funny health video (6:49) 
							  [video] [13.jan.2014]

quoth the maven


						"it is the safest of times, it is the riskiest of times.... what the dickens is going on here?" — denton morrison	on chemicals, technology, and risk   [text] [10.jan.2014]
						see more funny quotes about chemicals

barry gibb talk show


							jimmy fallon does a  send up of barry gibb as a temperamental talk show host, with his talking voice alternating between normal and falsetto (as the real gibb did when he sang many bee gees songs). this is the funniest thing i've seen on snl in years. 
							  [video] [07.jan.2014]

denial tango


							the australian group men with day jobs perform a hilarious song about global warming skeptics. (4:18)
							  [music video] [04.jan.2014]
more ...
   
								 - videos
								 - quotes
								 - music & news
								 - tools
								 -  topic list
								 - site map





 




 






 






clicks on ads and purchases at amazon.com launched from herehelp support this free site... thanks!


 








serious and (clean) funnyanimations & videos ...









 




eco serious





 





the real third rail of climate change
					  the two stereotypical sides of the climate debate are (a) climate change is a potential planet-killer and must be addressed; and (b) climate change is nothing to worry about, it's all part of a natural cycle. guy mcpherson reviews the scientific evidence that there is a third scenario: climate change has already entered a runaway-feedback mode and there is now nothing humans can do to reverse the catastrophic level of warming that's coming—and coming soon. the good news? mcpherson delivers his dark news clearly, with a great sense of humor, and with excellent insights into the human condition.  watch climate feedback loop video. 
					  (1:51:49)






 




food funny





 





is it factory-farmed chicken?
					  in this funny video from food and water watch, two patrons are super-excited about the waitress' explanations regarding the menu's factory-farmed chicken and how it was raised.  watch funny industrial chicken farming video. 
					  (1:47)






 




media funny





 





cnn pregnancy test
					  this funny video from saturday night live pokes fun at the incessant news blather created by the concept of 24-hour coverage and the overemphasis on breaking news.  watch funny cable news video. 
					  (2:13)






 


 


 




empire serious





 





mavs — bug-bot drones
					  mavs are bird- or insect-sized drones that can be weaponized to kill using vectors like injectable poisons. watch the demonstration video and read why all us citizens should be concerned about development of these killer bug-bots.
					  




 




gmo funny





 





monsanto — picking up  god’s slack
					  this funny bit from happy little guillotine studios makes mince meat out of monsanto's maniacal drive to dominate the global food system with their gmo products, no matter what the cost.  watch funny monsanto video. 
					  (2:33)






 




just plain funny




 





the stolen years collection
					  for men who "just aren't sure yet" comes a line of jewelry that promises to keep her waiting ... forever. this funny video from amy schumer satirizes the crazy-stupid way some men think about relationships ... and delay, delay, delay on commitment.  watch funny relationship video. 
					  (1:18)






 


 


see ... 
				    funny multimedia  |  
			  		environmental multimedia  |  
					books  | 
					movies



 




 






 






clicks on ads and purchases at amazon.com launched from herehelp support this free site... thanks!



 








 

 

 









 
 
 




 


		 copyright 2014 © mark jeantheau — all rights reserved.   more info


 




 













 

 




 



 



news, articles, info




mp3 news download
video/audio news sites
environmental news sites
investigative journalism sites

environment/energy/economy
						    - articles/resources by topic
						    - articles by date

environmental quotes
						    - funny environmental quotes
						    - peak oil quotes

environmental cartoons/jokes
						    - environmental videos/animations

environmental products
eco/nature greeting cards

grinning planet farm








funny stuff




funny jokes/cartoons
						    - environmental cartoons

funny animations/videos
						    - environmental animations/videos

funny quotes
						    - environmental funny quotes








books




environmental books
global warming books
energy books
solar energy books
peak oil books
food-gardening books
media books





 





music & movies




environmental movies
environmental songs
environmental music videos

album reviews
fun with lyrics








admin




home page
search
site map
about us
faqs
contact
free subscriptions
unsubscribe
privacy policy










 












