







mind's eye, inc. - software development, database design and consulting











 










mind's eye, inc.
 





































report engine
medical office
downloads
articles



president's day sale!
now through 
				the end of february, save on new and upgrade licenses of the 
				mind's eye report engine!


click here to see sale prices
 
 







mind's eye report engine controlthe mind's eye report engine activex control makes it easy 
    to create reports programmatically using visual foxpro, delphi or vb using the mind's eye report engine activex 
    control. additional support for running visual foxpro frx reports without 
    modification is handled via a visual foxpro class library included with the 
    mind's eye report engine control. the mind's eye report engine makes it easy 
    to create charts and barcodes in a report. 
    it supports saving reports to pdf without requiring any 3rd party pdf 
printer drivers or tools. the report preview can zoom greater than 
100,000%, and it handles page x of y without making any extra passes on the 
    report. it supports multiple page sizes and/or page orientations in a 
single report preview which can be printed as a single 
print job or saved as a single pdf document. since the visual foxpro frx reports 
    can be ran without modification and loaded into the report engine using the 
    included visual foxpro class library, you can even extend it's capabilities to 
add support such as subreports and more. it's like having a desktop publishing 
page layout tool that you can manipulate programmatically.

the power of this tool is that you now have a report object that you can 
manipulate at runtime and it is extremely fast. 


 




medical office 2009


since 1986, mind's eye has been dedicated to educating 
people on ways to use technology to improve both their business and personal 
lives. our goal is to help you work faster and more efficiently so you'll have 
more free time to devote to other interests or ideas. 
  
  
  

contact information


address
mind's eye, inc.
4115 hidden meadows dr.
arnold, mo 63010
 
telephone 
636-282-2102
 
electronic mail 
general information: 
	info@mindseyeinc.comsales: 
	sales@mindseyeinc.comcustomer support: 
	support@mindseyeinc.com















©2008 - mind's eye, inc.
				








