





cogr: central ohio greyhound rescue – central ohio greyhound rescue












































































 




home
information

about us
faq
gallery


fostering info

fostering


adopting

adoption process
adoptables


vendors
contact us
events
remembrance

















central ohio greyhound rescue













with greyhound racing ceasing operations throughout much of the united states and our inability to obtain dogs on a regular basis, we have made the difficult decision to stop taking new applications for the foreseeable future. we will still work to fulfill the open applications we currently have, as well as remain available to support current adopters with advice, information, rehoming, and any other needs. should dogs become available for which we cannot find homes for, we will re-open applications for those specific dogs.

thank you all for your generosity and support over the years.

the central ohio greyhound rescue adoption team.

unfortunately, most ex-racing greyhounds cannot go into foster homes with small animals like cats because the adoption kennels at racetracks are no longer able to test for small animal compatibility. therefore we only need foster homes without any small animals. this is adding to our delays in adoptions because we can only accept applications for our current dogs’ specific requirements.
thank you for your patience as we work through these challenging times. rest assured, we are still hard at work for these retiring racers!!!


cogr covid-19 home visit guidelines

cogr representative will confirm on the day of the home visit that no one in the representative’s or the applicant’s homes are exhibiting symptoms of covid-19
cogr representative will use hand sanitizer prior to entering the applicant’s home
cogr representative and applicant will wear masks for the duration of the home visit
applicant will use hand sanitizer prior to touching the dog; if the applicant does not have hand sanitizer, hand sanitizer will be provided by the cogr representative
the majority of the home visit will be conducted outside (weather permitting)
cogr representative and applicant will maintain a minimum distance of 6 feet both inside and outside
these guidelines also apply to the current foster of the dog, should they decide to participate in the home visit

we appreciate your understanding and support during this unprecedented time.
welcome! please come and see us at one of our meet & greet events.  be sure to check out the adoptables page to see what greyt dogs become available! please check our adoption process page for details on the entire process of adopting.
if you’re not ready to adopt have you considered fostering? cogr is always in need of foster homes to help the hounds transition from track life to retirement. nothing is more satisfying than helping a hound find a new life. if you’re interested in fostering send us an e-mail, facebook message, submit an application, or give us a call at 614-239-0943.
remember if you need to get a present for someone (or yourself, and support cogr) by shopping on amazon smile, or from one of our supporting vendors.
cogr will only place greyhounds in the central ohio area. if you live outside central ohio and want to adopt a hound check out our list of adoption groups in other parts of the country.


read more















venmo us! 
   
 

thank you! thank you to everyone for supporting the hounds!
donate! 
   
 










 copyright @ 2016 cogr. all rights reserved. p.o. box 460 dublin, oh 43017 614-239-0943

 






































