























lake erie walleye fishing charters in ohio - west sister charter fleet

























































west sister charter fleetwe are your professional lake erie fishing charter boat captains.book your charter!
home
lake erie charter boats
book your 2024 lake erie fishing charter
lodging near meinke marina
contact west sister
directions to meinke marina
lake erie fishing gallery
lake erie fishing charters
why book a charter trip with west sister charter fleet?
we are a professional group of long time, lake erie fishing charter guides. each of us are fully insured, u.s.c.g. licensed, and ohio licensed guides.
when you’re on the water with west sister charter fleet, rest assured you’re working with a mastermind of lake erie fishing experts. we work with one another with our eyes and ears on the water, so you have 10x the chance of catching all of those sought-after huge walleye, tasty smallmouth bass, and delicious yellow perch! west sister charter fleet provides you with a successful day of lake erie fishing; one that you’ll always remember and cherish!
formed in 1980, we share one common goal; to provide our clientele with the most enjoyable lake erie charter fishing trip they’ll ever experience.  we’re committed to fishing excellence, and we consistently strive to be the best at what we do, since day one.
we give you the best lake erie has to offer with the following fishing charters:

lake erie walleye charters
lake erie is known for its superior walleye fishing and we offer the finest in walleye charters lake erie has to offer. with west sister charter fleet, you’re fishing with over 20 elite fishermen who have a lifetime of experience and absolutely love what they do! most of these captains have been fishing in lake erie well over 30 years now. these well-seasoned pros fish lake erie every single day (during fishing season) for its abundant selection of these much desired, and massive, walleye.
lake erie perch fishing charters
fishing for yellow perch can be a fun, exciting, and rewardingly delicious experience. native to the upper midwest and canada, yellow perch can reach a maximum length of about 16″ and weigh as much as 2+ pounds!
the largest yellow perch ever to be caught in ohio weighed 2.75 pounds and was caught on lake erie. yellow perch feed on smaller fish and invertebrates, such as mayfly larvae. they can usually be found at depths of around 20 to 70 feet.
many people will say that perch are the best-tasting fish lake erie has to offer and we do our absolute best to get you your limit (of 30 per person) on your lake erie perch fishing trip with us.
lake erie bass charters
oftentimes, female smallmouth bass are usually larger than male smallmouth bass of the same age. smallmouth reach maturity by age three to four, and the distinct lines on their sides will generally fade with age. the smallmouth bass go by a few different names, such as smallie, red-eye, green trout, brown bass, and bronzeback, to name a few.
when you hook a smallmouth bass, most often they’ll break the surface of the water and become airborne, sometimes performing acrobatic flips in an attempt to set themselves free!
methods of lake erie charter fishing
depending on your personal fishing preference, you can choose to drift & cast or choose to troll.
drift fishing charters 
using a lure baited with a nightcrawler, you get to bait your hook, cast it out, and retrieve it. and when you feel that nibbly fish take the bait, set your hook! you can use bottom bouncers, weight-forward spinners, jigs, weapons, or any other types of lures and presentations to catch your lake erie walleye, yellow perch, and smallmouth bass!
trolling charters
lake erie fishing has never been more productive. precision trolling is a very efficient method of getting fish into the boat. you get to participate in as much of the fun as you want! you help set the lines, select the lures, and net the fish…not just sit there and wait for your turn. trolling with each of our dedicated lake erie charters is very much a team effort.
each charter boat is equipped with the latest in fish finding technology and navigational (gps) equipment, and have all of the accommodations to make your lake erie fishing charter a comfortable and memorable one. we also have the knowledge and expertise to make your day a fun and successful one. because we are out on the water every day and in communication with one another, we’re familiar with where the “hotspots” are on any given day and we get you on top of the fish at all times.
we are a multi-generational, professional group of expert fishermen who’ll make sure your lake erie fishing experience is second to none. so climb aboard and join us in this unforgettable adventure!
conveniently docked fishing charters at meinke marina
meinke marina west is located in curtice, oh (near toledo and just 25 miles west of port clinton, ohio). visit here for a map and directions to the marina. if you’re visiting us from a further distance, be sure to check out our lodging page for a complete list of accommodations available (some right down the road from the marina).
when are your charter boats on lake erie, and where do you fish?
we fish in ohio on the western basin of lake erie from the spring until the fall. there is simply no better fishing than this! everybody has a shot at that trophy walleye (as well as some of the best lake erie yellow perch fishing and lake erie smallmouth bass fishing too).
how do i book a lake erie fishing charter with west sister charter fleet?
you can book your lake erie fishing trip online today to ensure you get your preferred date. if you have any questions or wish to reserve your fishing charter date by phone, you can call or text us at 419-350-9803, or email us here. he will be happy to answer any questions you may have. happy fishing!
book your charter today!
our charter boats on lake erie
room for more chartersrustyhook chartersmore gooder fishing chartersking and eye chartersreel affair chartersrestless chartersreel fun charterscutting edge chartersnight owl fishing chartersw’eyes decision chartersreel therapy sportfishingjodi lynnnowhere chartersshamrock fishing charterscrazy lady charters, llcfishin’ edition chartersunreel charterspirate sportfishingfull pull charterserie pearl charters
lake erie walleye charter trips – $690


book your charter!



 

directions to meinke marina
search west sister charter fleet

sitemap:
take me to the home page
book your fishing charter today!
charter fishing minutes away from many lodging spots!
questions about our fishing charters? we’re here to help!
find us easily! – map & directions to meinke marina

copyright © 2025 · west sister charter boat association · site by mediastorm, llc privacy policy






















































