


















calista corporation – home


































































2fa and mycalista: learn more.  | shareholder business directory: submit a listing


 




 


facebook icon



twitter icon





menushareholderscommon formsmycalista.comdescendant enrollment informationannual meetingshareholder awards programfaqswelcome new shareholdersshareholder developmentshareholder business directoryshareholder informationaddress unknown listabout stock willscalista education and cultureour regionshareholder rightsyk tribes unitepublic advocacy and engagement committee closebusinessboard of directorsexecutivesvision, mission, core valuesbusiness overviewholding lines & subsidiariesdiversified holdingsprivacy policy closepublicationsnewscalista on my sidestoryknife closeemploymentjob openingsshareholder talent bankshareholder hiring preferencedrug and alcohol free workplaceemployee benefits closelandcalista landmaps and reportsdonlin gold project: protecting our land and way of lifesustainable developmentcalista gis close




 

 








news







calista seeks nominations for 2025 shareholder awards

			calista corporation is seeking nominations for its 2025 shareholder awards. nominations are due 5 pm, march 14.		









yup’ik teaching moment: kevgiq

			before western contact, kevgiq was a big event all over the region in which one community would invite a rival community to socialize and have a friendly dance competition, usually during the winter.		









alaska fiberoptic project update

			by the end of 2026, households in seven communities along the kuskokwim river—upper kalskag, lower kalskag, tuluksak, akiak, akiachak, kwethluk and napakiak—are expected to receive high-speed fiber optic internet.		









calivika testimonial: yupik jades creations

			jadeen is proud of her heritage and believes in keeping tradition alive. she sews hats, qaspeqs and coats and takes custom orders.		









2025 board of directors nominee solicitation announcement

			the calista corporation board of directors is seeking the nomination of voting shareholders, over the age of 18, interested in running for the three director seats up for election at the calista annual meeting of shareholders on june 6, 2025.		









charitie uquviar ropati, empowering our shareholders

			charitie uquviar ropati with ties to kongiganak, is a calista shareholder pursuing a career in engineering to serve the needs of the y-k region.		









donlin gold: community q&a in 2024

			calista, donlin gold and tkc held public meetings in anchorage and bethel, with additional calista shareholder meetings in the y-k region in 2024.		








 

 
 
 
 
 













 







main office:5015 business park boulevard, ste. 3000anchorage, alaska 99503


 





contact us

privacy policy
 
 
 
 
 
 
















 
 

