







entertainer's secret - throat relief spray - entertainer's secret throat relief























































homeorder onlineshopping cartmy account



 



homeproduct overview
what is entertainer's secret?how does it workingredientsusage instructionstestimonialshow to get it
order on-line - usaorder online - outside usashipping rateswhere to find entertainer's secret in usawhere to find entertainer's secret outside usahelpful links
voice care professionalsother professionalsmedical/physician specialistsdistributorscontact us

 







 








1.jpg




2.jpg




3.jpg




4.jpg


home slider1.jpghttp://newsite.entertainers-secret.com/images/slideshow/1.jpg2.jpghttp://newsite.entertainers-secret.com/images/slideshow/2.jpg3.jpghttp://newsite.entertainers-secret.com/images/slideshow/3.jpg4.jpghttp://newsite.entertainers-secret.com/images/slideshow/4.jpg
 











video testimonials


vocal coach testimonial highly recommending entertainer's secret!






boys like girls rock band loves entertainer's secret!








billy joel uses entertainer's secret!






scott gorman (voice over artist) recommends entertainer's secret!










					welcome to entertainer's secret throat relief			
relief for throat discomfort, hoarse voice and congestion caused by excessive dryness
are you experiencing throat irritation? do annoying allergies or other respiratory problems bring on those inevitable episodes of dry, sore throat and scratchy, hoarse voice? do you spend a lot of time speaking, singing, lecturing, selling, teaching, presenting, cheering, telephoning, preaching, performing, announcing, or just talking...
if so, you've found the right product! since you're judged by your voice, you owe it to your listeners and yourself to sound and feel your very best. don't worry, throat relief can be found in entertainer's secret.

product enhancements
just when you thought entertainer's secret throat relief could not get any better... it has!
kli corp. is thrilled to introduce entertainer's secret throat relief with an extended nozzle. this directed spray allows for a more efficient and precise delivery to the back of the throat and vocal apparatus.
you spoke, and we listened. entertainer's secret is now:
> easier to use> even better in providing rapid relief of hoarse voice, dry throat, vocal strain, etc. when due to dryness.
we invite you to join the thousands of satisfied users who have been sharing our "secret"!
entertainer's secret has always been, and is still fat-free, sugar-free, gluten-free... and offers the same great taste. free standard shipping on all orders within the united states!

what's in stevie nick's bag?  check it out- it's entertainer's secret!
click the picture on the right to enlarge it but yes- she keeps entertainer's secret in her bag (along with a lot of other essentials!)
 
courtesy of us magazine 
 
 
 
 

katy perry interview in heat magazine
q: what are the three essential items you can’t leave home without?
a: baby wipes, entertainer’s secret throat spray (it’s always dressed up in a little tuxedo) and my ipad in my chanel case. 
 
 

kli corp is pleased to introduce a new pocket pak trio presentation
this is the same great product to soothe dry, sore throats and restore vocal quality, but now in a handy pocket/lipstick size. great for travel and perfect for single performances.
this pocket pak trio contains three 8 ml (twice as much as before) travel size bottles for just $21.  (shipping within the usa included)
order a pocket pak trio for yourself or share it with a friend!














become a fan on facebook and become eligible to win our weekly drawing for entertainer's secret!
every friday, we will be drawing a winning name from our facebook fan list to receive a pocket pak trio of entertainer's secret absolutely free! winners will be listed online, as well as notified by email.
so don't wait, join today to be connected, stay updated, and put yourself in the running for free product.







tweets by entertainerssec  



















 

 




twitter
facebook





entertainer's secret | 484 e carmel drive, ste 257 | carmel, indiana 46032 | u.s.a.800.308.7452 toll free | 317.846.7452 local | 317.846.1676 fax | this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.






© 2024 kli corp., all rights reserved.
privacy policyterms and conditions


shopping cart





the cart is empty



 

