

welcome to colddeadfish.net




 
quick jump to sections
go to theme parks.     go to other amusements.     go to movies and movie reviews.     go to concerts/exhibits/musicals/plays reviews.     go to for your reading pleasure.     go to for your listening pleasure.     go to for your additional listening pleasure.     go to dining reviews.     go to basic fun games.     go to that's what friends are for.     go to internet email humour.     go to just for fun - a grabbag of miscellaneous things.
 
l.a.con iv: the 2006 world science fiction convention 
eat you!
triple "ago" special dessert!
 
and now for something
completely different
 
so what do you do for fun?
 

theme parks
disneyland resort in anaheim, california - here's the official site for everything you want to know about the disneyland resort in california. find out about disneyland (park), the new-since-february 2001 disney's california adventure and downtown disney (west), a dining/shopping/entertainment district.
cindy's disneyland resort page - there's finally enough information to warrant a separate page. click here for news and information, links to event coverage, attraction/show reviews, trip reports (more will be added to the archive), restaurant reviews and menus, information about celebrating a birthday, the (in)famous noon meet, and other related disneyland resort information.     update to olszewski disneyland miniatures 8/16/2015
mouseplanet - here's an unofficial site about the disney universe. i don't generally read too many of the articles, but the weekly park updates (one for the disneyland resort in anaheim and one for the walt disney world resort in orlando) are full of the latest information and well worth reading every week. there's also mousepad, the discussion boards attached to the main website. the combined body of knowledge of its members is fairly extensive, so you can find the answer to almost any question you might have. the moderators are also very much on top of things, so the boards are fairly easy to navigate and participate in. however, one thing to keep in mind no matter what discussion boards you're on. when you post something, anyone will be able to comment on it, and they're not necessarily going to agree. that's the nature of discussion boards. some people will have opinions that you find unbelievable - and some people may find your opinions unbelievable. and then there will be the drama queens who post the stupidest things and then get all bent out of shape when you call them on it. it can be tedious to deal with.
walt disney world resort in orlando, florida - here's the official site for everything you want to know about the walt disney resort in florida. find out about the four parks (magic kingdom, epcot, animal kingdom, disney/mgm studios), the two water parks (blizzard beach and typhoon lagoon), downtown disney (east), and the many hotel resorts and other things to do on disney property.

january 2007 walt disney world/universal parks trip - notes from our january 2007 trip to walt disney world and the universal parks.

sea world - here's the official site for the 3 sea world adventure parks, located in san diego, california; san antonio, texas; and orlando, florida. they've changed the look of the site, and unfortunately, they've taken out some of the fun stuff, like the ability to send sea world e-postcards, but there's still lots of good information.
cindy's sea world - here's where cindy will post information and her thoughts/opinions about sea world san diego. at the moment, there's not much to it, just the following:

click here to read cindy's may 23, 2004 trip report, including information about the passport member preview of journey to atlantis, a review of lunch at calypso bay smokehouse, a visit with the polar bears, and some changes with the killer whale contingent.
click here to read cindy's june 12, 2001 trip report.
click here for information about the birth of kasatka's boy nakai in september of 2001.
takara's baby was born in may of 2002.

the sea world information guide - here's the unofficial site for the 3 sea world adventure parks, run by a friend who has had a sea world annual passport since 1992. it's a good companion to the official site, since the swig has detailed information about shows, dining locations, exhibits and answers to basic questions.
knott's berry farm - two trip reports.

knott's berry farm - january 25, 2005 trip report
knott's berry farm - october 28, 2007 trip report

universal parks excerpt - excerpted from january 2007 trip to walt disney world and the universal parks.
 

other amusements
celebration iv - star wars convention - may 24 to may 28, 2007 - various notes and information from our visit to celebration iv, the star wars convention to celebrate the 30th anniversary of star wars.
los angeles county fair - september 2005 trip report
 

movies
star wars - the official site. tons of stuff all in one place. at least i (cs) am pretty sure there is tons of stuff. i can't actually go to the site much until after 2005...
moulin rouge - have you seen this awesome oscar-nominated movie starring nicole kidman and ewan mcgregor? it's available on dvd, and there are also two soundtracks available. all three are well worth having.
monsters, inc. - an absolutely hysterical, touching, cute, wonderful film from the wizards at pixar. the dvd was released september 17, 2002. do you have your copy? "kitty!"
legally blonde - reese witherspoon is terrific, and the movie is hysterical. it's now also available on dvd. the sequel was released on july 2, 2003, and it's just as good as the first one. a definite recommend!
star trek - your guide to the trek universe. with a relatively new tv show ("enterprise") and a new movie last year, there's a lot going on.
internet movie data base - have a question about a film, an actor, a director or anything else movie-related? this is your one-stop shopping place.
 
for cindy's movie reviews, go here.
 
for more movie reviews and other movie-related info, check out the "movies" label from my blog.
 

concerts/exhibits/musicals/plays
entertainment reviews - click here for links to reviews of concerts, exhibits, musicals and plays.
 
 
 

for your reading pleasure
douglas adams - here's the official site for dna. we may have lost him in 2001, but we still have all the fun he left behind: the hitchhiker trilogy (all five books and a short story), the dirk gently series (both books), the starship titanic game (and the novelization by terry jones) and "last chance to see", an amazing book about what's in danger of disappearing forever. plus, there was a new release in may of 2002. go here for more information.
earth edition of the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy - need to consult the guide or wanna help build it?
timothy zahn - he helped to keep the star wars universe vibrant and alive during the years between jedi and phantom menace with the "heir to the empire" trilogy, capturing the spirit and character of the star wars universe. his other works are just as good. the official site seems to be in the birthing stage, but check out a bibliography.
orson scott card - the official site of the creator of the ender series. "ender's game" is a definite recommend. the series grows and matures with each subsequent book, but nothing compares to the original.
mike resnick - he's always an interesting read, but the oracle trilogy is his best. don't miss the widowmaker saga either.
 

for your listening pleasure
genesis - everything you've wanted to know about the band. ok, not everything because they're still under construction and not all the information is there yet, but based on what's there already, the site is going to be awesome when it's done. questions about phil collins or peter gabriel or tony banks or mike rutherford or any of the other past members? here's where to go.
phil collins - here's the official site for all things related to pc. i haven't gone through much of it myself, but it looks like it's got lots of interesting stuff. phil's new cd entitled "testify" was released on november 12, 2002. he also contributed five songs to disney's newest animated feature "brother bear", which was released in october/november 2003. he will also be touring in 2004, so look for him in a venue near you!
peter gabriel - here's the official site for all things related to pg. peter's new cd entitled "up" was released on september 24, 2002, and it was well worth the wait. (10 years in the making!) his tour is over now. i went to his concerts at the anaheim pond on december 10, 2002 and the staples center on december 11, 2002. go here for the reviews. peter played a second leg of his tour, playing venues smaller than on his first swing around. he played the verizon wireless ampitheatre in irvine on june 8, 2003. go here for the review. recently released are "hits", a greatest hits collection on cd, and a dvd of his "growing up live" tour.
mark knopfler - the lead singer, founding member and driving force behind dire straits, he composes scores as well, including the beautiful soundtrack to "the princess bride". his new cd entitled "the ragpicker's dream" was released on october 1, 2002. unfortunately, because of a car accident, his tour has been cancelled.
sting - life after the police. sting will be touring in 2004 to support his recent cd release, "sacred love", playing the pantages theatre in los angeles in february 2004. i've got my ticket!
 

for your additional listening pleasure
the mark and brian show - what the hell? what do you listen to on your drive to work in the morning? they've been in the l.a. market for longer than brian would like to admit, and mark is trying to deal with having a son in high school. maybe they'll spend some time playing with the sounds their microphones make. maybe they'll just play with the echo chamber as sometimes-i-have-a-boyfriend-and-sometimes-i-don't kelly looks on in amusement that people actually get paid for doing that. maybe preva will give them attitude. maybe frank will pick bumper music that they actually know. win prizes by playing "we've got your answer hanging" or "i want a crack at that". call up and let them listen to your pet eat. but what happened to "mary worth"?
frosty, heidi and frank on 97.1 fm talk - frosty and frank were previously on star 98.7 with a third partner (jamie moved on to the jamie and danny show, which is now the jamie, jack and stench show), but they've moved to 97.1 and taken former newsgirl heidi with them. the "triplets" are fun to listen to: heidi now gets to talk all she wants, frosty has mellowed out and loosened up a bit, and frank...well, frank is still the guy. now if frosty and frank can just keep from killing each other on air, that'll work. poor heidi! and now that frank has discovered that he's a daddy, will he be any different?
kfi radio - lots of interesting people to listen to during the day. i used to like bill handel, but then i got tired of him. dr. laura is fun, john and ken are back, phil hendrie is sometimes funny, sometimes uninteresting, karel has a saturday and sunday show now (sans andrew due to andrew's tragic death), and wayne resnick is still there, though only on saturday afternoons.
 

for your dining pleasure
for cindy's reviews of various restaurants at the disneyland resort in california, go here. 
for cindy's reviews of various non-disney restaurants, go here.
 
for yet more restaurant reviews, check out the "restaurants" label from my blog.
 
yes, we have favorite restaurants, but if we list them, then more people will know about them, and that means it'll end up being a longer wait for us the next time we go, so we haven't decided if/when we're going to fill in this section yet...
actual restaurants to be added soon (soon being a relative term, of course)!
 

games
basic fun - you've seen them around, at target, at toys r us, at the game keeper, at smaller retail shops. these are the miniature versions of cool toys we all remember from our childhood. here are just a few of our favorites:
bop it extreme - this actually works just like the real version, only in a travel size. [this has disappeared off their website for some reason.]
connect four, candyland, hungry hungry hippos, sorry - connect four really works, and the others are very detailed.
operation, twister, trouble, barrel of monkeys - operation really works (and buzzes you if you touch the sides), twister works as well, trouble has the pop-o-matic (not to be used for gambling, though), and barrel of monkeys is just that.
boggle, yahtzee, perfection, don't break the ice - all are completely working versions. perfection is awesome.
here are the newest releases. more games to look for!
 

that's what friends are for
pellapusher - this is a fan site dedicated to all things rockapella created by two friends of ours, angela and sherry, who is also an "honorary" member of the band. ;) rockapella is an a capella group whom you've probably heard even if you're not familiar with their name. if you're a fan of the syndicated mark and brian radio show, rockapella does the jingle for m&b tv. rockapella are also the people you hear on those heart-warming folger's commercials. angela and sherry love to jet to various locations to listen to rockapella perform. i actually managed to make it to a local show last year and had a great time. i'll be seeing them again this december. sherry's trying to get me hooked, but she's not a pusher for nothing...
pellapusher blog - this is sherry's new blog. if you read long enough, everything will start to make sense. or not...
robert - this is a personal website by our friend robert. read more about him and his july 17 disneyland trip.
 

internet email humour
how to wrap a christmas present - an instruction guide for cat owners.
instructions for giving your cat a pill - fairly self-descriptive, don't you think?
cat thoughts - more kitty fun.
cat's new year's resolutions - so many of these ring so true, don't they?
car problems vs. computer problems - general motors vs. bill gates. who do you think wins?
the college theme paper: he vs. she - men and women as co-authors - an experiment gone awry.
 

just for fun
home by the sea - i have been officially assimilated. there were things that didn't seem to fit in anywhere on this site, so a blog made much more sense. however, if i ever even hint at wanting to do a podcast, threaten to ban me from catal and napa rose for life. that should knock some sense back into me.
many people have heard of a "hidden mickey". but whoever heard of a hidden goofy? well, we've got one at home.
orkid - our new kitty - our four-legged, furry cutie!
all breed rescue - this is the organization through which we adopted orkid. the organization is based in perris, ca, but their home adoption location is the petsmart in covina. here is a list, with pictures, of the animals they are currently trying to adopt out, so if you're looking for a cat or dog, check them out. you can also go to the main petfinder page to look for animals to adopt in your area through local organizations.
a kitten a day - it's like a perpetual calendar with a new kitten picture every day!
dinner or nap? - this poor little baby kitty just couldn't decide, so it was decided for him or her. i have no idea where this picture originates from, but i thought it was so incredibly adorable.
is there a kitty football league? - what happens when you have --- 1) nothing to do; 2) a sharp knife; 3) a large lime; 4) a patient cat; and 5) too much tequila? ... no, i have no idea where this picture originates from.
funny cats video - you may have seen this because it has apparently been floating around. i received it from three different people over the course of two weeks. but after you've seen it, you'll understand why. whether or not you're a cat lover, you'll love this collection of feline "bloopers".
get out of my dog bed, you stupid cat! - a friend forwarded this me, and i just love the stubborness of the little kitty. ;)
something's wrong with the printer - yet another great video for cat lovers.
video of cat trained to eat with a fork - a friend sent this link to me. ok, my first thought was, why would i want to train orkid to use a fork? it's just something else i have to wash! besides, she only gets dry food, so a fork wouldn't work. and then i watched the video. and i think this woman is crazy, and she needs more to do in her life. to me, it just shows how empty she feels her life is. she obviously took a lot of time to train the cat to do that. i can just see how much good she could do if she channeled that energy into teaching people who have to re-learn using their hands and things.
play with the cute black kitty - i ended up getting this link sent to me by three different people. here's what she can do: if you put the mouse pointer on her chest or stomach she will purr, and if you put the mouse pointer on her forehead, she will meow. if you make a slow circle around her body, not only will her head/eyes follow your pointer, but toward the top, her paw will go up, and when in front of her paws at the bottom, her foot comes out like she wants to play with your mouse pointer. (don't hold the mouse down, just move it.)
a cat story, from jms - someone on a discussion board that i read posted this link. this is a story told by joe michael straczynski, probably best known as creator of babylon 5. and yes, it has a happy ending. update: further information can be found at this link. pictures of buddy can be found here.
kettle for sale - with a surprise - a friend forwarded this picture to me. something to keep in mind for those of you who offer up items on ebay...
cindy's rants - you knew this page had to exist, didn't you?
opus the penguin - remember "bloom county" and all of its characters, including the lovable opus the penguin? well, he's back, with the first strip having run on november 23, 2003. it's running as a sunday-only full-color strip. you can also get more information about the bloom county gang and other tidbits about its creator berkeley breathed at the official website. it's great to have opus back, and with the first strip starting off as it did, it'll be great to see what more is to come.
etiquette hell - stories, stories and more stories. they're fun to read, mostly because they're not happening to you. you can even submit your own story. and now, you can order the book inspired by the site: bridezilla - true tales from etiquette hell. the update is done! lots of new stories to amuse and astonish you!
the amc pages - everything about "all my children" - daily updates, background information, casting news, spoilers, everything!
farrell's ice cream parlour - remember these great places from way back when? well, they seem to be making a comeback. along with the mira mesa/san diego county location, another location was recently opened in santa clarita at the mountasia family fun center. there's roger baker's unofficial site which has lots of information about the history of farrell's and information and pictures from the mira mesa and santa clarita locations. there's also the official site, which announces that a location will be opening up in orange county at the block in orange in summer of 2003. update:  the opening of farrell's has been pushed back to november 2003, and it will be located inside the power house. november 2003 update: the opening of farrell's at the block has been pushed back, possibly to 2004. more info as it comes along.  we've been to both the mira mesa and santa clarita locations and enjoyed both, so we're looking forward to the new location in orange. for the review of the now-closed temecula location, please click here. for the review of the santa clarita location, please click here.
las vegas - april 2002 trip report - read about all the fun we had on our now-annual trip. includes information about the bellagio's weekend champagne brunch, the flamingo las vegas garden area, the caravan coffee shop at the sahara, the fao schwartz at the caesar's forum shops, the luxor, the blue man group show, the luxor's 24-hour restaurant called pyramid cafe and the star trek section of the hilton.
las vegas - march 2003 trip report - our third year of the trip was even more fun! includes information about the weekend champagne brunch at the spice market buffet at the aladdin, the carson street cafe, which is the coffee shop at the golden nugget, a caution about desert inn road, the paris hotel and casino, its coffee shop called le cafe ile st. louis, and the eiffel tower experience, quark's, which is the star trek themed restaurant at the hilton, the hilton's spacequest casino area, the adventuredome theme park at circus, circus, raffles cafe at mandalay bay, "mamma mia" at the mandalay bay theatre, and the sherwood forest cafe at excalibur. yes, this trip turned into the coffee shop tour.
las vegas monorail - august 28, 2004 - my first experience on the las vegas monorail includes information about station stops, hours, ticket media, and a particularly special monorail.
orange international street fair - september 2, 2006 - our visit to the orange international street fair included food, fun and shopping.
solvang - need a weekend getaway or just a day trip? solvang (north of santa barbara) is a terrific small town, and there are lots of bakeries. mmmmm. christmas time is the best, especially during their hometown christmas parade.
poke the penguin - the penguin has more than one reaction...
m&ms game - 50 dark movies, hidden in a painting - wanna play a fun, movie-related game? find out more info!
 
yes, we're always working on it.
last updated august 16, 2015.
send a comment
 



