


expert guard dog training & boarding centre in australia







































home
about us
contact us
dog training
dogs for sale
dog boarding
dog grooming
dog accessories
faq about dogs
virtual tours
job opportunities
links of interest
prices - booking



pickup and deliveryfor cats and dogs.we can pickup your dog for dog training and/or boarding and then return the dog to anywhere in the world.
 
dogs for sale
shepherd sale
rottweiler sale
doberman sale
belgian malinois sale
family dogs for sale
puppies for sale
other breeds
 
 








         








guard dog training & boarding
at the guard dog training centre, we specialize in training dogs for a wide range of purposes, ensuring they become more manageable, responsive, and better trained in everyday situations. as one of australia's leading guard dog training facilities, we are proud of our long-standing record of excellence.our comprehensive training programs are designed to unlock your dog's full potential, whether for obedience, protection, or specialized tasks. when you pick up your dog, you'll receive detailed guidance on their new skills, including the correct hand signals and verbal commands, ensuring a smooth transition and continued success at home.


















































































image slider






prices
training or boarding




new
puppy preschool program
 
we now have our ownbrand ofpremium dry foodfeed your dogs what we feed ours!!!special offer4 kg for $30delivered to your door(conditions apply)




"established in 1982, we have been proudly servicing clients for over 40 years"
 
guard dog training centre facility tour - watch video
indoor dog boarding facility - watch video




 


the guard dog training centre
setting the global gold standard












like us on facebook! regular updates and specials available for becoming a fan of our facebook pages.







click to listen to what the guard dog training centre sydney does and what you, the owner should expect from a properly trained dog. (800kb)







click to view video of our 5 star dog training and dog boarding paradise complete with a la carte feeding, acres of dog training grounds and dog exercise yards, dog swimming lake plus 24/7 security monitoring but yet very affordable prices. (6mb, broadband)







film producers, tv and commercial producers welcome. the guard dog training centre can teach any dog a new trick. the guard dog training centre dogs have starred in movies such as fire of love (feroz khan) and tv programs such as national geographic, entertainment tonight, wonder world, arena television, quantum, current affair. (2mb, broadband)
 
our guard dogs were used in the australian feature film the pack.
watch trailer and visit imdb to read all about the film.







click to view virtual tours of our sydney based dog training grounds, dog boarding kennels, dog exercise area, office, showroom and dog grooming facilities.







click to view the photo gallery of our sydney based dog training grounds, dog boarding kennels, dog exercise area, office, showroom and dog grooming facilities.







the guard dog training centre welcomes national and international group bookings, buses welcome. click to view the recent japanese visitors photo gallery.











view the video of ricky lee(nova 96.9fm)on a day out at theguard dog training centre






fred & luana osmani were invited as v.i.p. guests to the launch of
the world dog games – centennial park, sydney, wednesday 24 june 2009 hosted by grant denyer from channel seven.  many celebrities were in attendance with their dogs including jimmy barnes, sam neil, diesel, ruby rose, denise drysdale and many more.  pictured above is fred, luana & lu lu speaking with "the dog whisperer" cesar millan who was also a special guest speaker to launch the world dog games.
 
located on the outskirts of sydney, australia, the guard dog training centre has been established for over 40 years. the guard dog training centre has an international reputation for excellence in training dogs.
 
since our inception over three decades ago, we've become internationally recognised for our excellence in training dogs of all breeds. at the guard dog training centre, we specialise in dog obedience and agility training, man stopper training, personal protection training and attack dog training. rest assured, we never use harsh methods to train your working dog or loyal companion.
 
though we're well-known for guard dog training in sydney, we also offer:
 

overseas dog transportation to and from almost anywhere in australia
affordable, comfortable and supervised dog boarding facilities
24-hour, well-equipped resident vet facilities
professional grooming and microchipping services

 
we guarantee to train your dog to the very best of its abilities, and all dogs under our supervision receive top-quality care from pet-loving professionals at our modern, well-maintained and purpose-built facility.
 
settling for nothing but the very best for your dog
 
thanks to our wealth of experience with all breeds of dog, we've perfected humane methods of dog training in sydney that guarantee results. we also sell dogs already trained in niche fields such as personal protection. however, our reputation is built on more than just our proven expertise in training.
 
at our boarding house, our grooming services and around-the-clock vet facilities ensure your dog receives exceptional care, and we keep dogs healthy and happy with nutritious and delicious meals. in fact, we recently released our own brand of premium dry dog food.
 
when transporting dogs abroad or to a different state, safety and reliability are of paramount importance. we offer a pickup and delivery service in adelaide, brisbane, melbourne and sydney. so, regardless of your location, call the professionals at the guard dog training centre to secure peace of mind that your dog is in safe hands.


get in touch with the guard dog training centre in sydney
 
the guard dog training centre pty ltd, is open monday to saturday from 8:30am to 4:30pm and sunday 8.30am to 10.30am. visit us at 95 sixth roadberkshire park, nsw 2765, sydney, australia.take the scenic rural  drive off the m7 motorway, richmond road exit and see for yourself why we refer to our facilities as a dog's paradise.
 
 
all the services we provide are ahead of the game, from our innovative and humane training methods to our boarding house menus and resident vet facilities. if you have any questions or want to discuss specialised dog training in sydney, call us toll-free from within australia on 1300 309 409or on +61-2-4572-5338 from abroad.
 
job opportunitiesfor job opportunities at the guard dog training centre sydney, please go to our job opportunities page for all the information.
 
we can arrange transport for your dogs from anywhere, such as brisbane, melbourne, perth, adelaide, usa
 
our services
the importance of proper training programs cannot be understated. in australia, there are specific requirements for guard dog training depending on the intended use of the dog. attack dogs, guard dogs, and security dogs in australia all have their own set of requirements regarding training. training programs help dogs, owners, and handlers meet their specific needs.our services include guard dog and boarding training, as well as pick-up and/or drop-off delivery. if you wish, you may opt for a training services package, or, if your dog has already undergone boarding, you may wish to only have them participate in the guard dog training.
 
guard dog training
our guard dog training facility is located in nsw. here we train dogs in a variety of disciplines, including obedience, personal protection, attack dog, and man stopper training.obedience training is at the centre of all our training programs. in our humble opinion, any dog regardless of age, size, or breed can become a guard dog with proper training. the obedience training teaches your dog how to listen and respond to basic commands such as sit, stay, and come. obedience training lays the foundation for more advanced training. once your dog is taught to be controlled in any situation, they will be ready for the guard dog training course.protection training focuses on teaching your dog how to defend your family but it is not only limited to this. in short, we can train your dog to protect pretty much anything. this training includes techniques for identifying threats, defensive manoeuvres, and controlled aggression. after our training course(s), you will have a dog on guard that can protect you without becoming overly aggressive or dangerous.attack dog training prepares dogs to take down intruders or attackers on command. to be trained for protection or attack, the dog must have the right temperament. a temperament test can determine this, and we can perform the test at our facility.man stopper training is the most advanced level of training we offer. it teaches your dog to act decisively in threatening situations and is for professional use only. this program demands extensive training and experience for both dog and handler as it teaches dogs to restrain and control a threat effectively in high-risk situations.explore more of our guard dog training services and courses by visiting our training page.
 
guard dog boarding
boarding is more than just a place for your dog to stay. our boarding services are an extension of our training programs, so we do not simply lock your dog away and isolate them, we keep them comfortable and safe. when your dog is boarding with us, our trainers can continue working with your dog outside of formal training sessions, resulting in positive reinforcement that leads to fast and consistent progress. boarding is also an opportunity for your dog to socialise and interact with other well-behaved canines in training. after all, even guard dogs must learn how to play nice with other dogs.the australian-owned and operated guard dog training centre also offers dog grooming services that include on-site or mobile grooming, micro-chipping and animal care.
 
pickup and delivery
we can pickup your dog for dog training and/or boarding and then return the dog to anywhere in the world.
 
 
faqs
 
what qualifications do your trainers hold?
in order to become a qualified dog trainer, you need to either complete a certificate iii in dog behaviour and training or a certificate iv in companion animal services.the osmani family have been training dogs all their lives and have an international reputation due to their proficiency in dog training. their reputation has taken them to places like belgium, france, and germany, where they successfully trained schutzen 3, fbi, and ipo dogs.
 
do you offer pick-up and delivery services for guard dog training?
yes! we can pick your dog up for training where everything they need for the duration of their stay will be provided for them. once training is completed, we can return your dog to you. our delivery services are vast and reliable, we can transport your dog anywhere in the world!
 
how long does it take to train a dog to be a guard dog?
it takes 8 days for our obedience course, which is followed by the guard dog training. it takes about 2 weeks for your dog to finish both courses. each course is roughly 8 days.
 
how much does it cost to train a guard dog?
our  training courses start at $690.00 (plus boarding). check more options here.please note that while the price we state is the price you pay, prices are subject to change. this only means that the price you see today may not be the same price you see if you make a booking in the future.
 
is boarding included in the training program?
for both the obedience training course and the protection and guarding course boarding is not included. however, the temperament test does include boarding.
 
what types of issues can guard dog training address?
our guard dog training can address issues such as obedience problems, aggression, anxiety, excessive barking, and specific protection needs. whether your dog needs basic obedience training or advanced protection skills, our training courses address these issues and problem behaviours effectively. by the end of the training, your dog will be a reliable and well-behaved guard dog. 


vet on site daily as required
 


contact information
 
telephone toll free within australia1300 309 409 
international telephone:+61-2-4572 5338
 
email: info@guarddogtraining.com.au
 
current time in sydney
 

would you like to adopt or surrender a pet?animal adoption agency in sydney
 
 
cut the costs of vet care! www.petinsuranceaustralia.com.au
 
home | sitemap | contact us
 
webdesign
 







