         
	 barnett international - leaders in clinical research training
 


insights

contact
checkout 0






















                    what we do
                    
                


training courses


core curriculum


interactive web seminars


on-boarding programs


on-demand elearning


training portal subscription


web seminar archives


on-site training


training strategy consulting


publications



who we are
who we serve










  
  


clinical research training & professional developmentadvance your career with accredited, industry-leading training


explore our catalog ▼
        

   

upcoming course schedulebarnett's clinical research training offers comprehensive programs covering key topics through case studies, simulations, and real-life analyses. access our global curriculum virtually, through self-paced modules, or in-person.
download catalog ▼learn more ▶training strategy consultingcollaborate with barnett’s training strategy experts to develop comprehensive curriculum plans that align with your company's clinical research training goals. from needs assessment and gap analysis to ensuring regulatory compliance, we provide you with cost-effective, tailored training solutions and strategy.
learn more ▶training portal subscriptiongain on-demand access to courses across key clinical research topic areas. subscribe individually or as a team for benefits such as gcp certification, access to the ich gcp q&a guide ebook, and exclusive discounts on live training.
download flyer ▼learn more ▶publicationsstay ahead of important new developments in the clinical research industry with barnett's publication offerings. explore our catalog for reference manuals, industry trends and reports, and job aids to stay up-to-date on clinical trial trends and best practices.
view library ▶
   

program spotlight30-hour clinical research auditing certification programthis hands-on clinical research auditing course provides a step-by-step approach to the job responsibilities of the clinical quality assurance auditor for drug, biologic, and device clinical trials. case studies and industry examples requiring active learner engagement are presented to emphasize the types of audits, quality systems and risk-based techniques for auditing and how to apply concepts directly. the course covers a range of auditing techniques that are grounded in the alignment with regulatory requirements and the expectations of regulatory inspectors.



over the past 10 years . . .


trainer spotlightdonna w. dorozinsky, r.n., m.s.n., c.c.r.c.ms. dorozinsky has over 25 years of experience in study operations that includes clinical operations, safety, data management, biostatistics, clinical supply management, and tmf management. she spent 15 years at smithkline beecham in early development and in 2005 founded dwd & associates, inc., which has most recently became just in time gcp. she has led the implementation of esource and electronic trial master file solutions, and has expertise in clinical validation of these systems. she recently served as chair of the revisions to zone 4 of the tmf reference model. donna has presented numerous training programs in topics of gcp compliance, quality management systems, and tmf management and is a dynamic educator. donna is also the editor-in-chief of barnett’s good clinical practice: a question & answer reference guide.



frequently asked questionscore curriculumcan i obtain ceu by attending a barnett course?program participants will receive continuing education units (ceus) as indicated on each course description page for full participation (complete sign-in sheet, pre- and post-test, and evaluation form). barnett must receive all completed documentation within 30 days of program completion or ceus will not be issued. barnett international will issue a receipt of completion
web seminarwhat is an interactive web seminar?barnett international teams with webex™ meeting services to provide you with interactive web seminars. ask questions, chat, learn from industry leaders, and network with your fellow attendees all from the convenience of your own office. no travel, no travel expenses, and no time away from the office! the resources required are already at your fingertips – an internet connection and a phone.
training portal subscriptionhow does the training portal subscription work?once you decide on the registration approach you will take, barnett will provide a spreadsheet containing all available courses. select the courses you would like included in your subscription and return the spreadsheet to barnett. upon receipt of your course selections, you will receive your login credentials to barnett’s learning management system (lms) within three business days.



since 1979, barnett international has set the standard as leaders in clinical research training for: clinical research associatesclinical research coordinators principal investigators clinical project managers clinical data managersclinical operations personnelregulatory affairsgcp auditorsclinical quality assurance and other key clinical research roles


excellence through continuous learning 



barnett partners



   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   

stay connected with us


#barnett






250 first avenue, suite 300, needham, ma 02494e: customer.service@barnettinternational.comp: 800.856.2556p: +1 781.972.5400
            



about barnett
course catalog
accreditation, policies and procedures


careers
faqs
instructor biographies
privacy policy







    