

trail camera + trail camera building + game camera + trail cameras + camera trap






















 









trail camera, game camera, deer camera, digital trail cam, hunting camera, camera trap

"see what you've been missing!"



 



 home


products


instructions/tech info


trail camera pictures


contact


links



welcome to snapshot sniper.









save yourself hours of scouting in the field this hunting season with 
your very own home made game cameras.  with our motion sensor boards, 
you will have the advantage when scouting your deer hunting area.  with 
the use of a technologically advanced motion detection system to trigger
 the game cam, you can monitor trail activity night and day.  by 
positioning the deer camera near a trail, feeder, stand, or water, you 
will know what different types of animals are visiting these hunting 
areas.  the game cameras also will capture the date and time of the 
event so you will know exactly when the activity is taking place on the 
trail in your area to improve your hunting.

when using the game cameras near a feeding area, you will not only 
determine when animals feed.  when monitoring a trail, feeding area, or 
watering area with this game camera system, you can help plot the daily 
movements of the deer and other animals as well as selecting possible 
hunting sites near a trail, food or water.  some have used trail cameras
 to find the bedding areas that deer use to help determine where to 
place their stand.  for us, the main benifit has been finding nice bucks
 in an area where we previously thought there were only small deer.  the
 areas wouldn't have been hunted if we hadn't  captured pictures of the 
nice deer that we didn't know were there.  whether you are new to deer 
hunting, or have been deer hunting for years, you will have the 
confidence that you aren't wasting your time, by knowing what deer are 
in your hunting area using our game camera system. 





gonna build your own game camera?  



check out our homebrew products
and the great sites listed below for building your own homemade trail cameras! 



we would like to thank the guys at

rdhc  and  
hag's house
. 





most of all we 
want to thank god.  without him, this as well as anything else would 
not be possible.

 

amazing 
"unicorn" buck! 
captured 
by a snapshot sniper trail camera.
click 
here for game camera pictures and story.
before 





and after!




new!
game camera pictures from the 
amazon!
click 
here for game camera pictures.
















cheap e juice
e liquid


e liquid manufacturers

