


teeth whitening tips






















    
	teeth whitening tips
	
  
tooth whitening tips








sunday, may 14, 2006




this site is sponsored by: perfectlywhite.comto get this report in full please e-mail teethwhitetips@getresponse.commost whitening procedures use hydrogen peroxide (the same chemical used to bleach hair), or carbamide peroxide to lighten stains and brighten the natural colouring of your teeth. in general, the quicker the method of bleaching (as little as one hour) the more expensive it is. less costly methods of tooth whitening can sometimes take weeks to work. after treatment the whiteness can last for years, but this does depend on your lifestyle. eating and drinking foods that stain tooth enamel will speed up the decline more quickly. however, regularly using whitening toothpaste, which has a very small concentration of peroxide in it, will help keep teeth brighter for longer.teeth whitening methods – in brieflaser bleaching “i'll be the first to admit, dental office teeth whitening has come a long way in the past 10 years. now, the most popular teeth whitening dental office procedure known as laser bleaching is a much shorter process. basically this teeth whitening procedure consists of the application of a concentrated peroxide gel onto your teeth, then for the next hour you sit in a dental chair with your mouth wide open, while a special light (usually argon) is shined onto the teeth whitening paste that in turn chemically reacts with the peroxide to complete the teeth whitening process in as short a time period as possible. this teeth whitening procedure does work. although, many dentists say that you get a whiter smile by repeated tray applications because the teeth whitening peroxide stays in contact with your teeth for longer periods of time. the downside is that you still get stuck with that fat $500 - $1,000 bill. and you still need to either come back 6 months later for another teeth whitening or you're given some take home whitening items!”britesmile a leading accelerated technique is $500-$600 for a one-hour treatment. it involves gas-plasma light technology developed by a nasa scientist. a gel with 15% hydrogen peroxide is applied and then activated by light during three 20 minute sessions. a quote from britesmile:"good oral hygiene and regular professional care will help maintain the britesmile results for about two years"dentist supervised treatmentsthese are generally just as effective as well as being slightly cheaper. they start from $300, but you have to watch out as some dentists will charge up to $650 for these! the dentist takes an impression of your teeth, and subsequently makes a flexible plastic mould which has a thin space for the whitening fluid. you can either wear this overnight, or wear from one to two hours a day for two weeks. don’t choose the overnight system if you are a light sleeper! the amount of carbamide peroxide in the gel can vary from 5% to 30%. for example, colgate's overnight system uses 10% which is a fairly low concentration. high peroxide levels are obviously more effective but can irritate gums and make teeth feel sensitive.visit teeth whitening express for detailsover the counterthe food and drug administration prohibits products sold in drugstores from having a concentration higher than 3% for hydrogen peroxide and 10% for carbamide peroxide. i will give you a few examples of the most successful brands available.rembrandt plus superior bleaching system, $32.50: two plastic ‘comfort-fit mouthguards’. wear them for 20 to 30 minutes twice a day and according to the packaging, “expect results within a week”. i would personally advise that like all over the counter methods it may take more time and effort than this due to the imprecise fit of the mouth trays.crest whitestrips, $44: the thin strips are inexpensive and easy to use, but they do require a fair amount of discipline and patience. you peel them off a plastic backing and stick them on your teeth for 30 minutes, twice a day. however, they only have 5% hydrogen peroxide and therefore take 28 days to show results.whitening toothpastes: let me just start off by saying that these have many drawbacks, particularly as they take a very long time to show any real results. like many cosmetic products nowadays, many claims made are misleading. for example, the success of whitening toothpaste is directly related to how long and often you brush your teeth for. but, over brushing your teeth can cause the loss of tooth enamel and this can’t be replaced. they are a much more effective product once laser treatment or moulds have been used, in order to prevent discolouration.



posted by teethwhitetips @ 5:59 pm
0 comments









	 
	 product offers! deals !
	 
    






posted by teethwhitetips @ 4:07 pm
0 comments






thursday, may 11, 2006



	 
	 listinferno - review
	 
    


product review of listinferno concept: adds thousands of 100% opt-in leads to your listoverall rating: 5 out of 5ease of use: 5 out of 5effectiveness: 5 out of 5recommendation: use immediately - major list building toolprice: freeanyone successful on the internet tells you the gold is in your list. but what if you can't get that list? what if you're struggling to get just 100 subscribers a week? now there's a better solution, that enables anyone to add thousands of 100% opt-in subscribers to their list, with very little effort.technical emarketer steve shaw, the guy behind this tool, says that listinferno has been designed to "give everyone and anyone the ability to create their own big valuable opt-in list ... this system has been designed to add thousands of opt-in leads to your list for the bare minimum of effort - and it's all 100% free".so, does it live up to the hype?when i first took a look at this tool, i thought, "well, there are some systems similar to this one on the net... what makes this one so special?" then, when i signed up and followed the process in the setup wizard, the answer was easy to see. there are some subtle differences in this tool that make it really stand out. and i'd be willing to bet that these differences may well make this the most viral list building tool yet seen online. it's important to realize, that rather than bringing you huge amounts of traffic, this tool brings you what anyone wanting to make money online needs even more - quality targetted 100% opt-in leads for your list.this new free tool could well be the easiest, cheapest and fastest way to build your list yet developed. in fact, by jumping on board with this as soon as possible, you could gain a strong advantage over your competitors. and if they are already signed up, that's even more reasonnot to waste any more time. after all, the one with the biggest list usually wins, and makes the most money.definitely ride the wave on this:http://www.listinferno.com/?i=10169&c=a1listen, i've tried this out myself - it's so easy and so effective, it would be pretty dumb not to use it immediately. anything that can give you free subscribers for virtually zero effort is worth a try - and this system can give you lots of those.bottom line: this is probably the most effective list building system we have ever encountered - and quite possibly there will never be anything like this again. we mean that. we just hope it stays free... you should get it now while it still is.http://www.listinferno.com/?i=10169&c=a1



posted by teethwhitetips @ 11:49 am
0 comments






wednesday, may 10, 2006



	 
	 deals of the week!
	 
    






posted by teethwhitetips @ 4:54 pm
0 comments










about me

name:  teethwhitetips 

view my complete profile




















links

cosmetic dentistry
teeth whitening express offers
tooth whitening kits
tooth whitening deals



previous posts

this site is sponsored by: perfectlywhite.comto ge...
product offers! deals !
listinferno - review
deals of the week!

archives

may 2006


bestbuy discount


searchmonster web directoryadd your url free, boost your web site's traffic & rankings
