






pride products | pet care specialists

































skip to content



 



pride products
pet and animal specialists








    menu	
about us
privacy policy
terms of service
site map

  scroll down to content








posts





posted on july 21, 2017may 28, 2021how to prevent dog ear infections: a quick guide 

did you know your dog can understand everything you say with their special ears?
dogs are beautiful and loyal creatures. they are considered man’s best friend for a wide range of reasons, and when you have a dog as part of your family, chances are you are a much happier person. however, just like their human counterparts, dogs can have all kinds of issues. one common complaint of dogs is their ears. it is quite common for our furry friends to get ear infections from time to time. you may even find that your dog is one of the unlucky ones that gets ear infections on a regular basis. unfortunately, that can be common, too. the good news is, there are certain things you can do to help ease the pain associated with dog ear infections and better than that, there are things you can do to help prevent ear infections from even happening. continue reading for helpful tips you can use to help prevent dog ear infections.
one thing you can do is clean your dog’s ears on a regular basis. as a general rule, you should clean his or her ears at least once a month. however, if your pup is prone to ear infections, cleaning them out more often may be necessary. some dogs are more prone to infections in the ears, and if your dog has long floppy ears, this may be the case with them.

as you clean the ears of your dog, there are some things that can be quite helpful. start by using an ear wash that is made for cleaning dog’s ears. you can purchase one or make your own. then, put the wash into the dog’s ears and allow it to sit for a few minutes. after that, massage under your furry friend’s ears. go down and back to help get things moving in that area. you can then start to clean his or her ears. it is important to use gauze to do this as paper towels, or other materials, may further irritate the area. also, cotton swabs should not be used in the ear canal as instead of cleaning the area; they are more apt to push the debris deeper into the ear. cotton swabs are good for cleaning in the flaps and folds.
another thing you can do is inspect your pup’s ears with a otoscope on a regular basis. when looking into his ears, you are looking to see if there is any visible dirt or debris, scratches, discharge or parasites. should any of this be visible, you will want to clean the ears or make an appointment with the vet depending on the severity of the situation.
if recurrent ear infections are an issue, you want to keep your dog’s ears as dry as possible. otherwise, you risk constant ear issues. you should also avoid using drying agents, like swim-ear, in your dog’s ears too often. they can make the ears too dry and lead to ear infections or other issues.
there are several things you can do to help keep your dog’s ears as healthy and infection-free as possible. by taking these precautions, you should find that you are not dealing with ear infections as often or possibly not at all. however, if your efforts are not helping your dog and his ear infections, and over the counter products from pet care companies don’t help, you will want to consult with a vet. there are many different things that can cause dog ear infections. a medical professional can give your dog a thorough exam to learn more about the issues he may be having and may recommend a different course of action. keeping your dog healthy and happy should be your top priority.




posted on july 21, 2017all animals have ears that hear but only dogs understand 

have you ever wondered why it is that dogs seem to really hear what we have to say? this is not a coincidence. in fact, in the recent national geographic article titled “why are dogs so friendly?“, nat geo goes into great details about why it is that dogs truly can hear and understand pretty much every word we say! it’s truly amazing! but if you’ve ever owned a dog, then you know first hand that this is and always has been the case. wondering what else dogs hear with those wonderful ears? stay tuned for next months article when we delve into that exact topic.









search for:


  search



recent posts


how to prevent dog ear infections: a quick guide


all animals have ears that hear but only dogs understand


recent commentsarchives

july 2017

categories

dogs

ear infection

ears

national geographic









		proudly powered by wordpress	



















































































































































































