












treeage software - make better decisions




































































































 














 skip to content









call us today! +1 413-458-0104|sales@treeage.com 

 



 












search for:















 


search for:








featurestreeage pro healthcaretreeage pro businesstp healthcare capabilitiescompare treeage pro with excel and rlatest featuresproductsbuy treeage pro healthcarebuy treeage pro businesstreeage pro license trade-inpick the right productlicensingsystem requirementslearn morelearn morehealthcare modeling for researchersvalue your legal casetreeage pro healthcare helpshare models on the webhazard functionssupportyour license & installersget supportcreate support ticketknowledge base/communityrenew your licenseapply renewal to licenseresourcesonline tutorialswebinarswhat’s new in tplatest featurestreeage pro healthcare helptreeage pro business helptreeage pro web helpbuild a legal modelarticlestrainingtraining optionstraining schedulefree legal trainingfree healthcare trainingintro he course materialsfree trialbuy now 


search for:








featurestreeage pro healthcaretreeage pro businesstp healthcare capabilitiescompare treeage pro with excel and rlatest featuresproductsbuy treeage pro healthcarebuy treeage pro businesstreeage pro license trade-inpick the right productlicensingsystem requirementslearn morelearn morehealthcare modeling for researchersvalue your legal casetreeage pro healthcare helpshare models on the webhazard functionssupportyour license & installersget supportcreate support ticketknowledge base/communityrenew your licenseapply renewal to licenseresourcesonline tutorialswebinarswhat’s new in tplatest featurestreeage pro healthcare helptreeage pro business helptreeage pro web helpbuild a legal modelarticlestrainingtraining optionstraining schedulefree legal trainingfree healthcare trainingintro he course materialsfree trialbuy now







search for:











 










homesimple admin2025-01-13t14:09:33-05:00




make decisions with confidence






visualize and analyze complex problems with treeage pro



treeage pro is the leading tool for building models:
decision trees, markov, partitioned survival & patient simulation.
treeage pro provides the analysis tools you need:
cost-effectiveness, sensitivity analysis,
monte carlo simulation and much more.
try treeage pro now for free!
treeage pro 2025 r1 is now available!
healthcare: markov model wizard,
markov survival plot & more!
business: legal model wizard &
model pdf summary


healthcare
    build markov, partsa and simulation models to 
	assess treatment strategies based on 
	cost-effectiveness analysis.
	learn more



           
physicians
          
researchers


legal
	compare legal strategies and assess risk by creating a decision tree model to analyze your case.
    learn more


business professionals
    examine complex business problems qualitatively and quantitatively through decision analysis.
    learn more
existing customersmake the most of your treeage pro software. download installers,
renew your license, get support, training and more.
we’re here to help.



resourcesexplore treeage pronew to treeage pro?
explore our products and features to see how treeage pro can help you build advanced decision models to analyze your decisions.
explore featuresteachers and studentsteach health economic modeling using treeage pro’s visual modeling and analysis tools, so students can focus on concepts & biology rather than formulas & coding.
teaching resources5
fantastic reasons to get started now…

start fast and quickly advance to achieve outcomes with efficiency.

visually map out your decision and event pathways.

create powerful models of unlimited complexity.

easily analyze your model and share outputs with others.

validate your model for greater accuracy and confidence.

ease of use
“easy to use, menu driven. does not require a very steep learning curve. menu driven options and manuals make it easy.”
us hospital-based clinician

“shows a clear diagram of a cost benefit analysis of health care options to fully digest costs indirect and direct.”
clinical researcher, healthcare government decision-maker

“treeage pro allows me to integrate counsel’s thinking about all of the many uncertainties involved in the case and to make sure that the client is given the most thorough and realistic evaluation of the risks they face.”
litigation attorney
purchase the right product to meet your modeling needsselect a licensetry treeage pro for free to see how it helps your decision-making


get a free trial



 
 





 

featureshealthcare features
business/law features
 

resourcessupport
training
about us
contact us
 

productsproducts
free trial
shop
 

 
 
 





		copyright 2020 treeage llc | all rights reserved.	


linkedintwitterfacebook
 
 
 
 


 
 





 





















































































