



mr. oxygen ed mccabe - natural health - natural detoxification - 
oxygenhealth.com


























  

  

  

  

  

  

  

 










 plus

our brand new 4 disc dvd set 

with even more advanced oxy-information!
ed mccabe's 1988 bestseller oxygen therapies, a new 
way of approaching disease sold over 250,000 copies by word of mouth 
and without a major publisher! he has also appeared on over 2,000 tv, radio, and 
lecture platforms. the people want what he has to say! now, after 22+ more years 
of intensive international researching, visiting clinics, lecturing to huge 
crowds, and interviewing thousands of successful oxy-therapy users, mr. 
oxygen , wrote it all down and taped it all for you and announces his 
brand new project, the best oxygen therapy book and dvd in history, the flood your body with oxygen.series.
 
                 

“disease can't live in oxygen" - free online video




part 1 problems: 
everybody gets sick eventually. here's why. in the process of creating all these 
conveniences and marketplace choices, we have made a lot of bad choices and let 
our daily air and water become polluted, and this pollution has increasingly 
been collecting inside us. also, our mass-produced processed foods are grown on 
mega-farm soils that are de-mineralized and also lacking natural oxygen. these 
two major conditions are chronically hampering our ability to get and absorb 
enough fresh oxygen inside us at the cellular level. this chronic low oxygen 
condition that we all have causes our cellular oxygen levels to drop so our 
blood becomes more and more polluted. dirty blood sets the stage for all the 
diseases. because we all have this condition, our health officials tell us it is 
'normal' to have dark brown-purplish blood. is it 'normal' that so many are 
sick? the increasing rates of viral infections and cancers are not by 
coincidence. the proof of this can easily be seen by looking at your own blood 
with specialized darkfield microscopes. you will be amazed what you find there. 
our too-low cell oxygen levels encourage toxic buildups and the growth of 
anaerobic (can't live in active oxygen) microbes such as bacteria, viruses, 
fungi, and other pathogens inside us and inside our animals and pets, and in our 
plants. anaerobes and toxicity slowly building up and overtaking us until we 
break down are the ultimate cause of most human, animal, and plant health 
problems as well as being the precursors to the whole list of 'incurable' 
diseases.


part 2 
  solutions: there are proven, safe, and effective 
  re-oxygenating and re-mineralizing techniques not presently taught in our 
  medical schools and they're not just simply breathing oxygen from a tank and 
  eating dirt. these little known (in our country) techniques have been used 
  safely and effectively on the international scene daily for over 50 years by 
  thousands of doctors. the international oxygen therapy doctors commonly 
  surround anaerobic microbes, viruses, bacteria and cancer cells with active 
  forms of oxygen they can't live in. this first oxidizes the offending toxins 
  and microbes and cells, and then flushes them out. flood your body 
  with oxygen lists and explores all known active oxygen 
  therapies, devices, and products and ranks their effectiveness. flood your 
  body with oxygen has plenty of photos and reveals how the doctors all over the 
  world use these active oxygen therapies, and offers consumer- patient and 
  physician-healer guidelines showing "what to watch out for".


part 
	  3 evidence: flood your body with oxygen lists piles of 
	  historical and modern studies proving active oxygen's effectiveness, 
	  showing its 50-year prolific use internationally, and revealing the top 
	  quality documentation proving its safety. lists of doctors, naturopaths, 
	  clinics, products, and contacts are included. flood your body 
	  with oxygen is written in a lively conversational style for 
	  everyone with a body. you, your doctor, the animal and plant owners, the 
	  farmers, and everybody else will be amazed at the simple profound and 
	  powerful results obtainable from these unpublicized professional 
	  techniques.

 
summary: 
the best place to find out how anaerobes cause all the anaerobic 
	  diseases! ed mccabe©, mr. oxygen®, 
	  is an international natural detoxification expert. he has taught natural 
	  healing and natural healing information for 22+ years while strongly 
	  advocating the best  natural healing options - nature's powerful 
	  active oxygen and plant minerals. natural health information was once hard 
	  to come by, but now mr. mccabe has popularized and evevated natural oxygen 
	  healing, and natural mineral healing using oxygen and plant mineral 
	  supplements, to an international medical and naturopathic art. he teaches 
	  the most advanced natural therapy modalities incorporating detoxification 
	  and  natural healing simply by focusing us on the best oxygen healing 
	  information available. his writings, books, lectures, videos, and dvds are 
	  the absolute cream and cutting edge of all available health information.


order now!

new flood book 4/13/10 isbn 978-0-9620527-5-0
$29.99 retail, 6 x 9 paperback, 640 pages
new flood dvd set isbn 978-0-9620527-3-6sbn: 0-9620527-2-8
4 disc dvd set $49.99


to order mr. 
mccabe's formulas, oxygen supplements, and/or related devices 
and to find 
out more about possible solutions - offsite link to:

individual results will always vary

if you came here looking for any of this...
pain, pain relief, natural health, natural health 
information, health information, health articles, alternative medicine, health 
newsletter, nutrition, health and nutrition, natural health information, health 
news, medical news, optimal wellness, liquid oxygen supplementation, natural detoxification, 
natural healing, natural healing information, natural health information, oxygen 
healing, health, diet, medical, oxygen, oxygen health, ozone, oxygen therapy, 
ozone therapy, oxygen therapies, ozone therapies,
oxylift, oxyearth, 
oxyflush, 
oxysulfur, 
oxyveg, oxymins, 
oxysil, seven crown jewels of health, 500+ oxygen medical 
references, ozone medical references, hydrogen peroxide, anaerobes, cancer, 
aids, disease, references, library, nih testimony, ed mccabe, mr. oxygen, oxygen 
books, oxygen dvd,  books, oxygen tapes, ozone tapes, ed mccabe biography, ed's poem, 
consciousness, cutting edge devices, supplements. ( all in the book and dvd in more 
detail! )

then you need the original home 
  page for

  “mr.oxygen”® ed mccabe©
coming! oxyveggietv.com





















