  oregon rally group |     homecalendarracingi want to racerallycrossroad rallystage rallyresultsmedia select page    the oregon rally groupsince 1996, we are the leading promoter of rally in oregon. whether you are looking for ultra-precise road rallies, the down-and-dirty fun of rallycross, or the fully committed racing of stage rally – we’ve got you covered. follow us on facebook come race with us!watch or participate – it’s always fun!we have events around the state and throughout the year. come watch, or, come race! it’s easier than you think to run your own car. see our calendar i want to racerallycrossthe best entry point to rally! drive around a grassy dirt field one or two at a time to set your personal best. skillfully drive through each marked gate on the course…but don’t hit any cones!road rallyroad rally is a brain game played out on a board the size of a county. it’s not about going fast…it’s about working with your navigator to hit checkpoints at just the right time.istage rallyreal roads.  real fast.  this is rally without limits; fully prepared cars running on closed roads. this is probably what you think about when you think of rally. it’s rally fast!resultstake a look at results from past events here.org news: may 4th-5th rallycross officially cancelledapr 23, 2019it's been a difficult decision, but we will be cancelling the may 4th-5th rallycross. the venue won't be dry enough by then to avoid another mudfest, and we'll instead be using our time to sort out a new venue for the rest of the season! we're sorry for the short... rallycross results for aprilapr 15, 2019attached are the results from our first event of 2019. sunday april 14th 2019 rallycross is cancelledapr 13, 2019due to the amount of standing water and mud at the venue we will be cancelling the rallycross tomorrow, 4/14/2019. sorry and we hope to see you next month for a dryer, faster, and more fun event! the 2019 rallycross season is here!feb 28, 2019april 13-14 – ridgefield, wa click here for more information!  get signed up on motorsportreg: msreg.com/shoebirth may 4-5 – ridgefield, wa 2018 rallycross season pointsnov 14, 20182018 rallycross season points« older entriesget org in your inboxnews, upcoming events, results - get it all emailed directly to you!success! first name  last name  email    subscribe       facebook © copyright 2019 oregon rally group | designed and powered by bosonhub           