


william & mary | home




























skip to main content






























toggle navigation








home


search jobs


job alerts


log in /create account


help










new users: click the search jobs link in the menu to search positions, or use the pre-defined search buttons below.

returning users: click log in, and enter your username and password this enables you to edit your application, apply to new jobs without re-entering your application information and review the status of positions for which you have applied.

tips for applicants: view answers to common application-related questions


 applicants who need a disability-related accommodation should contact askhr@wm.edu.




all jobs


faculty


staff


executive


adjunct faculty


hourly/temporary






















search jobs













about w&m















 benefits













 about the williamsburg area










equal opportunity employment
william & mary values diversity and invites applications from underrepresented groups who will enrich the research, teaching and service missions of the university. the university is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and encourages applications from women, minorities, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

visit the full eeo policy page or
read our discrimination, harassment, and retaliation policies

contact us:

visit our website: https://www.wm.edu/offices/uhr/





campus security and fire safety report
william & mary’s annual campus security and fire safety report is available on compliance & equity's website. three years’ worth of statistics are included for certain types of crimes that were reported to have occurred on campus, in or on off-campus building or property owned or controlled by the school or on public property within or immediately adjacent to the campus. you may request a paper copy at no expense by contacting the office of compliance & equity at 757-221-2743.
























© all rights reserved
















      to ensure the security of your data, you will be logged out due to inactivity in 3 minutes at
.
      any data not saved will be lost.
      click 'ok' to keep your session active.
    





