





civil liberties defense center | cldc

























































































































































 











skip to content

















  


search for:








homeabout aboutour accomplishmentscoalitions & partner organizationscases cases overviewclimate activist defensepolice & prison misconductanti-slappother casesvictories / accomplishmentsamicus briefsresources webinar libraryknow your rightsstate repressionresources for immigrants and alliesdigital securitylegal primersrequest a traininglegal observernews blog & press releasescldc in the newsget involved jobsvolunteersubscribe to our newslettereventsstorecontactdonatehomeabout aboutour accomplishmentscoalitions & partner organizationscases cases overviewclimate activist defensepolice & prison misconductanti-slappother casesvictories / accomplishmentsamicus briefsresources webinar libraryknow your rightsstate repressionresources for immigrants and alliesdigital securitylegal primersrequest a traininglegal observernews blog & press releasescldc in the newsget involved jobsvolunteersubscribe to our newslettereventsstorecontactdonate 









search for:




















homemarianne dugan2025-01-27t15:09:43-08:00 
🔥 we’re hiring a movement attorney! click for more details! 🔥
📣 we reopened summer law clerk applications!  📣
 
 loading...







resources for immigrants and allies 



cldc has made to those who work and support immigrant justice, we have developed a “know your rights & risks” toolkit and webinar. click here to check out all of our resources! 


resources for immigrants and allies











resources for activists 



know your rights, digital security, our webinar library and more! 


resources











our latest news 



press releases & publicity 


blogs and press
cldc in the news











support cldc today: 



help us defend more activists in 2023! 


donate











defending frontline activists for 20 years and counting 



sign up to receive updates! 









 











resources for immigrants and allies
as part of the commitment that cldc has made to those who work and support immigrant justice, we have created a page of assembled resources, including a “know your rights” toolkit and webinar video.
view resourceslatest news


be smart. be strategic. we’ve got your back.in the cldc kyrr trainings, one of the most important lessons we try to impart is that state repression originates from both formal government (agents, agencies, elected representatives, etc.) and big corporations and industry. because [...]

communications2025-02-05t18:03:34-08:00win for medic assaulted by officer during reproductive rights rallycldc has obtained a settlement for a medic who was assaulted by a springfield police [...]communications2025-02-03t14:53:44-08:00google is a f*cking snitchover the last month or so several activists around the country known to cldc received [...]communications2025-02-03t13:25:01-08:00us campaign for palestinian rights press release re: slapp suitfor immediate release federal judge permanently dismisses two palestinian rights orgs from frivolous chicago o’hare [...]communications2025-01-28t17:49:39-08:00a15 trial defendants acquitted!cldc is overjoyed to announce the unanimous jury trial acquittals of our clients, salem younes [...]view all articlesupcoming events
organizing resources

know your rights
learn how to assert your rights through our comprehensive training program. trainings tailored to meet the needs of your group.
learn morelegal primers
in depth legal research and resources about specific topics significant to grassroots movement organizing and frontline activists.
learn moredigital security
take your digital communications seriously! use our trainings and resources to learn what you need to know to keep you and your community safe.
learn morecases
activist defense
the cldc represents activists that, in the course of fighting for a better world, are arrested and criminally charged. we believe their courage deserves the best possible defense that can incorporate the political, social, and philosophical motivations of these activists.
civil cases
the cldc engages in civil litigation to hold the powerful accountable and to protect the rights of activists and marginalized communities. our civil litigation is aimed at holding governments, corporations, and the powerful accountable when they violate the constitutional rights of others. the civil practice of the cldc is shaped and driven by a desire to create a lasting impact.
view all our casesget involved

stay informed
sign up to get the latest updates, reports from the frontlines, articles, resources, & event invites!
please subscribe me!donate
your support empowers us to do our work defending & supporting frontline activists! thank you!
support our work today!volunteer
come make an impact and flex your skills! we love our interns & volunteers and thrive because of them!
apply now!supporting the struggle
the civil liberties defense center supports movements that seek to dismantle the political and economic structures at the root of social inequality and environmental destruction. we provide litigation, education, legal and strategic resources to strengthen and embolden their success.
cldc educates, supports and defends grassroots activists nationwide. we are dedicated to being a backbone for the grassroots and the frontlines. we help activists navigate the legal system, we represent them at no cost when they are arrested and we help them make smart choices in the face of state repression. we provide the necessary legal support so that activists can have long, sustainable lifetimes fighting in the movement for justice.
we also provide know your rights and other legal trainings for activists and other vulnerable groups such as youth, tribes, the houseless community and the undocumented community. we believe that knowledge is power, and when people have the tools and understanding to take action and demand that the government honor all their rights, then grassroots activism will be the best chance of exacting necessary change.
learn more about cldc0+activists defended0+activists trained



 
 











 
 
 





		civil liberties defense center, 1711 willamette st. ste 301, #359 eugene, or 97401-4593 | © cldc 2023, all rights reserved	


xfacebookinstagramrss
 
 
 
 
 
 
page load link


 












































































































go to top




