





fastcooking.ca - pressure cookers: high quality, stainless steel fagor pressure cookers sold at the new generation pressure cooker store











the new generation pressure cooker experts





















fast-cooking pressure cookers


everything about pressure cookers
  
  your answers about pressure cookers & pressure-cooking  



 
    orbuy a pressure cooker at our online store






learn about the modern,easy-to-use, new-style fast cooker



new generation
fagor pressure cookers







advantages of pressure-cooking
compare pressure cookers

tips on buying the best
what size to buy?
safety
electronic pressure cookers
history


recipes for pressure cookers

recipe index
p/c cookbooks
how to:  cooking rice
how to:  cooking oatmeal


p/c cookbooks
cooking times

cooking times:  all
cooking times:  vegetarian
how to:  cooking rice
how to:  cooking oatmeal


compared to slow cookers
health benefits

health benefits
healthy baby food


green cooking/cost savings

energy savings of 70%
beans:  best pressure-cooked


how pressure cookers work
mom's old pressure cooker
buy a pressure cooker




why should you use a modern pressure cooker?






cook fast, easy, delicious and healthy meals in one-third the ordinary time 
     (can be shorter than one-tenth the time depending on the food type - see comparison chart below).





during your busy day, gives you the time to prepare nutritious homemade meals fast.




stop wasting money buying expensive pre-packaged meals containing ingredients you can't pronounce.



have a healthy diet or lose weight.



have a financial investment that's better than owning a gas station.  you'll be using 70% less energy.




pricing and how to order a fagor 
 pressure cooker  


food fast, without the 
 guilt tm


the many benefits of pressure-cooking
fagor pressure cookers save time:  cook in 1/3 the time




     the fagor duo new generation pressure cooker saves you time by cooking foods two to ten times faster than 
     ordinary cooking methods.  it is the fastest way to cook delicious food.  fagor new generation 
     pressure cookers are as fast or faster than microwave ovens, but the food tastes tremendously better.  
     spending less time cooking means more time for sports, kids, movies, friends, hobbies or other activities.
    







sample new generation pressure cooker cooking times

food
ordinarycooking time(minutes)
pressure-cooking time(minutes)


beef pot roast
3 to 4 hours
30*


beef spareribs
1 to 3 hours
15*


black beans
60-120
3-6*


broccoli
15
2


chicken cacciatore
30-60
10


chickpea and spinach soup
60-90
9-14*


homemade chicken stock
hours
30


homemade pasta sauces(the flavourful long simmering kind)
60
10


lobster
10
3


old-fashion "baked" beans
7 hours
40


potatoes
25
5-7


red kidney beans
60-120
5-8*


risotto (a very tasty rice dish)
25
7


rice, brown
35
15*


rice, white
15
5*


soups
45
12


whole chicken
60
12-18*





vegetarian cooking is also extremely 
   fast with new generation fagor pressure cookers.
click for details


fagor pressure cookers cut your work to make scrumptious meals




    food can be cooked extremely fast with the fagor duo new generation pressure cooker to make tasty snacks, 
    meals or even yummy desserts like cheesecake.  prepare recipes, from a simple entrée to a complete 
    gourmet meal, in minutes.  there are many one-pot pressure cooker meals.  that means only one
    pot to clean.
   

 shrimp risotto. risotto in only 7 minutes! no 
    stirring! normally takes 25 min.




    get long simmering flavours fast when using a fagor new generation pressure cooker.  the fagor duo 
    pressure cooker can quickly cook items such as chicken, beef, seafood and potatoes plus healthy and low 
    cost foods like vegetables, rice and beans (such as chickpeas) that would otherwise require a long time to cook.
   




    a fagor pressure cooker makes preparing baby food a snap (details).
   




    the fagor duo new generation pressure cooker has the all-in-one functionality of a 
    slow cooker, 
    rice 
    cooker, vegetable steamer, pasta cooker, microwave oven, stock pot, conventional pot and even a baby bottle 
    sterilizer combined.  easy to use, too.
   




more time to do the things you want to do:  friends, activities, fun or just relaxing.pressure cookers 
 from fastcooking.ca
pricing and how to order a fagor 
 pressure cooker  
fagor pressure cookers are fast, fast, fast:  speed under pressure




     did we mention the fagor duo new generation pressure cooker is fast?  on average, cook homemade meals in 1/3 
     the time compared to ordinary cookware.  using a fagor pressure cooker is the fastest way to 
     cook great food that is tastier, healthier, more environmentally friendly and cheaper than canned, frozen or 
     processed foods.  there is no faster pressure cooker on the market than the fagor duo new generation
     pressure cooker.
    


fagor pressure cookers cook tastier and healthier meals


fagor pressure cookers cut cooking times 
     so you can make healthy homemade meals quickly.

food fast, without the guilt.tm  the fagor duo 
     slashes cooking times, giving you the time to prepare delicious, healthy meals—cutting down on processed 
     foods high in fat and heart-stopping sodium and low in nutrients.
    




     when pressure-cooking with a fagor new generation pressure cooker, foods are more nutritious because they are cooked
     fast in a sealed, virtually oxygen free environment with very little liquid.  water-soluble vitamins 
     and minerals are not cooked away.
    




     vegetables retain their natural colour and flavour as they can be steamed under pressure rather than 
     boiled.  steam pressure cooks the food fast, so all foods cooked in a new generation pressure cooker 
     are moist and succulent unlike microwave cooked foods.
    





fagor pressure cookers are ul-listed

p/c desserts.




     this isn't your mother's old, noisy pressure cooker!!  fagor new generation pressure cookers are 
     ul-listed for compliance to the applicable ul standard for safety for pressure cookers.  new safety technology 
     with multiple safety valves permit any excess pressure to escape while an interlock prevents the pressure 
     cooker lid from being accidentally opened (new safety 
     technology details).
    





fagor pressure cookers keep kitchens cool, save $$




     homemade meals cooked in a pressure cooker provide a fast alternative to pricey store-bought entrées 
     and processed foods containing preservatives, artificial flavours and colour additives.
    




     surveys show that cooking accounts for about 10% of the average home's electricity bill.  because 
     it is so fast, the fagor duo new generation pressure cooker saves you money by using approximately 
     70% less energy than ordinary cookware.  importantly for many people, this means 
     a cooler, more comfortable kitchen and less air conditioner use.
    


the fagor duo new
 generation pressure cooker is constructed of safe, strong stainless steel and has a heat-spreading base
 for even browning and rapid heat absorption.  it has an easy to use dual pressure 
 selector—just turn the dial.
pricing and how to order a fagor pressure 
 cooker  
learn more about pressure-cooking

how pressure cookers work
cookbooks for pressure cookers
pressure cooker cooking times
recipes for pressure cookers


cost savings when using a pressure cooker
slow cookers compared to pressure cookers
what to look for in a pressure cooker
shop for a pressure cooker








click to enlarge
simple to use



buy a pressure cooker and join what the toronto starcalls a “resurgence in north 
     america.”  



food fast, without the 
 guilt tm
new generation stainless steel fagor pressure cookers




contact us
about us
return policy
privacy policy


















the best deal on the best pressure cooker: stainless steel 15 psi fagor new generation pressure 
 cookers, sold online in canada. better than presto.
buy fagor, magefesa & kuhn rikon pressure cookers, pressure pots, cookware or pressure pans at the new, modern european  
 pressure cooker expert.


©2005-2009 circular input products ltd., all rights reserved. 
   problems or suggestions about website:  contact .



