





lets talk films | video production company










































 








home
about
services
process
work
blog
contact









experience more
 play showreel







let’s talk films is a great team of friendly people.
we’re all about creative film making. 








our work
what we’ve been up to








our services
what we can do for you








about us
just a little bit








contact
let’s talk








work















ripcor the movie trailer














charlotte














windsor business quarter














windsor leadership journeys














discover ireland














great british pinics














my first bra














one under lime











do you have a project we can help you with?
let's talk about it!
get in touch





services




film is one of the best forms of content to connect with your web audience that there is.








content marketing




find out more





filming




find out more





concept development




find out more





script writing




find out more





motion graphics




find out more










"let's talk films is not your typical video production company.
they are honest, creative, hardworking people who are passionate about doing stuff right.
 a pleasure to work with from start to finish."

treve ripley - creative director - turnbull ripley







process




it’s not just what we do, but how we do it that ensures our clients get the films they want.








1. brief


an essential part of the process, the brief should include the objective of the film along with your target audience. it should also cover aspects such as budget, usage and your deadline.

get in touch





2. create ideas


using the brief as our guide we research and develop ideas and concepts aimed at your audience. we'll also give you our initial thoughts on style, treatment, length and cost.

get in touch





3. planning


this is where we plan out the film in detail. setting out areas for narration, any music or sound effects, we develop a storyboard and script for you to review along with a filming schedule.

get in touch





4. produce


once we have your approval on the storyboard and script we set to work producing your film. either on location or in a studio we record and capture the assets needed to make your film.

get in touch





5. delivery


at this stage we bring the music, footage and graphics together. a first draft becomes available for your feedback and any amends before final sign off and output.

get in touch









about







we're just like the others only different

in fact we’re just a bunch of friendly, hardworking people who love creating beautiful films for our clients. whether we are exploring the treatment journey of a cancer patient or promoting a new restaurant our films are designed to evoke emotion and ultimately action.

our priorities are to meet the objectives you have set for your film and to make the whole production process as enjoyable and stress free as possible. we create films in a number of key stages; taking care of the briefing, concept creation, planning, filming, editing and delivery. the process section explains a little of how this works and what happens at each stage.

most importantly, we take the time to get to know you and to understand what you want from your film. we take as much time and care to get to know the subject or people appearing in your film. the relationships we form and our understanding of the subject matter bring our films to life.








contact













yay! message sent.
error! please validate your fields.



let's talk
want to discus your ideas for a new project? just fill out the form aside or contact us via the details below.
contact details



b.06 clerkenwell workshops
						31 clerkenwell close
london
ec1r 0at




john@letstalk.agency




020 3637 6233











© 2018 let's talk creative









