

maine canoe symposium















maine canoe symposium | may 30-june 1, 2025
 about
 schedule
 registration
 contact




about
schedule
registration
contact







may 30 - june 1, 2025bryant pond, maine






established in 1986, the maine canoe symposium is a fun-filled weekend where you can learn new skills, connect with other paddlers, share stories, and enjoy the quintessential maine sport of canoeing.




3
      lakeside days
    

20
      instructor led, on-water classes
    

30
      land-based presentations and workshops
    

100+
      happy paddlers
    








about mcs






our mission
the maine canoe symposium encourages participants of all ages to develop an understanding and appreciation of the diversity of north american canoeing heritage and to develop canoeing and related skills through educational workshops, presentations, and hands-on instruction.
program

      whether you're just getting started or are a veteran paddler, the maine canoe symposium offers a variety of programming to meet all skill levels. 
    we provide the instruction, canoes, paddles, pfds, and anything else you need to get out on the water. 
    the weekend incorporates the wide range of workshops on various paddling techniques, including basic recreational, competitive, freestyle, and whitewater, as well as traditional canoe tripping and poling.
    
    in addition to our on-water program, 
    we also feature land-based workshops and presentations across a wide range of related topics. past workshops have included topics such as first-aid, paddle making, predicting and understanding weather, painting and photography, maine history, knot tying and tarp setup, fly fishing, and open-fire cooking, to name a few.   
    the maine canoe symposium also offers a companion children's program which includes kid-friendly activites, like low-ropes and paracute games to canoe safety and even paddling their own kid-sized canoe!
instructors
at the maine canoe symposium you can receive individualized instruction from an amazing group of registered maine guides, canadian paddlesport professionals, and seasoned canoe enthusiasts.




maine canoe symposium 2021 commencement


instructors: lisa dehart and paul faria



polly mahoney
david butler
kevin silliker and rory matchett
leah titcomb


patrick dole and ray reitze
jean gerber
ben meader
keith attenborough


dave lewis
john meader
jeff dehart
dot and gil gilpatrick


explore topics like:

  canoeing for fitness

 trip planning



  safety skills

  map and compass



  meal planning

 plant identification




canoe tripping
balance skills
campfire cooking
paddle carving


solo and tandem canoeing
canoe sailing
kids program
canoe poling







schedule





december 11, 2025 update: 
            
            save the date - may 30th thru june 1st we will return to bryant pond umaine 4-h camp and learning center for the 39th maine canoe symposium! it's early days, but we'll share more information here, in emails, and on facebook as more details are confirmed.

            -chris

please sign up for our mailing list for all the latest news.

this year's event will again span friday, saturday, and sunday! we'll include friday and saturday evening activities, on-site tenting or cabin bunks, and an improved on-site dining experience.below you'll find last year's schedule. quite a bit of the core schedule remains the same year after year. we're always on the lookout for new topics and presenters to share their passion and interests.




 2024 schedule

 info for participants

 info for parents

 event map - not yet available for our new 2024 venue. 

no need to print your own schedule, we always have plenty of printed schedules and maps on-hand on the day of the event.





location




the maine canoe symposium is proud to partner with the university of maine's cooperative extension at bryant pond to offer a beautiful lakeside classroom.






registration




registration isn't open yet. please join our mailing list with the form below to get all of our updates!







contact



if you have a question, please contact us. chris is very friendly! he's happy to answer any questions you may have or discuss special accomodations.


phone: 207-299-0393
email:info@mainecanoesymposium.org
        follow and message us on:
facebookinstagram
subscribe to our newsletter.






email address 




first name 



last name 





 



 subscribe
                  








 jump to the top
all photos and content copyright chris corey, john meader, and the maine canoe symposium
powered by:w3.css




