











    54th massachusetts volunteer infantry regiment




































 











donate
links
membership
 









54th massachusetts volunteer infantry regiment company b 



about us

our organization 54th regiment history photo gallery
events

events list events calendar
newscontact 








the storming of ft.wagner
led by the 54th massachusetts volunteer infantry, this famous battle, fought on july 18, 1863, is depicted here in a lithograph by kurz and allison – 1890.




the battle of olustee
led by the 54th massachusetts volunteer infantry, this famous battle, fought on
february 20, 1864, is depicted here in a lithograph by kurz and allison – 1894.




 




54th massachusetts volunteer infantry regiment 

 





54th regiment history


 
organized at readville and mustered in may 13, 1863. left boston on steamer “de molay” for hilton head, s. c., may 28, arriving there june 3. regiment lost during service 5 officers and 104 enlisted men killed and mortally wounded and 1 officer and 160 enlisted men by disease.



a black soldier reflects


 
when the national gallery of art unveiled augustus saint-gaudens' memorial to robert gould shaw and the massachusetts 54th regiment, retired gen. colin powell spoke about the statue and the soldiers who died in the assault on fort wagner.









﻿




no upcoming events found 



all events upcoming scheduled events







 

news and past activities






 very latest


  member calvin osborne on cbs this morning
by admin on september 28, 2021 in news
calvin osborne, 54th massachusetts company b president, talks with cbs news' omar villafranca. continue reading 






 
  
members telling their stories
by admin on november 2, 2020 in news
we’re excited to share some recently produced videos of our members either telling stories of battle or of their actual continue reading 





 
  
u.s. colored troops living history encampment
by admin on october 27, 2014 in past activities
seen here are photos of the living history program in annapolis, md, with members of the 54th massachusetts company b continue reading 








who we are the 54th massachusetts volunteer infantry regiment, company b, washington, dc, is a 501(c)(3), non-profit organization of volunteers dedicated to preserving the history of the 54th massachusetts and the black soldier in the civil war. we serve as a living monument to commemorate and honor all the men who served, lost their lives and health in the civil war, particularly those members of our namesake, the 54th regiment of massachusetts volunteer infantry; we strive to have the 54th massachusetts bring history to life as accurately and authentically as possible so that people who come to see us will gain a better understanding and appreciation of their heritage and history.
interested in membership? an accurate portrayal of blacks in the civil war is our objective and in order to achieve this, we need men with a strong interest in history and the motivation to do the job well.

visit our membership information page to learn more and/or to fill out an application.
 













                        we are dedicated to preserving the history of the 54th mass. vol. inf. reg. and black soldiers in the civil war.                        






        					all rights reserved  |  website by evans design & marketing, llc 


donate
links
membership
 














 

full details
get directions











×
contact event manager 










































book your
tickets

 update personal details
































ticket
seats available
amount usd
select
ticket amount usd
total amount usd







0
0






0






0










































your ticket for
 







february 17, 2025


book


starts  











































