



infinite systems – solutions, not just support - networking, it support, wifi management







 

  


























 
 






webmail







home
about us
services
blog


pay online
contact













solutions, not just support
technology makes your business go. our expertise and experience ensure that your business will always function at light speed. we provide total support for your computers, networks, and servers.
find out more
contact us





















about us









we're on a mission

						infinite systems' mission is "improving people's lives with technology".  sometimes mission statements are just nice words. we live by this on a daily basis.
contact us today to learn how our mission can help you.









we're better

						we've been doing advanced it work in and around lincoln for over twenty years. our staff of technicians is well-trained and experienced. we always go the extra mile. in addition to our staff of network experts, we have access internally to programmers and data center experts.

					








we're different

						we don't have required minimum monthly payments. no business is too small to work with. in other words, we're flexible. that's why our clients stay with us. oh, and the high quality of our work!

					









services






managed it services
we maximize your it assets by monitoring and managing your network 24/7 to help prevent security breaches and catastrophic system failure for a consistent monthly price.




wireless solutions

realize the full benefits of high speed internet on your wireless devices. our experienced engineers design, implement, and maintain fast and secure wi-fi systems for homes, businesses, and large scale buildings.




network security

protect your internet entry point with our advanced firewall prevention system. we also provide end point virus/malware protection, and operating system and third party application patching.






disaster recovery
we can consult with you on maintaining access to your critical data in case disaster strikes. we will monitor critical components and can provide onsite and offsite redundant data availability.




network design

our successful design solutions connect all the components of your network in an efficient, organized, and scalable plan. this includes routers, switches, computers, cameras, printers, and wi-fi.




data backup
backups are crucial for all your critical data. we provide secure onsite and offsite backups for your servers and workstations. we also monitor for failed backups and proactively fix the problems.







projects
we can help with projects, such as active directory domain migrations, ground up network design and implementation, windows 10 (and future) upgrades, network audits, and firewall replacement.




remote solutions
when your business is on the go, we offer secure access to your data at home or business from remote locations, from anywhere in the world with fast connection time.




email options
we can provide onsite exchange, hosted exchange, and pop/imap email for those that just need good basic service with good value. we can also transfer your existing email library to the cloud.









have a question?
we have a full staff of experts to answer your questions and solve your problems.

you need help and we have answers!






featured clients























contact us
please fill in the following form for technical support, sales, general information or billing questions.















who do you want to contact?
our support team
our sales team
our accounting team
our human resources team
other













 send us a message 













we understand computer and network technologies so you can run your business or home office better than the competition. our mission is "improving people's lives with technology".learn more


useful links


 policies
 careers
 remote support
 webmail



contact us

					206 s 13th st suite 602
					lincoln, ne 68508-2034
phone: (402) 477-2474






connect with us
like us on facebook







        © copyright infinite systems. all rights reserved
      
























