














ece | naces member | foreign credential evaluation services


































skip to content





contact uslogin/order report



 
            













menu





 
            




 applicants applicants to u.s. institutionsservices & feesada, cas, nabp, excelsior university, nyu admitted freshman applicants to canadian institutionsservices & fees canadaorder ece® credential report copydocumentation requirementsindividual faqshealthcare compliance for individuals institutions and agencies institution reportscurriculum reviewinstitution reports types ece dispatchece dispatch login institution training and resourcesece connectionece connection advantageece prontoinstitution faqsordering options for agentshealthcare compliance solutions our philanthropyece® aid stories participating institutionsece® aid participating institution sign-upece® aid newsletterannual report aboutwhy ece?meet our teamtestimonials and reviewsresources for international studentsboard of directorsece land acknowledgementpress pagecareersour blogcontact us


contact uslogin/order report



reports


applicants to u.s. institutions u.s. transcript evaluations for international students 
u.s. services and fees services and fees for u.s. institutions, including report options and processing times 
applicants to canadian institutions canadian transcript evaluations for international students 
canadian services and fees services and fees for canadian institutions, including report options and processing times 
ada, jcnde, and nabp information on reports for professions that may require licensure 
nyu and excelsior university information about international credits for admission to undergraduate programs
centralized application servicesece® report and application information for centralized application services 
healthcare compliancereports for healthcare workers who were educated overseas 

resources



order a report copy easily order copies of credential evaluation reports online 
documentation requirements country-specific documentation requirements 
applicant faqs answers to all your credential evaluation frequently asked questions 
resources for international studentsother service providers for international students 


resources


let's work togetherece helps you properly recognize the education of international students applying to undergraduate or graduate programs 
institution reports report types and services available to institutions 
ordering options for agents methods agents can use to request and manage credential evaluations 
institution faqs frequently asked questions addressing common concerns and inquiries from institutions 
healthcare compliancespecialized services to ensure regulatory compliance requirements are met 
training and resourcescredential evaluation training, resources, and customized support 

products


ece dispatchsecure access to ece® reports and educational documents in one convenient document 
ece connectionfree global resource hub and forum for credential evaluation professionals 
ece connection advantagepremium subscription with exclusive resources, tools, and support for credential evaluators 
ece prontocredential evaluation help when and how you need it 
curriculum review detailed analysis and comparison of educational programs for institutions and professionals 


about ece aid
ece aid stories
ece aid participating institutions
ece aid registration
ece aid newsletter
annual report

about ece


who we are
board of directors
meet our team
why ece
land acknowlegement
contact us

resources


blog 
careers
press
testimonals & reviews
annual report









main content

credential evaluation reports completed in an average of 3-5 business days.

educational credential evaluators (ece) reviews academic achievements by individuals from other countries and converts them to the u.s. or canadian system. if  you want to study or work in or immigrate to the u.s. or study in canada, an ece® evaluation report will help to ensure that you are recognized for your educational accomplishments. ece has been providing educational credential evaluations for over 40 years.                                                                                                                     
we are a charter member of naces and a recipient of the better business bureau torch award for ethics. ece’s standard order processing time is an average of 3-5 business days from the date we receive all required information. we continuously strive to meet this turnaround time, which does not include delivery time, weekends, or holidays, but at times of very high volume it may take longer to complete reports.


services and fees

documentation requirements

order a report


educational credential evaluators® application process


determine which report you need
the course by course is our #1 report, ordered by 69% of customers. but confirm the required report type with your chosen institution. review ece® report types for u.s. reports and canadian reports.


review documentation requirements and submit documents
credential evaluation report documentation requirements vary from country to country. learn which documents you need to apply. applicants are responsible for supplying required documentation.


create an account and apply
our online application is safe and secure. complete your application, submit payment, then mail or submit your educational documents according to your documentation requirements. ece’s order processing time is an average of 3-5 business days from the date we receive all required information. processing time can vary and does not include delivery time, weekends, or holidays, but at times of very high volume it may take longer to complete reports.



why ece

outstanding customer service
standard average turnaround time of 3-5 business days
commitment to excellence, integrity, and care
rigorous standards
industry leader
nonprofit, public service organization

learn why


93% of people we've assisted gave us an a*


*results based on responses from 1,820 recent ece® applicants from a 3/24 survey. 


"the results were just what i needed." 




"i needed to validate courses that i took in mexico to complete my mba degree. i got very professional and serious attention to my case, it was profoundly analyzed and i got back a certified worldwide valid document of my studies."
jorge m.



"its a convenient way to get educational degrees and marksheet evaluated as per us standards of education. service is very speedy and with accurate results."
simarpreet k.



"i appreciate that you have great customer service and share the information as soon as possible. thanks for the great service that you provide!"
merary z.



"i could say they are the best!!! thanks for everything, they explained everything to me, thanks them i'm gonna start my nursing school!!!! and last thing, they are really fast !!!!!"
sheila g.



"your service it's absolutely confidence, excellent response time and very professional... i'm very greatfully!!!"
saturnino g.



"ece was very convenient and easy-to-use. the work was done on time."
sandeep c.



"i wanted to extend my sincere appreciation for the exceptional job done on my recent transcript evaluation. the process was efficient and the level of detail provided in the report was accurate and comprehensive."
samuel k.



"the service was outstanding and the timelines were met. the reports provided met the expectations of the us institution that requested us equivalence. all originals nailed back timely. kudos!"
noah m.



"high quality, fast, efficient and professional service. ece processed my documents much faster than i'd expected, and i got updated about my order along the way. highly recommended!"
thao l.



"it took a while me to decide which evaluators should i choose? and i decided to go with ece, i never had hustle and never regretted. my undergraduate degree was long back from my country, it is kind of hectic for me to go through evaluation but ece cut off my 50% stress. they were so helpful when i contacted , they were so ready to help everything. i had very great experience with ece. thank you so much."
shila p.



"thank you team ece for the swift and comprehensive evaluation. from the online application, to communicating receipt of documents, to evaluation and delivery of report, i witnessed a professional and well organized process. i have a firm belief that you will maintain your reputation which led me to select you in the first place."
abel



"i truly trusted them because of their efficacy and timely way they work. you are the best in the market."
maritza v.
read more testimonials from our satisfied customers. 
our blog
view all blogs
please wait while we gather your results.meet the team shereesheree yates has been an essential part of ece for over 25 years, leading hr with a passion for employee growth and workplace culture. she’s also active in shrm and loves spending time with family, cheering on the packers, and hosting gatherings. get to know her in this fun q&a!read the blog postwhat to do if your credentials are not accepted by an institution or employerif your foreign credentials weren’t accepted by an institution or employer, don’t panic—there are steps you can take to move forward. rejections can happen due to outdated evaluations, unrecognized agencies, or degree equivalency issues. understanding the reason behind the rejection is key to finding a solution. learn what to do next to keep your academic and professional goals on track.read the blog postmeet the team sarahin this "meet the team" blog, we introduce sarah hoverson, an ece evaluator with a background in elementary education. sarah shares her journey from teaching to joining ece, her love for camping in northern wisconsin, her passion for cheese, and her favorite halloween costume. get a closer look at what makes sarah a valuable part of the ece team!read the blog post







 
 
   
charter member since 1987

 





                    
 
 







educational credential evaluators®
101 w. pleasant st., suite 200
milwaukee, wi 53212-3963

 
 
 
 
privacy policy
gdpr privacy notice
terms of use
accessibility statement
 

©copyright 2025 educational credential evaluators, inc. all rights reserved.



applicantsapplicants to u.s. institutionsinstitution reportsinstitution reports typesmeta applicantsapplicants to canadian institutionsinstitutions and agenciesece dispatchorder ece® credential report copyinstitution training and resourcesdocumentation requirementsindividual faqsinstitution faqsordering options for agentsour bloghealthcare compliance for individualshealthcare compliance solutionsprivacy policy terms of use







this site is powered by the northwoods titan content management system.







