ï»¿hospitality management company | shaner hotel groupskip to contentphone icon (814) 234-4460  facebook for shaner hotels    linkedin for shaner hotels    instagram for shaner hotels      contact uscontact uscheck in ) check out  rooms  adults  children  book now  toggle navigation    about usour teamawardsmedia roomblogcareersportfoliohotelsrestaurantsprestige collectionservicescompany cultureshaner divisionsshaner capitalshaner globalshaner solutionskeystone clearwater solutionsbronder technical services    operating award-winning hotels & resorts acquisition, development & partnershipshaner hotels provides a wide array of acquisition and development services, born of our company’s decades of experience in brand and property management. when you partner with shaner hotels you open yourself to a wide range of services related to acquisition and development. we've established relationships across all major brands and networks, ensuring successful transactions and clear strategies. about us   media room   our blog   image slide1, link to larger image, by the pool   image slide2, link to larger image, room   image slide3, link to larger image, ocean spa at playa largo resort   image slide4, link to larger image, newport harbor hotel firepit featured propertyhampton inn & suites homestead miami southin homestead, flnear the everglades, relax in comfort by the homestead-miami speedway, coral castle museum, and florida keys outlet, as well as biscayne bay. view all properties get to knowour portfolioexplore our extensive portfolio of more than 60 hotels across 15 states and four countries, comprising more than 6,000 rooms. our management company oversees hotels ranging from select-service and extended-stay properties to full-service hotels and resorts.learn morejoin our teamcareers at shaneryou can help our company reach new heights of prosperity. our team has achieved amazing growth by attracting, developing, and retaining the best possible talent in the hospitality industry. so come join a creative company that wants you to achieve your full potential.learn more shaner  serviceselevate your brand, increase profitability, and provide unparalleled customer service with help from our complete range of professional services. contact us for more information on services ranging from operations to human resources to legal, each supported by a dedicated and specialized team. learn more  community  involvementjoin us as we serve our community. shaner hospitality management partners with the jb griffin memorial foundation on our annual golf event, held at toftrees golf resort. all proceeds support local non-profit organizations like the lance & ellen shaner cancer pavilion. learn more  shaner  divisionswe’ve launched an exciting new chapter with a dual focus on maintaining our portfolio’s profitability and creating new hospitality ventures. these include the development of select-service properties and partnerships with colleges and universities for new housing on or near their campuses. learn more - our mission -every day, in all that we do, we strive to deliver extraordinary experiences for guests, solid financial results for owners and partners and a great work environment for every associate through dynamic growth, commitment to innovation and drive for continued success. recently opened: hotel celare, cincinnati midtown, a tribute portfolio hotelsituated in the heart of the university of cincinnati and only a few miles from the vibrant downtown. featuring the vick rooftop bar, iris cafe, and a cameron mitchell restaurant, as well as chic design elements throughout the hotel,  hotel celare is the perfect choice for your stay. our portfolio  now hiring: area director of saleswe are looking for an area director of sales for the hershey area, providing support for our courtyard by marriott chocolate avenue and the hampton inn & suites hershey near the park. in this position you will be responsible for strategically soliciting and developing new accounts and successfully promoting the properties. our careers  shaner spotlight: hotel of the yearthe ac hotel by marriott columbus dublin was named the 2023 ac brand hotel of the year earlier this year. boasting a gorgeous rooftop restaurant, vaso, and prime position in energetic bridge park near the ohio state university, the team at ac hotel columbus dublin continually offers impeccable service to its guests driving high service scores and occupancy to the property. our awards    image slide1, link to larger image,     image slide2, link to larger image,     image slide3, link to larger image,   blogterms of usecontact ussitemapprivacy policyweb accessibility footer navigation for mobile navigation   shaner  1965 waddle road state college, pennsylvania 16803 united states    phone:  (814) 234-4460    res:  (814) 234-4460 sign up for e-mail  sign up   shaner hotels facebook    shaner on linkedin    shaner hotels instagram hotel website design by  vizergy  scroll to top contact us