










auto dealer supplies, car dealership products - mbr marketing, inc.
































my account 

register
login



shopping cart
checkout




call toll free: (800) 443-4333






















 




0 item(s) - $0.00



your shopping cart is empty!










categories




shop



auto body supplies
auto dealer forms
banners & signs
clearance
dealer identification
dealer supplies
flags & pennants
key control systems
motorcycle dealer supplies
promotional products
service department
windshield advertising




dealer identification



custom mirror hang tags
business cards
carpet & all-weather car mats
custom air fresheners
custom decals & nameplates
custom document folders
custom insurance card holders
custom keychains
custom kickstand pads
custom license plate frames
custom license plates
custom parking permit hang tags & stickers
custom pens
custom plastic membership cards & key tags
custom printed paper floor mats
custom report of sale stickers
custom self inking rubber stamps
custom tire covers
custom trailer hitch covers
custom usb flash drives
custom oil change stickers
custom printed deal jackets
custom dealer window stickers


show all dealer identification 

dealer supplies



addendum stickers
after hours shopper box
air fresheners & odor eliminators
buyers guides
car key tags
deal jackets
dealer laser window stickers
dealer window stickers
jailer key rings
license plate accessories
sales department forms
sold & hold tags
tear resistant temporary tags & holders


show all dealer supplies 

service department



car inspection stickers
car key tags
car maintenance
carpet & all-weather car mats
color coded filing systems
csi stickers
custom self inking rubber stamps
daily service record books & route sheets
display racks
disposable plastic & paper floor mats
magnetic car top hats
night drop boxes & envelopes
nitrile gloves
no smoking & no pets key tags & stickers
oil change stickers & printers
parking lot maintenance
parts bags
plastic seat, steering wheel, & gear shift covers
sales incentive game boards
service & parts department forms
service hang tags
smokers cease fire
sorbents
tire labels
tire storage bags
wooden mallet literature display racks & furniture
work order holders for repair or job tickets


show all service department 







shop by category


auto body supplies
auto dealer forms
banners & signs
clearance
dealer identification
dealer supplies
flags & pennants
key control systems
motorcycle dealer supplies
promotional products
service department
windshield advertising

 

direct source for auto dealership supplies
mbr marketing is a leader in the auto dealer supply industry. founded in 1982, we are one of largest manufacturers and distributors of auto dealer supplies in the united states.  explore our comprehensive selection of supply products for auto dealerships including deal jackets, key tags, car bows, flags, custom imprinted license plates and frames, floor mats, dispatch number tags, and much more, all of which are offered at extremely competitive direct pricing.









auto body supplies

body shop deal jackets
magnetic hats
paint booth film mask
more...












banners & signs

curb signs and holders
custom vinyl banners
underhood signs
more...














dealer identification

custom keychains
custom license plate frames
custom license plates
more...












dealer supplies

car key tags
license plate screws
sales forms
more...














flags & pennants

car flags
feather flags
pennant strings
more...












key control systems

car lock boxes
key cabinets
key control boards
more...














motorcycle dealer supplies

custom kickstand pads
custom motorcycle license plate frames
motorcycle hang tags
more...












promotional products

air dancers
car bows
balloons
more...














service department


job time tickets
disposable floor mats
steering wheel & seat covers
more...












windshield numbers & signs

windshield numbers
windshield slogans
windshield year models
more...







featured products













manila automotive service dispatch numbered mirror hang tags (box of 1000)

															$52.00 - $56.50									  
										









klr-bak "clear back" window sticker tickets (package of 100)

															$6.75 - $8.75									  
										









this vehicle is not for sale stickers (package of 100)

															$16.25 - $18.25									  
										









2-part adhesive tape car dealer buyers guides - as is (package of 100)

															$14.50 - $17.50									  
										









deluxe self-contained after hours car key night drop box

															$369.95									  
										









godex rt200i oil change sticker printer bundle

															$474.99 - $499.99									  
										









seamless reusable balloon car window kit

															$27.95									  
										









versa-tags self protecting key tags (box of 250)

															$19.85 - $20.95									  
										









rubber car dealer demo license plate holders

															$13.25 - $14.95									  
										









jumbo sold/hold tags for car dealerships - 4" x 8" (box of 250)

															$22.95 - $23.95									  
										









poly back ridged disposable automotive paper floor mats - 82# stock (package of 500)

															$53.45 - $57.45									  
										









clip-on car window form hangers holders for car dealer buyers guides - 9" x 13" (package of 50)

															$30.90									  
										









blank outdoor application car dealer laser window stickers - 8-1/2" x 11" (package of 100)

															$43.95 - $45.95									  
										











the mbr marketing, inc. difference
mbr is well-known throughout the automotive industry as one of the most comprehensive stocking distributors of supply items and promotional products for car dealerships in the nation, as well as our quality and selection of dealer identification products such as license plate frames, license plates, decals, and many more custom imprinted products geared towards auto dealerships.  we are also the largest manufacturer of car bows in the united states and the largest direct importer of car flags, swooper flags, wind-fee flags, and the associated feather flag hardware on the east coast.  we are unique in our industry in that almost every product we carry is in stock at our 23,000 square foot warminster, pa warehouse. we are the direct source on many of the products we stock and are able to offer superior quality, selection, extremely competitive pricing, and fast shipping. we offer the following core advantages:

all phone calls are answered by a live person.  most of our employees have been with us for over 10 years - some our staff has been with us for over 20+ years.  our team possesses comprehensive industry knowledge based on our years of experience that is unmatched by the competition.  you will never experience and automated answering machine or offshore call centers with mbr.
the confidence and competitive pricing that comes from buying from an industry leader - we are the manufacturer, direct importer, or designer of many of the products shown in our catalog. we are proud to be a leader and innovator in our industry and constantly looking for ways to improve the quality and cost-competitiveness of the products we offer to help our customers.
we never implement any minimum order amount. whether you need to place a big or small order, we are here for you with the same level of customer service.  our goal is to build a lifetime relationship with our customers, so every order is of equal importance to us.
most stock orders are shipped the same day they are received, when placed before 3pm est. the lead times for custom printed orders are shown on our website.

custom printed dealer identification products
if you are in the market for custom printed dealer identification products such as license plate frames, license plates, keychains, decals, kickstand pads, and much more, our team can help you bring your vision to reality.  we have been serving the auto industry for over 30 years and have the expertise to help you choose the right product for your application as well as the most comprehensive collection of custom printed auto dealer products available to help your dealership stand out from the competition. please contact us to see how we can help bring your logo to life on an array of imprinted products.
you will find that we offer the most comprehensive selection of custom printed products for auto dealerships as well as the most user-friendly website in our industry.  for example, while our competitors offer one or two styles of custom license plate frames, we offer an array of different material, printing, and finish options including chrome plated, chrome faced, raised, and flat finishes, plastic, abs plastic, and metal frames, with screen printed and hot stamped imprints for both cars and motorcycles.  the same is true of our selection of custom license plate frames which includes screen printing, offset printing, and digital printing techniques, aluminum and plastic plates, with options for cars and motorcycles.  the range of options available extend to our custom keychains, decals, ros stickers, car mats, and more. our selection, pricing, and user-friendly website is unmatched for custom auto dealer products.

save on thousands of in-stock auto dealer products

mbr marketing serves thousands of car dealerships and motorcycle dealers nationwide each year; let us be your one-stop dealer supply warehouse.  we are proud to be the source that many dealerships throughout the country turn to for key tags, document envelopes, deal jackets, service supplies, banners, dealership balloons, promotional products, forms, flags, car ramps, car bows, and thousands of other products.  it is our mission to provide our customers with outstanding customer service, fast shipping and the absolute best prices possible. we strive to achieve a personal relationship with each of our customers.  our goal is to be your one-stop direct source that you turn to for all of your dealerships supply and custom printing needs. please browse through our website and reach out to us through phone, email, chat, or fax if you have any questions.

when you need supplies fast, turn to mbr
we have been in the business of supplying auto dealerships with supplies since 1982. we understand the needs of auto dealers.  our goal is to help save you money and keep your business running smoothly.  when you need supplies delivered quickly at the lowest prices in the industry, turn to mbr. since most of our products are in stock at our location in warminster, pa we are able to ship them out extremely quickly and pack them in the most efficient way possible to save you money on shipping charges.

pick up at our warminster, pa location

if you operate a car dealership in the philadelphia area including bucks county, montgomery county, delaware county, or any other surrounding area, please feel free to visit us at our warehouse in warminster, pa.  we will be happy to see you and look forward to saving you money on shipping by picking up your auto dealer supplies at our location. choose from our thousands of in-stock products to keep your car lot running like a well-oiled machine. we look forward to forming a lasting relationship with you and your company.  at our core, we are a family-run business; most of our employees have been with us for 10+ years.  we look forward to seeing you year-after-year and providing you with the quality products that you need.








company

about us
contact us











order information

terms & conditions
privacy policy



payment methods



connect













