









breast implant information





































































follow
















your guide to breast implants & your health



helping patients & health professionals













previous
next





























previous
next





























previous
next

























menu
skip to content
about us

key staff
nchr board of directors


augmentation

making your decision
breast implant types
risks & complications
costs
removal & replacement


reconstruction

making your decision
reconstruction options
risks & complications
costs
removal & replacement


research

how long do they last?
how safe are they?
can implants cause cancer?
published nchr articles

published journal articles
published newspaper/magazine articles and interviews


summaries of implant studies by other researchers
testimonies and statements by nchr

other testimonies about breast implant complications




insurance

private insurance
medicaid
medicare


newsroom

we’re quoted
helpful articles and media


 








home



from scientists & patient advocates of national center for health research
this website is your most accurate source for information about breast implants so that you can make choices that are best for you. unlike most breast implant websites, the information on our website is not paid for by plastic surgeons or breast implant makers who want you as customers.
the scientists and health professionals at the nonprofit national center for health research have created this website after reading research studies and speaking to hundreds of patients, many surgeons and physicians, and officials at the fda.
if you’re considering breast augmentation or reconstruction after a mastectomy, our website can provide you information and guidance that will help you in your decision-making process. you can learn which questions to ask your doctor and what to expect after surgery. if you already have breast implants and are experiencing problems, such as pain, ruptured implants, or you think you may have an autoimmune reaction or other symptoms of “breast implant illness,” we can help with that, too. read our report on the research documenting breast implant illness, and you can read about the personal experiences of dozens of women with breast implants.
if you are a physician or patient who wants to know about the research on breast implants, check out our report and our draft patient informed consent checklist and black box warning.
if you are a breast cancer patient or have a compromised immune system and are concerned about your risks from the coronavirus, here’s what you need to know.
we’re happy to answer any questions you have.


 
in the media…

experts and patients respond to new fda warnings and troubling research on lymphoma and breast implant illness. nchr diana zuckerman explains risks and plastic surgeons misinformation. [health central]
we explain how breast implants were sold for decades before any safety studies were done on women [slate]
danica patrick reveals she had breast implants removed after suffering complications [good morning america]
bella hadid regrets getting a nose job at 14. how young is too young for plastic surgery? [usa today]
what’s wrong with the fda? [washington monthly]
breast augmentation and plastic surgery are on the rise – what are the risks?  [honeysuckle magazine]
biden to choose robert califf to lead f.d.a., despite drug industry ties [the new york times]
biden chooses robert califf, former obama fda chief, as agency commissioner [washington post]
breast implants will now come with black box warnings, list risks [legal reader]

when it comes to clinical trials, healthcare’s diversity problem is standing in the way of medical advancement [fortune]


fda approves new restrictions, orders stronger warnings for breast implants [cbs 5 news]


patients must be warned of breast implant risks, f.d.a. says [the new york times]


former ‘bachelorette’ clare crawley is removing her breast implants over health concerns—here’s what to know [health]


my breast implants are making me sick — and i’m not alone [salon]

patients continue to be inadequately informed of the risk for breast implant-associated alcl [cancer therapy advisor]
study finds removing breast implants improved symptoms [azfamily.com]
fda updates breast implant labeling recommendations to help inform patients about dangerous potential side effects [cure]
first, their breast implants made them sick. then they were hit with the bill [cosmopolitan]










videos



fda reviews breast implant safety as women raise concerns about illnesses



new study shows evidence of breast implants to rare autoimmune disorders



breast implants: the trouble is under the skin














for more information
call: 202-223-4000 or
email: info@breastimplantinfo.org
sitemap | disclaimer | donate



national center for health research1001 connecticut avenue nw, suite 1100washington, dc 20036








