











accubrush home page - accubrush paint edgers









































































skip to content












 









home
products
usage instructions
contact us
visit amazon webstore
 

home
products
usage instructions
contact us
visit amazon webstore
 



























world's fastest paint edger cuts painting time in half 



advanced paint edging technology reduces frustration, makes painting easy for homeowners and professionals alike 







  



accubrush inventor explains how the accubrush solves the most tedious part of house painting 



















 



“one of the best we’ve tried”
 




if you don’t paint every day, “cutting-in” a room can be frustrating. the accubrush edge-painting tool is one of the best we’ve tried. it makes cutting-in quick and easy. with just a little practice, you can paint perfectly straight lines along ceilings and moldings.



- family handyman magazine








 



 



accubrush is the #1 best selling paint edger on amazon.com 







 



“the best paint edging tool i have seen on the market so far.” 




first of all, the accubrush is a roller, not a slab of foam. you roll the rest of your walls, why not the edges, too? it's a logical assumption.

next, accubrush employs a metal edger device to keep the line razor sharp. on the fancier accubrush xt model, this edger even moves up and down to accommodate slight bumps and imperfections the tool may encounter on the wall. wheels on the tool also ensure that the tool rolls along, rather than slides along.

but the killer feature is the removable nylon-bristle brush that follows right behind the rollered line, to keep the paint sharp and neat.

the accubrush xt or mt would make great gifts for any painters you may know--amateur or professional.



 

about.com
lee wallender, reviewer












 



“check out the accubrush.” 




if you're looking for an alternative to taping up an entire room before painting, check out the accubrush. it's designed to make cutting in edges quicker and easier.

the accubrush rolls like a roller but cuts like a brush. the no-smear shield keeps paint off the surfaces that you don't want to get painted. and to get into the corners between the ceiling and the wall, you can mount the swivel handle on a pole to give you the reach.

nobody says painting has to be fun. but with the accubrush, it doesn't have to be time-consuming either.



 

diy network cool tools
chris grundy, host












 



rachael ray show 



“cuts in beautifully” 




when you paint, one of the toughest things is to get a really clean line. and it takes forever.

so, i have here a product which is called the accubrush. and this will help you cut around doors, window frames really quickly, what works incredibly well is this beautiful little brush here.

you have to hold it flat against the wall. and it does end up cutting in really beautifully.



 

rachael ray show
peter walsh, tool expert








 



accubrush was a bestcovery “best pick” 






















accubrush combines the speed of a roller with the accuracy of a paint brush 







 



speed of a roller 



our system uses a standard 4″ roller which holds a lot of paint, which is then rolled on the wall. 






 
you can quickly and easily cut in a 4"-wide band of paint along the edge of the wall.   this makes it easy when coming back to roll out the middle of the wall with your 9" roller. 



 
you can edge 5 to 8 feet between reloading the roller - much farther than with a sash brush. 



 
you get a nice rolled texture all the way to the edge of the wall, unlike with a paint pad. 



 
you can use the roller to easily "feather out" the edge of the band to avoid "picture framing," which is a thick band of paint around the edge of the wall, commonly seen with paint pads.



 
rollers are washable and reusable.










 



accuracy of a paint brush 



our system uses a small, precisely engineered brush to take the paint the the roller has left and move it right up the very edge of the wall, providing a very sharp, precise cut-in line.   you do not need to load the brush separately with paint.  






 
the edger automatically holds the brush at the exact right distance from the wall to ensure that you get paint up the very edge of the wall but do not get any on the trim. 



 
the holder is adjustable to accomodate ceilings, doors and windows with caulked edges, as well as textures such as knockdown and orange peel. 



 
brushes are washable and reusable.














watch the brush in action: 



 







 



no-smear shield 



a specially-designed shield keeps paint from getting onto the trim or ceiling.  






 
no paint gets on trim or ceiling



 
cut-in an entire room before having to clean paint off the edger shield.



 
not having to apply masking tape can save hours of work. 



 
you will save money by not having to buy as much masking tape.





















next: products and pricing
































accubrush website terms of service




privacy policy

































