







rochester industrial control, inc.



















315.524.4555










 toggle navigation    




home (current)
 about us

about ric

what we do



products & services 

harnesses & cables

over-molded cables

boxes & panels


high voltage cables

engineering & design



apply now
customers
contact us










 














     moving the agriculture & environmental industries forward 
         with custom cables, harnesses, and control boxes
      




  moving industry forward 
with custom control panels, cables & harnesses

      




         moving the medical industry forward 
with custom cables & harnesses

      



  
moving the oil & fuel industries forward  
with custom engine control panels & harnesses, and overmolded cables
      




     moving the transportation industry forward 
with power distribution units, control boxes & high voltage cable assemblies – hybrid & full electric

      





previous



next






welcome to 
rochester industrial control, inc.
founded in 1967, rochester industrial control, inc. is committed to be the prime supplier of all items necessary for the electrification of the transportation industry; high voltage cables for hybrids and all electric, low voltage engine control harnesses and electro-mechanical box builds.
rochester industrial control, inc. is known as a company truly dedicated to continually exceeding our customers’ expectations by providing rapid response, proactive engineering, quality assurance, demand management and total cost control.


we are celebrating 50 successful years in business and continue to work with customers we have had since day one.  the many referrals we have received from our satisfied customers have provided continuous growth for rochester industrial control, inc.  we would like share our experience and technologies to move forward with you.  contact us today!


















harness & cable assemblies







over-molded cable assemblies







high voltage hybrid cable assemblies







box builds: electrical boxes, cabinets, chassis












integrated electronic assemblies







engineering







electrical/mechanical prototypes







testing & test fixtures













ultrasonic welding







on & off-site tech support














 
 

rochester industrial control, inc.
6400 furnace road 
ontario, ny 14519
phone: 315.524.4555




powered by: webwah!



contact us


please fill out form below forimmediate response















leave this field blank:







submit












