



lorraine electronics surveillance spy shop in london uk, specialists in surveillance equipment, tracking device, hidden camera, spy equipment, spy cameras, spy cams, spy toys, spy camera london, spy gadgets, bugging and tracking equipment. as featured on channel 4 news.














  



lorraine electronics 




 about us orders contact faqs home 








 interactive

 




 
 follow 
                  us on facebook
 @spy_shop_london
 watch 
                  us on bbc & c4 news
 need 
                  help
 planned closures


 categories

 







 catalogue
 listening and tracking
 sound recording systems
 counter surveillance
 audio & video systems
 personal audio/video
 vehicle camera systems
 hidden camera systems
 capture camera systems

 recycling with us






 call back service (?) 
















 


please include your full uk phone number including the area code. 
                 



  name:



 email:



 phone:



 
please indicate which is the best time to call you: 
                        


 morning 


 afternoon 
                              

 anytime 
                              













 








 


  




each product type has been carefully 
                selected to be the finest of its kind and because we never compromise 
                on quality, its unnecessary for us to offer a bewildering range 
                of options. prices are subject to vat and shipping if applicable

whatever your reason for needing equipment, your privacy is guaranteed.



transmission equipment supplied by lorraine electronics is compliant with current european, american and canadian regulations.

we protect your legal position. please read our legal notice. 



 
our showroom is 
          open 6 days a week click here for address




buymore-info 
 gsm/gps 
                engine - mbb2,mbb3,mbb4,mbb5 magnetic tracker
after concealing mbb inside or outside a vehicle or even about somebody's person - you'll be able to identify the device's exact location and 'listen in'.

 

 

buymore-info 
 personal digital recording system - pdr
this recorder has been re-engineered and enhanced to enable it to be used for surveillance purposes. 


 

buymore-info 
 rfd4 bug detector 
this excellent product provides three separate and essential means of detection.



 
buymore-info 
 mini digital video recording systems
we have a range of very small cameras and recorders that can be concealed in rooms/vehicles and objects easily.

 
 
 




buymore-info 
 listening bugs
conceal these listening bugs inside a room/vehicle 
                or even about somebody's person - you'll be able to 'listen-in' 
                to know whats going on.
 

 

buymore-info 
 bodyworn button camera system
this system is ideal for mystery shoppers and 
                people that simply want to gather evidence in meetings or face-to-face 
                conversations.


 


buymore-info 
 spy watches, pens, glasses and keyrings
we have a section full of spy equipment for 
                those that have an interest in gadgets or require a gift.



 
buymore-info 
 wifi hidden cameras
we have a range of hidden camera systems with wifi such as clocks or tissue boxes. this allows you to remotely view your hidden camera from anywhere in the world using your smartphone. we can also custom build hidden wifi cameras to suit your environment. click below to see our range 



 
 




buymore-info 
 picture frame with hidden camera
this normal looking picture 
                frame has a hd camera with audio and can record for weeks (depending 
                on movement). it also features night vision which is invisible. 
                this picture frame is also very thin
 

 
buymore-info 
 bluetooth speaker hidden camera
the first of its kind. cleverly concealed in 
                this normal working bluetooth speaker is a rotatable hidden camera 
                which can be controlled by your phone.





buymore-info 
  
                totally wireless wifi camera range
we have 3 types of totally wireless cameras. 
                doorbell, nightlight or cctv camera. these systems do not need 
                any special installation and can be viewed on your smartphone 
                from any distance. these systems will also see in pitch black 
                (night vision) and can record on motion sensor.




buymore-info 
 covert landline recorder
this small box looks like a normal adsl filter. however this is actually a covert landline recorder. it will record every incoming/outcoming telephone conversations with the time and date stamp without anyone realising. the system draws power from the landline cable to keep the unit charged.



 





buymore-info 
 radio/bluetooth clock hidden camera
excellent to leave behind 
                in a room/office/bedroom or care home. this device can record 
                sound and video on motion sensor in full hd. the device also features 
                night vision. this will still work as a normal fm radio clock or bluetooth speaker and has a normal alarm clock. 
                micro sd (up to 128gb) required. can view from smartphone (android or iphone). 
 

 
buymore-info 
 hidden camera smoke detector 
fantastic for rooms with 
                minimum furniture or neatly laid out rooms. this smoke detector 
                has a wide angle hidden camera with night vision and wifi - you 
                can view this camera from an unlimited distance on your smart 
                phone and it can also record on motion.





buymore-info 
 
powerbank/wireless charger hidden camera
conceal this self-contained 
                camera in between books, on a table, in a garage or areas with no power. 
                this camera can record hd video and sound on movement sensor up 
                to 2 weeks (depending on use/motion) no wifi required. it also features 
                night vision. it will also work as a normal powerbank/wireless charger




buymore-info 
  
                air purifier with hidden camera
this is excellent to leave on a table, in a room/office. this air purifier will work as a normal purifier (hepa filter) but
				has a hd hidden camera with nightvision and microphone. you will be able to monitor 24/7 without anybody realising that this is a hidden camera.
				you can watch this on your smartphone (android or ios) from any distance 








resourceshidden cameraswe have a range of hidden cameras available from stock. they are highly effective as security systems and we can conceal these in many everyday objects. some of our clients prefer to bring in devices of their own for us to install hidden camera systems, such as dvd players, fans, cd players, radios etc. in addition to surveillance - we also have counter surveillance product that can find hidden cameras regardless as to whether they are operating or not.surveillance equipment we have many different types of surveillance equipment such as hidden cameras, cctv, tracking devices, recording products and more. our surveillance equipment is often configured to a customer's requirement allowing us to offer the most practical and economic solution for a specific problem. they are effective, simple and easy to use. we build our surveillance equipment to a very high standard and supply many agencies and government bodies. all of our products are supplied with one year's warranty, simple instructions and excellent service after the warranty period. we are happy to spend time with you at our showroom to ensure you can use our products efficiently.tracking devicea tracking device can be used to track assets and vehicles that are prone to being lost or stolen. mambo is our most accurate and reliable tracking device and is accurate to two metres. mambo is very intelligent and can be programmed to requirements. for example you can see where mambo is by using free google maps thus eliminating the need for special software, contracts, registrations or fees. it can also be programmed to show its position on your pda and sat nav. the mambo can be controlled remotely from any distance using a mobile phone. the tracking device also has a listening function allowing you to listen-in to the environment wherever it may be placed. its internal microphone can pick up sound 30 feet all round.


close the resources









 
copyright © 2025 lorraine electronics the spy shop vat no: 144 9470 94



 web design by quanrel














