









great family newsletters










here's what's new!read what frances bond hodge has to say about her experience with her family newsletter--click heregenealogy news--click here or see belowmailing list--click here or see below


























great family newsletters


great family newsletters








genealogists, family historians, and family communicators--come on in and make yourselves at home...





want more great ideas on publishing great family newsletters? click on the picture to the left to see the book, absolutely family! a guide to editing and publishing a family newsletter.














to


newswe have recently replaced our newsboard with one which is better functioning. since genealogy is a frequent topic of family newsletters, check to see the latest news in genealogy by...clicking here


this is the place to explore and learn all you can about family newsletters--why we have them and how we make them. this is where you can share with each other all the fantastic ideas you have for improving your newsletters and where you can encourage each other in getting that next issue out. 


big plans!we are continually building this site. we are constructing tutorial pages to give you a boost in your family publishing projects. we hope to cover topics such as how to constuct a family newsletter, and an overview of electronic family newsletters. check back often to see what's new. in the meantime, please leave us a message to let us know what topics you would like help with in family newsletter publishing.








copyright 2000 - 2003. all rights reserved.











message boardclick here to go to a message board to post your questions, comments and ideas about family newsletter publishing.











 


 









~~~~~do you have a family newsletter? if so, register it at the family newsletter registry web site, so your family's publication can be found by family members all over the world. click here~~~~~


home


tutorial #1why family newsletters


why family newsletters(page 2)


tutorial #2family history tool


family history tool(page 2)


reader response


message board


newsletter links


topics covered so farhere are the topics we have covered so far in our tutorials:











vote for this site!to show your support for what we are providing on this site, vote for us on any or all of the top sites lists below. just click on the text or button--your vote will make us more visible to others who are searching these lists for a good genealogy site. thanks for your support!





mailing listif you would like to be notified of significant updates and additions to this web site, sign up for our announcement mailing list by...clicking here





why family newsletters?   * communication facilitator--the details   * family pride--positive family image   * the paper trail   * a family history tool   * summarya family history tool   * genealogical recording and reporting   * story gathering and reporting   * an urgency to your work.












the genealogy register



ancestral findings top sites






this web site has had10,000+...


...wonderful visitors!


 











