

long beach resort in panama city beach, florida











10511 front beach road 
        panama city beach, fl 32407
 


 book 
              online or call toll free:
1-800-725-gulf










long 
                        beach resort
10511 front beach road  
panama city beach, fl 32407 


long 
                        beach resort, panama city beach
                        rising among the dunes that separate florida's panhandle 
                        from the shimmering waters of the gulf of mexico, long 
                        beach resort is a truly unique destination. its luxurious 
                        suites and private amenities create an unexpected relaxing 
                        retreat, while its location puts visitors moments away 
                        from the hustle and bustle of panama city beach, one of 
                        the state's most popular vacation spots. 
at 
                        sea 
                        level, both the ocean and long beach resort's tropical 
                        lagoon pool serve to cool guests 
                        off after a day 
                        of sunbathing on 
                        the 
                        pristine beach, while two all-weather tennis courts provide 
                        a more energetic form of recreation. those 
                        with an appetite will enjoy the poolside dining at the 
                        hangout, where a variety of sandwiches, 
                        snacks and beverages 
                        are available throughout the day. and, at the end of the 
                        day, guests are invited to spend the evening in the warm 
                        waters of the seasonally heated polynesian pools and whirlpool 
                        spas. it's a fitting end to such a relaxing vacation, 
                        and it's just what you can 
                        expect at long beach resort.
 inside 
                        the 14-story towers that make up long beach resort, charming 
                        one, two- and three bedroom condos allow guests the comforts 
                        of home, including a complete kitchen, spacious living 
                        room and marble appointments in each bath. in addition, 
                        every bedroom, 
                        dining room and living room at long beach resort overlooks 
                        the gulf, with sweeping balconies that bring guests front 
                        and center for some of florida's most breathtaking sunsets.


                        property information:
minimum age rental requirement: 25 yrs old
                        check in time: 4pm central
                        check out time: 10am central

directions: long 
                        beach resort - 10511 front beach road, panama city, fl 
                        - from highway 98 east, take the 30d exit and go south. 
                        at long beach road, take a left and follow the road for 
                        approximately 0.5 miles to long beach resort. 
 



 



 book 
                online or call toll free:
1-800-725-gulf





 





guests who like long beach resort also like:

edgewater 
          beach resort 
click 
          below to return to:

panama city beach condos 
          | panama city beach | panama 
          city beach hotels





 






