

home | city of kingman














































































skip to contentonline bill paysite searchsearch sitecity of kingmana great place to landonline bill paysite searchsearch siteexploreexploretranslateexploretranslatecommunity  show submenu for community community dininglodgingrv parksevent spacearea attractions parks & culture churcheslocal organization linkslist of local rentalscity of kingman comprehensive development plan services  show submenu for services services airport public transportation walnut hill cemetery building & zoning adamisc available servicesgovernment  show submenu for government government contact the city city commissioncity office staffcity manager city attorney city boardscity ordinances municipal court job openings  meeting minutes utilities  show submenu for utilities utilities utilities information utilities staffhistory of kingman utilitiessafety show submenu for safetysafetypolice department fire department emergency medical serviceseco devoeco devomore show submenu for skip galleryend of gallerytravel guidenew resident infodocumentsformspreliminary agendacalendaraboutkingman is experiencing a wave of progress sweeping across the city. the beautiful downtown district is experiencing a true renaissance with older buildings coming back to life with new and exciting shopping and dining experiences. kingman has recently completed a comprehensive development plan for the next 20 years to set goals and objectives for its continued vitality. along with those plans is a new park master plan to further enhance and expand the quality of life that kingman can provide. there is a renewed sense of pride and involvement that has spread community wide as residents are taking true ownership and helping transform kingman into a true jewel on the ninnescah river. we are proud of our community and embrace each opportunity to share what kingman has to offer. kingman, it is a great place to land and we invite you to find your landing place with us.city of kingmankudos awardscommissioner adrian harrel presented aric and brianna hook the kingman kudos award for their contributions to the community. currently, they are working on renovations downtown to add more living spaces as well as operate multiple businesses downtown. december 2024commissioner merlin mcfarland awards the december kudos award to anita drake and the kingman county council on aging. the agency provides a wide range of outstanding services from transportation, friendship meals, and assistance for kingman seniors. december 2024the city congratulates dr. dean langley as the october, 2024, recipient of the kingman kudos award.  city commissioner jon wollen presented the award at the city commission meeting on october 24, 2024.  october 2024the city congratulates city clerk cindy conrardy as the august, 2023, recipient of the kingman kudos award.  vice mayor sean wallace presented the award on november 30, 2023, at the retirement party.august 2023the city congratulates kingman community theatre association as the june, 2023, recipient of the kingman kudos award.  mayor adrian harrel presented the award on august 24, 2023.  accepting the award for the organization was deena lampe and the theatre board.june 2023the city congratulates kingman county core community as the april, 2023, recipient of the kingman kudos award.  commissioner merlin mcfarland presented the award on may 11, 2023.  accepting the award for the organization was sharon james and amanda naillieux.  april 2023congratulations to lance dixon, owner of dixon’s hardware, as the february, 2023, recipient of the kingman kudos award.  on march 9, 2023, commissioner stan hacker presented the award to lance.  february 2023congratulations to the kingman high school football team as the latest recipient of the kingman kudos award.  on december 22, 2022, commissioner jon wollen presented the award to members of the football team for their outstanding season. december 2022download our appfind uscity of kingman  324 north main st.  kingman, kansas 67068number: (620) 532-3111  fax: (620) 532-2147  email: graffman@cityofkingman.comoffice hours: mon-thurs. 7:30 am - 5:30 pm, fri - 7:30 am- 11:30 amcontact uscareerscopyright © 2025 city of kingman. all rights reserved.powered by apptegy visit us to learn more

