



abc design services - heraldry, logos & seals- www.abcgraphic.com


abc heraldry & design - www.abcgraphic.com















































creating unique  identities for discerning and distinguished individuals and organizations.
          specialists in bishop seals, church logos & organizational emblems.


 











 
church crests & logos





 

                      every fellowship, organization and prestigious individual deserves a unique and defining symbol that represents their collective vision. abc has become the preferred choice in creating unique and distinguished logos & symbolic icons for those who look for  skill-full artistry and the finest craftsmanship with a sensitivity to the correct symbolic imagery to capture the unique vision of each ministry or collaboration


 


 







 
seal of the bishop





 

the official seal of the bishop or bishop's seal is a unique and distinguished symbol of the prestigious office of a bishop. for more than a decade abc has been creating personalized emblems for an elite and selective family of clients, using the finest symbolic imagery to communicate each individual's heritage and vision, these include numerous acclaimed bishops, arch bishops & apostles across the globe.
 


 







 
abc design services





 

as a compliment to our finely crafted crests & seals, we offer a broad range of additional design services.  from custom stationary to web site design, banners, brochures and consecration program design to motion graphics and animations. the same sensibility and mind set that makes abc the leader in creating custom crests and seals is applied to all our design services.
 













 
family coat of arms





 

the heritage of ones family can date back hundreds of years and is often immortalized in the form of a heraldic crest. have abc research and recreate your families crest.


 
 
 
 


 







 
symbol meanings





 

unsure of which symbols best reflect your ideologies? find out more about symbols their meaning and explanations by searching our list.


 
 


 







 
additional info





 

immediate assistance 
call 1800 434 1140

request a brochure here



 

                            special offers
 


 
receive updates on special offers and promotions, leave us your email address.











 


 






 





follow us on  
for immediate assistance or inquiries please contact us or call 1.800.434.1140 or 917.836.0016

 
 

about abc | crests & seals | design services | web development | motion | contact abc

2010 © baceworks
 




