



	
    pecos river 
     |  
    pecos river wpp implementation program
  

















texas a&m agrilife research
texas a&m agrilife extension service
college of agriculture and life sciences









search this site





        
  search not helping? send us a message at twri@tamu.edu or tweet @txwri.

      






pecos river wpp implementation program




about

meetings


surface water data


bmps


media


reports & newsletters


contacts


links


map









the pecos river - historically, biologically, hydrologically and economically - is important to the future of the entire pecos river basin and the rio grande. the pecos provides approximately 9.5 percent of the annual inflows to the international amistad reservoir, a major source of drinking and irrigation waters for the lower rio grande valley and its millions of residents. however, the river also contributes an estimated 26 percent of salt loading to the reservoir annually, periodically causing salinity levels to approach the maximum drinking water standard.
the pecos river winds more than 800 miles through semi-arid and arid landscapes of eastern new mexico and west texas and is crucial to many communities, mainly for irrigation, recreational and environmental use and recharging underlying aquifers.
the pecos was once a critical source of water in the trans-pecos region of the state, providing early settlers with abundant water to irrigate crops and water livestock. today, the river's flow has dwindled to a trickle in some areas, its salinity is so high that its use for irrigation and livestock watering is limited in many instances, and dissolved oxygen (do) levels in portions of the river do not meet texas' water quality standards. the reduced quality and quantity has also harmed the river basin's biodiversity.
through the watershed protection plan development for the pecos river project, a watershed protection plan (wpp) was developed that addresses watershed concerns, impairments and resource management issues. the wpp was developed using scientific data gathered throughout the course of the project along with information and guidance from watershed landowners. the wpp was completed and distributed to watershed landowners in december 2009. concurrently, two separate projects were initiated to implement portions of the pecos wpp.
  




download the watershed protection plan for the pecos river in texas


in the news


two invasive brush species focus of aug. 7 webinar 
agrilife today, july 31, 2014


pecos valley farm and ranch seminar slated for april 22 in monahans 
agrilife today, march 19, 2014


culberson county sets ag expo for march 21 
agrilife today, march 12, 2014


agrilife extension unveils new feral hog management app 
agrilife today, march 7, 2014



more information

project work plan
project tasks

project fact sheet


other projects

pecos river ecosystem project
pecos river basin assessment program










texas water resources institute


    	578 john kimbrough blvd.
		2260 tamu
		college station, tx 77843
    

    phone: 979.845.1851  fax: 979.845.0662  email: twri@tamu.edu












  twri and the texas a&m natural resources institute are working together to foster and communicate research and educational outreach programs focused on water and natural resources science and management issues in texas and beyond.
  











compact with texans
privacy and security
accessibility policy
state link policy
statewide search
veterans benefits
military families
risk, fraud & misconduct hotline
texas homeland security
texas veteran's portal
equal opportunity for educational programs statement
open records/public information



      © 2025 all rights reserved. 
      
  problem with this page? contact: twri-webmaster@tamu.edu





sso
canopy




back to top


