







































bondholder information













          skip to main content
        

          skip to secondary navigation
        

stanford university (link is external)







stanford

 
bondholder information





search this site

submit search



menu
homefinancialsannual reportsarchivedebt service scheduleform 990securitiesdebt instrumentsofficial statements/offering memorandumscredit ratingsenvironmental, social, governance (esg)bankersannual disclosure reportbudget plansbudget plans archivenews archiveabout usabout stanford universityabout fmsbondholder faqshospitalscontact us



     bondholder information
    

















main content start



 




this site provides information for bondholders and the stanford community.





 






 













featured news
annual financial report fy24
stanford’s board of trustees met and approved the annual financial report, which reports the financial results for the fiscal year that ended aug. 31 for the university and its hospitals.


            read the report
          








 



recent news











 















  stanford sets 2025-26 tuition rates



february 13, 2025


        the stanford board of trustees set tuition rates for the 2025-26 academic year at the board’s winter meeting.
      
university affairs








 















  jane a. lauder elected to stanford board of trustees



january 22, 2025


        new trustee jane a. lauder, who earned her undergraduate degree from stanford in 1995, is also a current board member of estée lauder companies.
      
university affairs








 















  lily sarafan elected chair of board of trustees



january 15, 2025


        a stanford graduate who co-founded and serves as executive chair of the senior in-home care provider thekey, sarafan will begin her term on july 1.
      
university affairs









news archive





 






 














financials
browse through stanford university’s annual reports, debt service schedule and tax forms.


            view financials information
          










 














securities
view information about stanford’s debt instruments, credit rankings, bankers and annual disclosure report.


            view securities information
          










 














budget plans
access the approved fiscal year budget plans published by the university budget office.


            view budget plans
          
















    back to top
  









stanford

 
bondholder information





address

this site is managed by:
office of the treasurer
485 broadway street, university hall
redwood city, ca 94063
united states



disclaimer


contact us





fingate


debt considerations


manage debt


types of university receipts


credit & debit card acceptance


international transactions




business offices


stanford management company


investment reports


office of development


land, buildings and real estate (lbre)





hospitalsstanford health carelucile packard children’s hospital at stanford








stanforduniversity (link is external)





stanford home (link is external)

maps & directions (link is external)

search stanford (link is external)

emergency info (link is external)



terms of use (link is external)

privacy (link is external)

copyright (link is external)

trademarks (link is external)

non-discrimination (link is external)

accessibility (link is external)




© stanford university.
  stanford, california 94305.



 






