






heidelberg | embl.org



























































embl heidelberg
embl's headquarters and main laboratory site supports research, services, advanced training, and technology development



news from heidelberg







      
      on this page
    

about embl heidelberg


research units


services and facilities


topics


seminars


job opportunities


contact and travel





embl heidelberg is the organisation’s main laboratory and serves as its headquarters
it is home to: the director general’s office and council secretariat; five research units; scientific services and core facilities; the embl international centre for advanced training (eicat), and;  central administration and support functions.
professor peer bork is the director of embl heidelberg. he is supported by the embl heidelberg director’s office.



administration
        




advanced training
        




history
        







research

cell biology and biophysics        

scientists in this unit use multidisciplinary approaches to investigate the molecular and biophysical mechanisms that enable cells to function.



developmental biology        

research in the developmental biology unit is focused on understanding the origin, development, and evolution of organisms and their communities.



directors' research        

the directors' research unit covers thematically distinct research groups, headed by embl and embo leadership.



genome biology        

the genome biology unit uses and develops cutting-edge methods to study how the information in our genome is regulated, processed, and utilised, and how its alteration leads to disease.



molecular systems biology        

the molecular systems biology unit investigates molecular structure, organization and function at a systematic level in and across cells.





services and facilities


research at embl is supported by the development of enabling technologies that are made available to the scientific community in its core facilities, eight of which are located at embl heidelberg. core facilities provide practical tools and expert advice for life scientists.






            advanced light microscopy
          



            chemical biology
          



            chemical synthesis
          



            electron microscopy
          



            embl imaging centre 
          




            flow cytometry
          







            genomics
          



            it services 
          



            metabolomics
          


            protein expression and purification
          



            proteomics
          








world of molecular biology
visit a vibrant, interactive permanent exhibition celebrating molecular biology with a focus on the work, people, and technologies of the european molecular biology laboratory
find out more





 topics

bioinformatics        

analysing data to unravel biological complexity



cells        

understanding how cells work and how they are organised



chemistry        

developing new drugs and tools to understand the chemistry of life



development        

how single cells give rise to complex organisms



disease models        

understanding the causes of disease to find new treatments



genomes        

how cells interpret the dna code to carry out biological functions



imaging        

cutting edge technology, zooming into life at the tiniest scales



mathematics and statistics        

mathematical analysis is crucial to the data-rich science of biology



physics and engineering        

enabling technology for a host of experimental methods



transversal research themes        

understanding life in the context of its environment



show more
show less





seminars








job opportunities from embl heidelberg










 contact and travel

accommodation        

embl hotel isg and guest houses provide accommodation for scientists and visitors to embl heidelberg.



travel        

embl heidelberg is a 10-15 minute drive from heidelberg's city centre and main station. during conferences embl arranges frequent bus transfers between embl and various stops around heidelberg.



contact
general enquiries email: info@embl.de phone: +49 6221 387-0 press email: media@embl.org



address
embl heidelberg meyerhofstraße 1 69117 heidelberg germany

















