


vicom : rf, general electronics and telecoms test equipment equipment and services 

















 















 


search products



 







 


 

login


register


 
shopping cart



cart:
0 items




 = 
$0.00




 



















menu



home


products


shop now


shop by product


shop by manufacturer




solutions


electromagnetic compatibility (emc) solutions


working with multi-fibre mpo connectors


internet of things (iot) solutions


education solutions


intelligent gps repeater systems


electrochemistry solutions




services


partners


resources


elearning courses


elearning presentations


webinars


manuals


application notes, eguides & tech briefs


white papers & research papers


reference guides, primers & handbooks


technical notes & installation guides


case studies


catalogues


download firmware




special offers


about


contact


 






 





 










we are moving!
 our melbourne office & calibration laboratory.
our new location will have upgraded facilities.
as of 24th june 2024, vicom australia melbourne office & calibration laboratory will be located at 1374 north road, oakleigh south vic 3167.
the calibration laboratory will be closed between 24th june and 1st of july 2024.

     stay connected through our socials.






 





subscribe to our mailing list
want to receive keep up to date with vicom and receive notifications about webinars, promotions events and more ?
sign me up




vicom events calendar
want to find out about what events, tradeshows, seminars and webinars are coming up at vicom ?
event calendar














products



service & support



solutions



events calendar



resources





 we service all of apac with offices located at





vicom australia
melbourne head office
level 1/1374 north rd,oakleigh south, vic 3167 australia

 


vicom australia
sydney regional office
2-22 lexington drive, bella vista nsw 2153

 


vicom new zealand
auckland office
60 grafton rd, auckland 1010





we proudly support








membership, accreditation & support
 






 our areas of expertise
 








general electronics
rf & microwave
optical & data networks


vicom's range of general electronics instruments - from digial multimeters and power supplies through to state-of-the-art oscilloscopes and signal generators - is second to none.
for more than 40 years vicom has been amongst the leaders in providing test equipment, training, service and components to satisfy local requirements for rf and microwave solutions.
fttx network architecture brings the power of fibre bandwidth closer and closer to subscribers' doorsteps and, with it, comes the ability to support triple-play services.







defence
telecoms test
avionics


for over 30 years vicom has proudly supported the australian defence forces. we strive to offer a broad range of innovative technologies and services to meet the unique needs of defence.
vicom delivers the optical. transport and datacom test technologies required to optimize network performance and customer experience.
innovative avionics test solutions used to design, manufacture, test and maintain commercial, private and military airborne electronic systems.







radiocomms
broadcast
research & development


covering wireless applications from hf, vhf, all the way to an industry first of 2.7 ghz we offer the most advanced radio test sets currently available. we lower test costs and protect your investment.
supporting the broadcast industry through all its developments vicom offers industry leading equipment from precision time servers to rf loads and attenuators.
no matter what the field of endeavour high performance oscilloscopes and analysers are the tool of choice for charactarising and analysing high speed signals.




 our partners


 
 
want to keep up to date with vicom & receive notifications about webinars, promotions, events and more? fill out your details below.
 













shop


my account


cart


log in


register


about shop


 

customer service


shipping & returns


terms & conditions


privacy policy


order history


my account


 


our company


about us


partners


products


services


contact us


 





contact us
vicom australia pty ltd.
level 1/1374 north rdoakleigh south vic 3167
email: sales@vicom.com.au
phone: 1300 360 251
abn: 69 005 120 409

 


 
  


© copyright 2025 vicom australia pty ltd.  













