


welcome to the colorado soaring association - colorado soaring association












colorado soaring association



welcome to csalearn about soaringscenic flight - fastcontact csaocgp weatherphoto albums




you are here: welcome to csa







search: 








ocgp schedulingscheduling policiestraining and beyondtraining & check-outstraining progressioncsa olc challengesailplane trackingflightbook.glidernet.orgglidertracker.orgglideandseek.comweglide.orgssf wing runner courseannual quizannual safety meetingweather & airspaceocgp weatherfront range raspkbou forecastaviation weather centermetar searchkcys kfnl metarnotam searchtfr list4co2 sounding1800wxbriefaircraft  & equipmentcsa sailplane dataszd 50-3 puchaczgrob g103 twin iils-4als-4a user guidesgs 1-26esgs 2-322-32 use policycsa simulatorpiper pawnee towplanesailplane winchother csa equipmentcsa operations at ocgptips for (new) memberscsa flight rulesocgp field proceeduresaccident response plang.o.d.winch operationswave operationscsa organization & informationcsa ratescsa facilities - ocgpfacilities shutdowncsa crew chiefscsa safety committieecsa corporate infocsa board minutescsa awardscsa historycsa membershipwhat am i getting into?tips for (new) membersinstructors & instructor  membershiptowpilots & towpilot membershipmembership applicationmember listsoaring linksssawebsite details and tipsrecently changedwebsite tipsmember data managemente-mail list managementnews archive




activities

news

news archive


march bod meeting


saturday march 8, 2025, 9:00 am ocgp clubhouse


		[more]
	



annual csaf business meeting


saturday march 29, 2025 5:00 pm at the ocgp clubhouse.


		[more]
	







welcome to the colorado soaring association

whether you are a seasoned pilot seeking a new experience or are new to the sport and curious about soaring, csa welcomes you to stop by and see what soaring is all about. come take a scenic flight with one of our certified pilots and experience firsthand the wonder of silent flight. you may also discover that no two flights are ever the same--the sky is always changing and mother nature is endlessly fickle.


about csa
the colorado soaring association (csa) is a club dedicated to learning about, pursuing and enjoying the sport of soaring. csa owns and operates , located about 15 miles north of fort collins, colorado. the gliderport is a club operation, and operating hours are generally weekends and holidays, with some weekday operations. csa offers scenic flights (rides), and flight training.
although you must be a dues-paying member to use the equipment and facilities, we provide scenic flights for the public. non-member pilots are welcome to bring their own gliders and take tows at non-member rates, subject to some restrictions.

soaring conditions at owl canyon gliderport
the soaring conditions at owl canyon gliderport are primarily thermal and convergence lift over the high plains, although excellent wave soaring is also accessible in our wave window. ridge lift is possible, but requires a transition to the mountains about 40 miles away. we fly 12 months a year, with the prime thermal season being april to september. april through june are characterized by unstable air and frontal passages -- sometimes too much of a good thing. july and august are usually dry months, but good soaring is sometimes shut down by monsoon flow or stagnant high pressure.
cross-country soaring opportunities are excellent, since the surrounding countryside is prairie and dry-land farming, with plenty of fallow fields. the field elevation at owl canyon is 5,540 feet msl.
duration flights of over five hours, altitudes over 17,000 feet, and distances over 300 km are all common in thermal conditions. in our wave window, one pilot has been over 40,000 feet.
 
 updated  02/15/2025  



© copyright 2009-2025 - colorado soaring association - all rights reserved.
           this site is powered by cms made simple version 2.2.21
        


