









central states archaeological societies main page



 
 
 
 
 




 





  




your javascript is disabled. you will not be
            able to fully use this web site.





 








the central states archaeological societies, inc. (csasi) is a non-profit
        501(c)(3) organization and has no paid officers or
        employees.
have a question or a problem? check the frequently
          asked questions for
        information on who to contact when, the csasi practices and other informative
          topics.

 our mission is to develop a better understanding among professional and non-professional collectors of archaeological material, students, museums and institutions of learning, and to further this understanding by providing a means of publishing articles of interest by both professional and amateur archaeologists.
with the help of members from state societies we publish the central states archaeological journal four times per year. (view selected journal articles)  see the current  calendar of events which includes show and state society meetings. 





click here to read  central
          states archaeological societies obituaries. click here to view stolen relic pages.
donate now to assist us in meeting our mission statement and receive a qualifying federal tax deduction. support from donors who value csas is essential to csas's long-term financial health and to the fulfillment of our mission. all of csas operating revenue come from state society membership and the sales of journals. some state societies will accept reproduction relic donations for a qualifying federal tax deduction.
 
  check out the csas book review and links
  to reference book dealers.

constitution and by-laws of the central states archaeological society
your central states archaeological journal is more
        than just a magazine, more than the leading archaeological publication
        in the united states. 
it is the voice of you -- the members. it is your means of reporting that important site or discovery that you have made. too often a great discovery is not reported and the information and history are lost forever. perhaps the piece you found might be the missing link that some professional archaeologist is looking for. it could be the direct tie-in to another report that is more important than you realize. use your journal by sending good clear photographs and reports to your editor-in-chief.
 



   
 





journals, logos and images on c.s.a.s.i. web site are copyrighted and can only be used for non commercial, educational purposes after obtaining permission. all rights reserved.

copyright ©  c.s.a.s.i.
a3rocks internet services




 
 



