



bev vincent | official website






























































bev vincent


official website

skip to content




skip to content

homeabout
books

flight or fright
stephen king: a complete exploration of his work, life, and influences
the road to the dark tower
stephen king: his life, work, and influences (young readers’ edition)
the illustrated stephen king trivia book
the dark tower companion
cemetery dance select
dissonant harmonies
when the night comes down
the good, the bad and the ugly
stephen king revisited
the stephen king illustrated companion
the ogilvy affair


message board
fiction
non-fiction

fearnet

pardon my french: sale gosse
you can’t kill stephen king
under the dome: from book to screen
enhanced ebooks
comicpalooza’s dollar baby film festival
room 237: sometimes a cigar is a moon rocket
faces in the crowd
ghost brothers of darkland county ii: review
ghost brothers of darkland county i: the long road to atlanta
carrie on
bag of bones review
a doorway to 1963
playing tag with death: mick garris on bag of bones
whatever happened to danny torrance?
king of ebooks


interviews
news from the dead zone
scientific articles
stephen king revisited
storytellers unplugged

2005

who’s yo editor?
stop me before i revise again
lead me not into temptation
whatcha gonna do when they come for you?
crystallization
the end


2006

i have an idea
will you read my book?
death and taxes
rolling with the punches
what an agent can do for you
i’m glad you asked me that
what an editor can do for you
storytellers . . . unplugged
3000 words about the peloponnesian war
nano redux
writing on a budget


2007

the value of time off
anatomy of a short story
using my common senses
take a trip—and never leave the farm
pushing a rope
why go to conventions?
are critique groups worthwhile?
it’s hard to tell the truth
for love or money
the company we keep: guilt by association


2008

you won’t believe what happened next
the days passed, the nights passed
the sketch artist
why write short stories?
let me be brief
the suspense is killing me
roots
publishing . . . and publishing well
a story’s intent
tracking submissions
the doldrums
telling the truth for fun and profit


2009

too many words
book packagers
saying yes
copy editors
telling stories
adventures in reading
apparently i write like a girl
dog days of summer
what i did on my summer vacation
genre bender
location, location, location
alternate reality


2010

aspiring writers
going for the gold
the book launch
the agent panel
lost in translation
the tangled web we weave
gap year(s)
why digital publishing didn’t catch on 10 years ago–and why it might now.
how far would you go for a critique?
ch-ch-ch-changes
contests? no contest.
write for the audience; write for yourself


2011

potpourri
a taxing situation
writing through it
rejection, rejection, rejection…acceptance! rejection, rejection…
reading slush
are you ready? well, then, let’s begin.
there are cons…and then there’s necon
is anybody out there?
words count
answering questions from an aspiring writer
asking questions
promotional consideration


2012

the day job
prepare to be boarded
famous people
asking questions or getting answers?
desperation and impatience
where did that story come from?
the illustrious man
writing in my head
what they do and what they say
once upon a time, but not happily ever after
taking care of the laundry
not the time to rewrite your text


2013

we’re all doing our best
social media
the strangest time
saying no
bartleby and me
a writer, not a seller
reprint: why go to conventions?
nil illegitimi carborundum
reading out loud
maybe i could’ve been a rock star
soap gets in your eyes
the end




miscellaneous

a day in the life of bev vincent
what does it take to write a novel?




book reviews

overview
twenty-first century king
cemetery dance
dead reckonings
hellnotes

hellnotes review: a winter haunting


mystery ink
conroe courier


interviews

interviews

cd weekly
cold coffee
dark discoveries
deep blue journal interview
gothic.net interview
linear reflections interview
mike ramsden interview
writer’s online interview


stephen king biography
meister des grauens


gotham cafe
praise
links

uncollected stephen king short stories


store
contact




 


← older posts



book review: absolution by jeff vandermeer

posted on december 22, 2024 by bev vincent


ten years ago, jeff vandermeer released a trilogy known collectively as the southern reach or area x novels. a mysterious, mostly impermeable boundary isolated a stretch of the gulf coast, killing almost everyone within its confines. the region was called area x and the southern reach was a government agency created to keep the nature of the region hidden from the world at large and to determine its nature. those books detailed various exploratory missions into this topsy-turvy region without getting to the bottom of what has happening there. 
now, vandermeer returns with a longer book that is both prequel and something of a sequel. it has three distinctly different sections, so it is in some ways a trilogy. most of the book is told from the point of view of a former spy who goes by old jim, although it’s not clear even to him what his real name is. twenty years before the barrier appeared, he was asked to try to get a handle on an existential threat in the region, although his bosses at control are stingy with information. he practically has to beg for things he believes will help him understand the situation. his handlers suspect foreign interference, but how foreign? soviets? aliens? something from another dimension?
old jim works undercover as the owner of the only bar in a mostly abandoned town in the vicinity of a team of field biologists who tempt fate by meddling with the local ecosystem. subsequently, these scientists make some fascinating and disturbing discoveries that indicate that the region that will become area x was already shifting into a strange realm. they’re haunted by strange music and discover swarms of carnivorous rabbits equipped with cameras. perhaps the place has always been altering, under the influence of some chaotic force, and the appearance of the border was only its announcement to the world.
in the second section, old jim is assigned an assistant “named” cass who, at times, pretends to be his estranged daughter, even though no one is fooled by the ruse. given area x’s subsequently discovered proclivity for creating doppelgangers, the government’s actions here are ironic. the biologist’s experiments have caused—or, perhaps, accelerated—changes in the local ecosystem, and pseudo-cass is there to help old jim, whether he likes it or not. this section leads to an explosive finale that puts an end to old jim’s investigation.
the book’s focus abruptly shifts in the final section to a foul-mouthed and drug-addled man named lowry (previously seen in acceptance) who is part of the first expedition into area x four months after the border materialized, an expedition that readers of annihilation will recall as a full-blown disaster, with only one person returning to the other side in possession of some deeply disturbing video footage. lowry’s prime directive is to find the hypothetical “off switch” that will disable the barricade. upon his return, lowry was seen to be a terribly unlikable character. here, we learn that he was equally loathsome before embarking on the expedition. his stream-of-consciousness pervasive use of the word “fuck” in all of its various forms can be off-putting, making the final part of the novel difficult to process.
of course there are no answers, but absolution provides a new way of looking at area x. it’s not a necessary part of the southern reach series, but it is a welcome addition to the mythos for people who appreciated the mystifying and disturbing nature of the previous three books.



leave a comment



book review: midnight and blue by ian rankin

posted on december 22, 2024 by bev vincent


former inspector john rebus finds himself in the same place where he put so many other people he investigated: her (or is it his?) majesty’s prison edinburgh. he’s been found guilty of attempted murder in the death of his longtime nemesis, big ger cafferty. although he’s been sentenced to life (which may not be long given his advanced age and health issues), his lawyers promise they’ll be able to successfully appeal his conviction, but they have been strangely and frustratingly incommunicative lately.
rebus isn’t safe from crime behind bars, though; no one is. another prisoner on his block is murdered after lights out, stabbed to death while his cellmate slept the sleep of the heavily drugged in an apparently locked cell. the murder weapon is nowhere to be found. suspicion immediately falls on the prison guards. who else would have been able to avoid the cameras and enter the cell and smuggle out the knife? when rebus’s former colleagues arrive to investigate, he does his best to insinuate himself into the case, and ds christine esson is happy to have someone on the inside to help explain the lay of the land.
out in the real world, rebus’s former protégée, di siobhan clarke, is working the case of a missing 14-year-old girl who has gotten herself wrapped up in the world of online pornography and exploitation. the third player in the novel is malcolm fox, who was once the lead in another rankin novel but has more recently been relegated to the supporting cast. in his more recent appearances, fox has become shiftier and less likable. the latest black mark on his career is that he recruited siobhan to join his team in professional standards and she left quickly after discovering what it was like to work with him.
there’s a connection between fox, now in organized crime, and the murdered prisoner that fox would be happy to keep quiet. fox had jackie simpson break in somewhere so he could use the subsequent investigation as an excuse to search a place that would otherwise have been off limits. his constant failure to reveal crucial details about both investigations will come back to bite him.
one of rebus’s fellow prisoners, darryl christie, sees himself as cafferty’s replacement. as a token of thanks to rebus for getting the former kingpin out of the way, whether deliberately or not, christie vouches for rebus’s safety in hmp edinburgh, an important consideration now that rebus is out of isolation and in general population, where a few other prisoners wouldn’t mind doing him harm. rebus also has an uneasy alliance with the prison guards and warden. in the past, they were both on the same side of the law, so they’re willing to provide rebus with information, except when it seems like he might be investigating them.
the murder case and the missing girl seem to be unrelated, but edinburgh is a small city and there’s a lot of overlap between its criminal population. soon the tangled web rankin has been weaving becomes clear. this is the twenty-fifth rebus adventure but hopefully not the last, as rebus’s future is still very much in question at the end of midnight and blue. there may be some life left in the old man yet.



leave a comment



2024 in review part ii: tv and movies

posted on december 22, 2024 by bev vincent


i watched 55 movies, including documentaries, this year (full list here), and will probably rack up a few more in the coming week. most of these were watched with my wife, although i watched some alone because they weren’t something that interested her. i only saw three of them in the theater; the rest were on streaming. most were films i watched for the first time, although there were several older movies that i saw for a second time.
in the documentary category, again, in the order in which we saw them rather than in any order of preference:

m*a*s*h: the comedy that changed television (hulu)
the greatest night in pop (netflix)
elton john & bernie taupin: the library of congress gershwin prize for popular song (pbs)
jim henson: the idea man (disney+)
brats (hulu)
the beach boys (disney+)
will & harper (netflix)
music by john williams (disney+)
beatles ’64 (disney+)
yacht rock: a dockumentary (max)
never too late (disney+)

for movies, here’s my top dozen, although there were a couple of others that might have made the list. i think i enjoyed longlegs more than many of my friends and barbie quite a bit less.

the holdovers (peacock)
oppenheimer (ondemand)
godzilla minus one (netflix)
kingdom of the planet of the apes (in theater)
hit man (netflix)
under paris (netflix)
fall guy (on demand)
longlegs (in theater)
a quiet place: day one (in theater)
wolfs (apple tv+)
my old ass (amazon)
the six triple eight (netflix)


television shows/streaming series is a lot harder to quantify. (see my full 2024 list here.) i watch a lot of them—some classic tv series like blue bloods, which just ended its 14-year run, for example. now that it’s on peacock, i went back and rewatched the first three seasons of homicide: life on the streets and will probably pick up more of that one in 2025. my wife and i also completed our rewatch of m*a*s*h, burning through seasons eight through eleven and wishing we could see them all over again. i’m still a sucker for survivor, watching two seasons this year. this just-completed season 47 was one of the best in recent years, especially the final run of episodes. i also rewatched all six seasons of longmire and the first three seasons of dexter. i haven’t dipped into the new dexter series but probably will before long. in preparation for the new season of severance, i tore through the first season last week.
there are a few series my wife likes to watch with me. this includes all creatures great and small, star trek: discovery, elsbeth, matlock, doctor who, the midnight club, the sticky.
it’s really hard to pare the list down to fifteen series that i really enjoyed, but here’s my best crack at it:

fargo s5 (hulu)
slow horses s1-4 (apple tv+)
lessons in chemistry (apple tv+)
true detective: night country (max)
shogun (hulu)
the gentlemen (netflix)
the responder s1, s2 (britbox)
bad monkey (apple tv+)
nobody wants this (netflix)
shrinking s2 (apple tv+)
the devil’s hour s1, s2 (amazon)
a man on the inside (netflix)
cross (amazon)
the diplomat s2 (netflix)
black doves (netflix)

that leaves out quite a few really good shows. such is the peril of making a list. i’d probably choose a few things differently if i made the selection tomorrow. tracker is surprisingly good although a little formulaic. season 1 of the tourist was pretty terrific; season 2 a little less so but still good. i’m a long-time criminal minds fan and glad to see that the characters can—and do—say “fuck” a lot. i get a lot of use out of my britbox subscription and always on the look out for a good british crime series. the jetty with jenna coleman was good. apple tv+ continues to put out the best series, in my opinion.
anyhow, that’s the wrap on 2024! see y’all next year. it’s bound to be…interesting. as in “chinese curse” interesting.



posted in uncategorized |
comments off on 2024 in review part ii: tv and movies



2024 in review part i: reading and writing

posted on december 21, 2024 by bev vincent


season’s greetings and happy holidays and all that! this is part one of my annual year-end review. as the title above suggests, this one is about writing/publishing and things i’ve read, which seem to go hand in hand. 
this year has been a pretty good one for writing projects. my latest book stephen king: his life, work, and influences (young readers’ edition) came out in september. as that title suggests, this one is geared toward teen readers who are beginning their journey into reading adult fiction. “a thrilling visual companion curated for young adults voraciously reading their way through stephen king’s colossal corpus of creepy books” that booklist called “catnip for king enthusiasts.”
i also had a chapbook called lost (or found) in translation from lividian publications come out the same month. in this one, i tracked down all the foreign editions of king’s books and collated the titles used for the translations, reverse-engineering them into english as best i could. françois vaillancourt contributed the chapbook’s cover, along with ten full-color interiors depicting what these king books would look like if he had been hired to illustrate the translated editions. 
i’ll have an essay called “high school confidential” in carrie’s legacy: revisiting stephen king’s girl with a frightening power, also from lividian publications, in the spring.
related to writing, i was interviewed a few times this year:

happy goat horror, september 22, 2024
i couldn’t throw it out podcast, july 7, 2024
kingsize: survivor type with matt robinson, march 18, 2024.
beyond horror: the enduring impact of stephen king: overnights — abc radio (january 12, 2024)

the second one was interesting in that it related to a 1984 people magazine interview with peter straub and stephen king about the talisman. the fourth one was with a radio station in australia which was done live during an overnight radio program, another first for me! and the first one was different in that it focused primarily on my short fiction, which was a nice change of pace.
regarding short fiction, the following stories appeared in 2024:

somebody’s watching, (i just) died in your arms: crime fiction inspired by one-hit wonders, volume i, january 2024
payback, the killing rain, april 2024
the voynich manuscript, mystery most international, april 2024
the heart that fed, about that snowy evening: stories inspired by classic poems, from emily dickinson to walt whitman and more, 2024.
houston, we have a problem, private dicks and disco balls, may 6, 2024
hank and the scorpion, road kill: texas horror https://amzn.to/404cwtpby texas writers 9, september 13, 2024
the fears of a clown, fear of clowns: a horror anthology, kangas kahn publishing, 2024
a tawny brown liveaboard, the amber waves of autumn, october 1, 2024
fairy bridges, wallstrait, october 11, 2024

i have a few more stories queued up for 2025. the most significant among them as far as i’m concerned is a little tale called “lockdown,” which will appear in the end of the world as we know it: tales of stephen king’s the stand, which will be published by gallery in the us and hodder and stoughton in the uk next august, together with a german edition from buchheim verlag in december.
other exciting news forthcoming for 2025, but i can’t say anything more about that yet.

i had a moderately good year reading, 37 books finished or will be finished very soon. (full list here, if you’re interested.) if you’ve been following me on these year-end posts for a while, you’ll know that i’m crap at making best-of/top-10 lists, but i can probably narrow the list down to a dozen in the order in which i read them (with a few links to the ones i reviewed).

horror movie by paul tremblay
you like it darker by stephen king
trust by hernan diaz
our missing hearts by celeste ng
i will ruin you by linwood barclay
house of bone and rain by gabino iglesias
moonbound by robin sloan
memorials by richard chizmar
the bang-bang sisters by rio youers
absolution: a southern reach novel by jeff vandermeer
midnight and blue by ian rankin
never flinch by stephen king




posted in uncategorized |
comments off on 2024 in review part i: reading and writing



book review: tooth and claw by craig johnson

posted on december 21, 2024 by bev vincent


the weather has not always been kind to sheriff walt longmire. his home turf of absaroka county, wyoming has brutal winters, and he’s been stranded in the desert for days on end as well. walt has also faced some human monsters in the past, but nothing compares to the beast in tooth and claw, a short longmire novel.
the novel is framed as a flashback story henry tells former sheriff lucian connally while he and walt join lucian for a game of chess and an illicit new years eve cookout at the durant home for assisted living. a chess maneuver known as “the polar bear system” inspires henry to relate an adventure that happened in december 1970, shortly after they returned from vietnam.
henry had traveled to the north slope of alaska, inside the arctic circle, to try to bring walt to his senses. walt is working as a security officer on an oil rig, drinking too much and avoiding making important decisions about his future, including what to do about his rocky relationship with a young woman named martha. henry joins walt on an outing to escort a us geological survey worker who is taking ice core samples looking for ice worms. they are accompanied by several other men and a sniper who mounts a hastily erected metal tower at each stop to protect the workers from polar bears, a task made all the more difficult by the abbreviated daylight hours and an oncoming storm.
there is a political battle over the region, which is protected against drilling, while the oil company wants to exploit the vast resources under the ice. the teams get split up and a massive polar bear starts stalking the workers. the malformed creature is reputed to be a nanurluk, a legendary bear god. it’s invincible, insatiable and kills for pleasure rather than sustenance.
the storm prevents them from leaving, but they fortuitously encounter another legend: a ghost ship that was abandoned four decades earlier. it’s the only place for them to weather the frigid temperatures and extreme conditions, but they’re not the only ones who seek refuge there on the longest night of the year.
the sense of cold and dread is pervasive in this novella. although survival is the dominant theme of the tale, it’s not without a crime aspect. the pacing is relentless and the adversary is one that walt and henry can’t negotiate with. they’re in its territory—it knows all the secret routes and their weapons are mostly ineffective against a creature that stands up to twelve feet tall.
of course, since the tale is told in flashback, readers know that at least henry and walt will survive, but it still makes for a harrowing and literally chilling adventure.



leave a comment



this is going to take a while

posted on november 17, 2024 by bev vincent


i joined twitter 15 years ago, about three years after the “microblogging” platform came into existence. in that time, i have tweeted (or retweeted) 326,000 times, liked nearly 300,000 posts, blocked 6700 accounts and muted 600 other. i acquired over 10,000 followers, making it my most successful social media platform by far. yesterday, i downloaded all of my data from the site (31 mb, including message conversations) and today i started the process of deleting everything. deletetweets has been running for well over an hour and it’s only removed 3000* tweets, so, this is going to take a while.
my new primary social is bluesky, where i’m @bevvincent.bsky.social. i joined that site when it was still invitation-only, but in the past week or so the site has exploded, adding a million new users a day, and my followers list is getting up there. still only a tenth of my twitter following, but it’s a work in progress. i’m also on threads as bev.vincent, but i haven’t figured out how to make that site work yet. if anyone has a newbie orientation video or site, that would be greatly appreciated.
today it’s raining, and i’m feeling quite smug about it. why? because i wanted to do some yard work this weekend in preparation for fall (mulch the leaves on the lawn, for example), and i actually did it yesterday, whereas today it would have been impossible. so, yay me for getting off my ass and getting it done.
last friday, i submitted a short story that i’ve been working on for a few weeks, off an on. my ability to focus on writing took a serious hit during late october/early november, and i made several false starts on this story. i knew what it was about, generally, but i didn’t know how to dig it up. i hand-wrote at least three different multi-page sections that i abandoned before finding my way in. ultimately, i was able to use several pieces of the early efforts, so all was not lost, and i was quite pleased by how it turned out. however, it was a crime story without an identifiable crime. something nefarious definitely happened, and two characters knew exactly what that was, but the detective didn’t, nor would readers, which the editor didn’t think would work in the anthology. the editor gave me the chance to take another stab at it, but i declined.
twenty years ago, i would probably have done it, so eager was i to get stories out there. however, in this case, having finally captured the story the way i felt it had to be told, it seemed that i would be untrue to the story to change it in that way. the editor understood when i decided to withdraw, and encouraged me to submit to future anthologies, so all was not lost. and i still have story. now i just have to figure out what to do with it.
more and more people are learning about the forthcoming anthology (august 2025) called the end of the world as we know it: new tales of stephen king’s the stand, which involves a few dozen writers contributing stories set in the universe of the stand. my story is called “lockdown,” part of the section that takes place during the events of the novel. some stories are set after the book ends (some long after!). it can’t wait to read everyone else’s contributions.

i made one of my rare trips into houston last month to meet up with richard chizmar and his wife at under the volcano before his signing at murder by the book, where he was paired with johnny compton. the chizmars and a couple they knew from the area and i also went out to dinner afterward, which was nice. the couple live in the same community i do, and she teaches at the same school my daughter attended back in the 90s—small world. it was nice to see rich—we have an ongoing dialog by text, but we only get together in person on rare occasions.
i picked up a few books while at the bookstore, including compton’s devil’s kill devils, which i haven’t started yet, but seems like good fun. i also got midnight and blue by ian rankin and death at the sign of the rook by kate atkinson, both of which i’m currently reading, the latter to my wife. we just finished the great hippopotamus hotel by alexander mccall smith (the latest in the no. 1 ladies’ detective agency series). i also read a galley of the folly by gemma amor and read most of the waiting by michael connelly, while waiting, ironically, for the event i participated in at the river oaks theater last month with daniel kraus, where we chatted before watching creepshow. the latter two books are reviewed at the respective hyperlinks.
after watching the documentary music by john williams on disney+, i remembered that i’d never seen e.t. the extra-terrestrial. ever. when it came out, i was an undergrad at dalhousie and it only played at a theater that was somewhat difficult to get to if you didn’t have a car, even though halifax had a very good bus system. for some reason, i never got around to watching it subsequently, although i knew the story and have seen countless snippets. i may even have read the novelization. anyway, we rectified that oversight finally, watching the film on amazon. it holds up quite well, but seeing those young, young actors…wow! we also watched my old ass on amazon, starring aubrey plaza. terrible name for a movie, but it’s really quite charming. it’s about an 18-year-old girl on the verge of leaving home (a cranberry farm) to go to university in toronto. high on mushrooms, she encounters her 39-year-old self (plaza) and they begin a weird kind of dialog over the course of the next several days or weeks. we liked it a lot.
last night, we watched the final episode of season 2 of the diplomat, and all i could say was “holy fuck” after the final twist. i knew something big was coming, but i had no idea what to expect, and i would never ever have guessed that. highly recommended. i also watched teacup (peacock), which is based on the robert mccammon novel stinger. it’s a pretty good sci-fi horror series, with some decent shocks and scares, but i was hoping for a better ending rather than a setup for a second season. it’s hard to say that i enjoyed disclaimer (apple tv+) because it’s a difficult, unsettling story. also, it’s told out of sequence, so it takes a while to piece together what’s happening when, and a lot of the story is based on a book written by a character who wasn’t present when the focal incident happened, and wasn’t able to talk to anyone who was there, so the viewer has to separate fact from fiction. it’s cate blanchet and sacha baron cohen (who plays her hangdog husband) with kevin kline, who is the “villain” of the piece. it’s definitely worth watching, but not if you’re feeling at all depressed—which a lot of us are these days, i fear. a good antidote to it is season 2 of shrinking, which is delightful and uplifting even when dealing with some harsh truths. seeing harrison ford do full-on comedy is worth the admission ticket by itself. 
*update — in the time it’s taken me to write this, deletetweets has deleted another 800 posts. this is definitely going to take a while.




posted in uncategorized |
comments off on this is going to take a while



book review: the folly by gemma amor

posted on october 26, 2024 by bev vincent


the inciting incident is reminiscent of the michael peterson case popularized on the netflix series the staircase. a woman falls to her death in the family home when the only other person present was her husband. was she pushed or was it an accident? a jury convicted owen of murder. his lone supporter is his daughter, morgan, who has campaigned relentlessly for his release. finally, the day comes when she picks him up from prison after he served six years of a fifteen year sentence, exonerated of the crime after an appeal and a second trial.
morgan, now forty-three, knows that popular opinion remains against her father, and she’s broke, so she sells the family home and finds a position for owen as caretaker of a multistory tower standing at the edge of a cliff overlooking the atlantic in cornwall. the house where her mother died has too much history for them to stay there any longer but their new home has its own baggage: the folly (a characteristically british term for a building that has little or no practical purpose) has a reputation for people—including a famous writer—either falling or jumping to their deaths.
in the folly, they will be mostly away from prying, suspicious eyes. morgan doesn’t mind the isolated location—the entire country has been in lockdown for the past couple of years due to the pandemic, following distancing regulations that are even more drastic than those in america. many businesses have shuttered and the familiar pub culture has vanished. the man who hires her father to tend to the folly—the job consists mostly of general upkeep and chasing off death tourists (as the trespassers are called)—arranges for regular food deliveries, so the duo doesn’t need to leave the premises.
it doesn’t help, though, that the folly’s central feature is a spiral staircase, a constant reminder of the way morgan’s mother died. morgan has steadfastly believed in her father’s innocence; however, now that they are forced to live together in close confines, cracks form in their relationship. complicating matters is the appearance of a mysterious stranger who seems to be channeling her mother’s spirit, provoking her to ask her father difficult questions. owen is so uncomfortable in this post-pandemic world that he floats the idea of committing another crime so he will be incarcerated again.
this is a brooding, atmospheric and claustrophobic novella, essentially a two-hander with an interloper who threatens to throw their precarious relationship off balance. morgan’s struggle with the past and the new present is the book’s focus, which amor handles deftly. as so many other gothic stories have demonstrated, isolation is not without peril. long-held secrets have a way of bubbling to the surface when people are trapped in moody, dark places.




posted in books |
leave a comment



book review: the waiting by michael connelly

posted on october 26, 2024 by bev vincent


for most detectives, losing their gun, badge and id would be humiliating, but for renée ballard, it could be a career-ending incident. she’s had enough run-ins with powerful people in the lapd for it to be grounds for dismissal. so, instead of reporting the loss, she sets about attempting to retrieve the items by herself. she soon discovers that the theft, which occurs while she was surfing, is tied to a rash of thefts occurring to other surfers, who leave valuables in their vehicles while catching waves.
ballard is working for the open-unsolved unit, formerly led by retired detective harry bosch, who is undergoing cancer treatments. her staff consists of volunteers, including retired cops and other specialists who concentrate on cold cases where it is possible that the culprit is still alive. often, dna evidence points to new suspects either directly, through a database match, or to a family of potential culprits through genealogy databases.
the hot case in the waiting—the book’s title is inspired by a tom petty song and relates to the fact that investigators often have to wait for forensics results to proceed—involves a series of rapes that ended with a murder. a genetic match leads to a potential suspect with political implications, which means the squad has to proceed cautiously. at the same time, maddie bosch, the squad’s newest volunteer, thinks she’s cracked a legendary los angeles cold case. solving this one would be a boost to everyone’s career, but there are political factions involved here, too, and ballard isn’t the kind of person who treads lightly through these complications.
tracking down her stolen items leads ballard from one criminal to another and another. she discovers someone is planning a terrorist plot, which means the fbi gets involved, but because of her precarious situation, she also brings in harry bosch to cover her back when dealing with these dangerous individuals. adding to her emotional load is the fact that her mother is missing, a possible victim of the recent fires in lahaina. their relationship has been complicated and is one of the main topics of discussion with her therapist.  
as much as it may pain long-time readers to find bosch in a diminished role, connelly is doing a fine job of passing the torch. maddie seems to be following her father’s trajectory in her rookie career, and ballard is every bit the lone-wolf detective who’s willing to work around the bureaucracy to get the job done, often at the risk of her career. unlike bosch, though, she’s willing to dig deep into her psyche to figure out what issues are driving her.
and as far as plotting and storytelling go, the waiting is rocket-fueled from the first page without letup, and the multiple, unrelated storylines are threaded together into a sophisticated and satisfying tapestry. bosch may fading into the background, but connelly is still at the top of his game.




posted in books |
leave a comment



river oaks

posted on october 18, 2024 by bev vincent


thanks to a referral from an online acquaintance, i was asked to moderate a dialog with bestselling author daniel kraus at the newly re-opened river oaks theater in houston. his recent novel, pay the piper, is a collaboration with the late horror director george a. romero. kraus found the half-finished manuscript among the papers in romero’s archives in pittsburgh. he had previously completed romero’s other novel the living dead by invitation of the romero trust, so he was a natural to complete this one, too.

no one knew pay the piper existed. it’s something of a departure for romero in that it features no zombies. instead, it is set in a small town in the louisiana bayou where an ancient evil has decided its time for the descendants of pirates and slave traders to pay the ultimate price for the sins of their ancestors while someone else is intent on buying up all the properties. the novel has a touch of stephen king’s it, a soupçon of bradbury by way of a carnival, more than a dash of lovecraft, and so much more.
i was thrilled by the invitation, especially since the featured film to follow our palaver was creepshow, which was the first movie i ever rented on vhs after i got a vcr in 1984. (i like to say that the front-loading panasonic—which weighs a ton, has thirteen push-button channel selectors, each with its own fine-tuning button, and a “remote” that is only somewhat remote in that it is attached by a cable—still works while several of its replacements have come and gone over the years. i never got to see creepshow on the big screen when it first came out, so this was a treat.


the river oaks theater has been around since 1939. it is a historic landmark and a throwback to vintage cinemas, with curtains, a lowering silver screen, golden statuary embedded in the walls, and an overall ambiance that reminds me of the capitol theatre in dalhousie, n.b., where i grew up. art deco style, probably. there are three screens—a large one downstairs and two smaller ones upstairs—and the downstairs screen had just been upgraded to a larger one before this event. it’s a dine-in theater, where you can place rather posh food orders from your seat.
brazos books co-sponsored the event, providing books for sale and signing at a table in the lobby. when i got there, artistic director rob saucedo briefed me on the agenda. there was a table on the stage where kraus and i could sit while we talked. we each also got a can of pay the piper branded ipa (from orono, maine!) to wet our whistles. since kraus was the guest of honor, i did my best to keep the discussion focused on him and his work, as well as his interest in romero.

i had done my due diligence, researching kraus enough to be able to ask hopefully intelligent questions (you can see my scribbled notes in the picture above, under the mike), but we also dug into creepshow since that was what the audience was also there to see.
the movie holds up pretty well for its age—42 years—and it looks great on the big silver screen. the two stories that still work the best, i think, are something to tide you over (despite some laughably ancient a/v tech) and the crate. the cast is overall excellent, especially pre-cheers ted danson and pre-airplane leslie nielsen. kraus said he’d heard from romero that king didn’t like viveca lindfors’s performance as bedelia in father’s day but i think it works better than ed harris’s odd dance maneuvers! (whatever happened to elizabeth regan, who played harris’s wife?)


i’d been on the road since before 5 am because i had to take a business trip to galveston, a 90-mile drive, so i was pretty tired when they’re creeping up on you! came on, so i may actually have dozed off a couple of times during that segment. all in all, though, it was a fun evening.



posted in uncategorized |
comments off on river oaks



review: caddo lake

posted on october 8, 2024 by bev vincent


because i signed up with max as a reviewer for ‘salem’s lot, i was given advanced access to another feature film coming on that streamer on october 10. i’d heard nothing about caddo lake prior to that invitation and i decided to go into it cold. didn’t even watch a trailer. had no idea what to expect. 
there’s this fractured family that lives on the shores of the eponymous lake, which was created by a dam many decades ago as part of the tva project. the region (near the texas/louisiana border) is currently experiencing one of its periodic droughts, so the water level in caddo lake is low, making navigation problematic and even dangerous. the cypress trees produce underwater “knees,” which are are now sticking up all over the place (the exteriors were filmed on the real lake), and the dam is crumbling and at risk of collapse.


the story has two central characters: a man named paris (dylan o’brien) who is currently working to remove some of the hazards that have appeared near the water’s surface, and a teenager named ellie (eliza scanlen) who is staying with a friend because she’s always fighting with her caustic mother. paris’s mother had a seizure that caused their vehicle to go off the bridge into the water, where she died. he’s obsessed about her illness, in part because he may be exhibiting some of the same symptoms. his fixation is his defining—virtually his sole—character trait.
ellie’s dad disappeared when she was a baby and her mother (lauren ambrose) started a new family with daniel (eric lange), who is a patient stepfather. ellie has an 8-year-old stepsister named anna, and it is her disappearance that drives much of this movie. when ellie storms off in another huff after an argument with her mother, her adoring sibling tries to follow, taking a skiff into dangerous waters. a massive, days-long search ensues.
because i didn’t even watch a trailer, i didn’t know if this was going to be a horror movie, a creature feature (there are strange noises in the muddy, forested swamp around the lake), an eco-horror movie, or a straight-forward domestic/crime drama. the fact that m. night shyamalan produced it should have been something of a clue.


hbo doesn’t want reviewers to reveal certain elements of the story, which makes it really hard to talk about the film. i could say “if you liked x” you might like this (and there is an x that i really what to mention, but i can’t!), but that would give it away. the biggest problem is that it takes a long time to get to the point where you go “holy shit!” the first 45 minutes are all setup and there were times when i was ready to tap out. however, after the first time i said “holy shit,” i was all in until the end.
in old text adventure games, there was a point where the computer would inform you: you are in a maze of twisty little passages, all the same, and if you didn’t drop items like breadcrumbs you’d end up hopelessly lost. caddo lake is a little like that. you can tie yourself up in knots trying to follow the logic of what’s happening. it does all make sense, trust me, but you might need a pen and paper to figure it out.


there are only the barest bones of characterization in the movie, although the cast is uniformly excellent when given something to chew on. still, the film feels ponderous at times, confusing at others, and even when it gets really interesting, things come to a grinding halt so some google searches can explain to viewers what is really going on. it’s not a spectacular movie, but it has its rewards if you stick with it. 



posted in movies, uncategorized |
comments off on review: caddo lake



← older posts








search for:



aboutbev vincent is the author of stephen king: a complete exploration of his work, life and influences (nominated for a 2023 locus award), the dark tower companion, the road to the dark tower (nominated for a bram stoker award), and the stephen king illustrated companion, nominated for a 2010 edgar® award and a 2009 bram stoker award. in 2018, he co-edited the anthology flight or fright (a goodreads choice award nominee) with stephen king.

	his short fiction has appeared in places like ellery queen's mystery magazine,  alfred hitchcock's mystery magazine, borderlands 5, ice cold, and the blue religion. four of his stories were collected in when the night comes down and another four in a cd select ebook. his story "the bank job" won the al blanchard award. "the honey trap" from ice cold was nominated for an itw thriller award in 2015 and "zombies on a plane" was nominated for an ignotus award in 2020.
his non-fiction has appeared in diverse magazines, including the poetry
foundation, fangoria, rue morgue, screem, pensacola
magazine and texas gardener. he has been a contributing editor with cemetery dance magazine since 2001 and is a former member of the storytellers unplugged blogging community. he also writes book reviews for onyx reviews. he has served as a judge for the al blanchard, shirley jackson and edgar awards.
his work has been translated into: arabic, bulgarian, chinese, croatian, czech, dutch, french, german, greek, hitalian, japanese, korean, polish, portuguese, russian, swedish, serbian, spanish, turkish and ukrainian

recent posts


2024 in review part ii: tv and movies


2024 in review part i: reading and writing


this is going to take a while


river oaks


review: caddo lake


blogroll

amazon author central
facebook
instagram
live journal
mastodon
message board
news from the dead zone
onyx reviews
the keenedom
twitter


organizations

crime writers of canada
horror writers association
international association of media tie-in writers
international thriller writers
mystery writers of america


archives archives

select month
 december 2024 
 november 2024 
 october 2024 
 september 2024 
 july 2024 
 may 2024 
 march 2024 
 january 2024 
 december 2023 
 october 2023 
 september 2023 
 june 2023 
 march 2023 
 december 2022 
 september 2022 
 august 2022 
 july 2022 
 june 2022 
 may 2022 
 april 2022 
 february 2022 
 january 2022 
 december 2021 
 march 2021 
 february 2021 
 january 2021 
 december 2020 
 november 2020 
 october 2020 
 september 2020 
 august 2020 
 july 2020 
 june 2020 
 may 2020 
 april 2020 
 december 2019 
 november 2019 
 october 2019 
 september 2019 
 august 2019 
 july 2019 
 june 2019 
 may 2019 
 april 2019 
 march 2019 
 january 2019 
 december 2018 
 october 2018 
 september 2018 
 august 2018 
 july 2018 
 june 2018 
 may 2018 
 april 2018 
 march 2018 
 february 2018 
 january 2018 
 december 2017 
 november 2017 
 october 2017 
 september 2017 
 august 2017 
 july 2017 
 june 2017 
 may 2017 
 april 2017 
 march 2017 
 february 2017 
 january 2017 
 december 2016 
 november 2016 
 october 2016 
 september 2016 
 august 2016 
 july 2016 
 june 2016 
 may 2016 
 april 2016 
 march 2016 
 february 2016 
 january 2016 
 december 2015 
 november 2015 
 october 2015 
 september 2015 
 august 2015 
 july 2015 
 june 2015 
 may 2015 
 april 2015 
 march 2015 
 february 2015 
 january 2015 
 december 2014 
 november 2014 
 october 2014 
 september 2014 
 august 2014 
 july 2014 
 june 2014 
 may 2014 
 april 2014 
 march 2014 
 february 2014 
 january 2014 
 december 2013 
 november 2013 
 october 2013 
 september 2013 
 august 2013 
 july 2013 
 june 2013 
 may 2013 
 april 2013 
 march 2013 
 february 2013 
 january 2013 
 december 2012 
 november 2012 
 october 2012 
 september 2012 
 august 2012 
 july 2012 
 june 2012 
 may 2012 
 april 2012 
 march 2012 
 february 2012 
 january 2012 
 december 2011 
 november 2011 
 october 2011 
 september 2011 
 august 2011 
 july 2011 
 june 2011 
 may 2011 
 april 2011 
 march 2011 
 february 2011 
 january 2011 
 december 2010 
 november 2010 
 october 2010 
 september 2010 
 august 2010 
 july 2010 
 june 2010 
 may 2010 
 april 2010 
 march 2010 
 february 2010 
 january 2010 
 december 2009 
 november 2009 
 october 2009 
 september 2009 
 august 2009 
 july 2009 
 june 2009 
 may 2009 
 april 2009 
 march 2009 
 february 2009 
 january 2009 
 december 2008 
 november 2008 
 october 2008 
 september 2008 
 august 2008 
 july 2008 
 june 2008 
 may 2008 
 april 2008 
 march 2008 
 february 2008 
 january 2008 
 december 2007 
 november 2007 
 october 2007 
 september 2007 
 august 2007 
 july 2007 
 june 2007 
 may 2007 
 april 2007 
 march 2007 
 february 2007 
 january 2007 
 december 2006 
 november 2006 
 october 2006 
 september 2006 
 august 2006 
 july 2006 
 june 2006 
 may 2006 
 april 2006 
 march 2006 
 february 2006 
 january 2006 
 december 2005 
 november 2005 
 october 2005 
 september 2005 
 august 2005 
 july 2005 
 june 2005 
 may 2005 
 april 2005 
 march 2005 
 february 2005 
 january 2005 
 december 2004 
 november 2004 
 october 2004 
 september 2004 
 august 2004 


admin

log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org

 






 © 2025 - bev vincent
 
proudly powered by wordpress.
 2010 weaver by wpweaver.info
  



this website uses cookies to improve your experience. we'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.accept reject read moreprivacy & cookies policy




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.								






								non-necessary							


non-necessary





									any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.								












save & accept















