simpleupdates.com | home homepricinghow much does a website really cost?webmastertemplatesshowcasehomepricinghow much does a website really cost?webmastertemplatesshowcaseloginbuild free site 
websites, domains and webmaster services stop feelinginvisible onlinecreate the perfect website with no coding required. grow your online presence with ai, drag-and-drop tools and personal support.pricingstart for freeparleyworkshoptaverna usa based business.does your website feel invisible?many business owners worry that their site is invisible and they are unable to reach their audience.perhaps your website is outdated, hard to update, or not showing up in search results.or you are searching through endless options with gated features, and thousands of plugins with hidden costs.put our tools to work for you from our simple editing interface with tons of features, built in seo fields, no hidden costs and domains included.a beautiful cmssimpleupdates studio.a simple, powerful cms to help you stand out.put the power of professional web designers at the tips of your fingers. our customizable cms with full-capability builder lets you take full control—update your site anytime, add features, or hire our team to develop custom solutions for you.36+ powerful elementsdesign a beautiful website quickly with our customizable blocks and content elements.drag & drop visual builderjust point, click and drag the elements you want onto your page. easy right?200+ icons ready to useblog and galleries, form builder, collections, custom html and css, and so much more.clean code & optimisedyou'll never have to worry about your website looking great on any size. refine any of them yourself.setupquick and easy setup01build your siteget started with a trial website built on our easy-to-use platform and customize it.02subscribestarting at $39/month. choose a webmaster plan if you want to get updates done for you.03growwatch your online presence flourish with effortless updates and personal support.take control of your website.pricingstart for freereal peopleyour online presence, amplifiedimagine a website that works for you—bringing in new customers, engaging your audience, and growing your business. our clients enjoy increased visibility, easy updates, and the peace of mind that comes with personal support whenever they need it.pre-made templates100+ templates to choose frompreview our templates and choose the one that best fits your brand. traininggprigpetgodancingcrypto thingsrealtalkcuisineperfumesmartsee all templatestestimonialscustomer appreciationjust like the name says. we needed professional quality website design to properly represent our ministry and services, but couldn't afford a custom webdesign person or service. a friend of a friend recommended we consider a new company, simple updates. since it was owned and serving "in the family" -- ... fellow believers -- it sounded good to us....simple updates has worked with us at each step, and tried to keep it as painless and affordable as possible. something we anticipate will continue as there are are alternative services. we'd rather not have to consider those.cameron beierle sr.secretary treasurer cvef - gm kacs networkdon’t stay invisible.get noticed. don’t blend into the background. take action today and start building.pricing start for free
knowledge base & tutorialssimpleupdates support siteemail supportsupport@simpleupdates.comcall us269.473.3687homepricinghow much does a website really cost?webmastertemplatesshowcasehomepricinghow much does a website really cost?webmastertemplatesshowcase© copyright 2002-2025 simpleupdates.com inc., all rights reservedaboutacceptable use policyprivacy policyterms of service

stay updated!receive the latest news, offers, promotions, support tips and website goodness.sign up
