






wow mission
































skip to main content




























home page
about
why orphans and widows
blog
contact
donate



















home page
about
why orphans and widows
blog
contact
donate






















 wow cares for orphans and widows wow has always been about home based care (hbc) for vulnerable orphans and widows. our mandate, then and now, is to be “the hands and feet of jesus” to dying and at-risk orphans and widows with a view to representing the lord to them as “father to the fatherless and defender of widows” (ps. 68:5).
wow makes thousands of hbc visits every year. these are made by our “army” of local church volunteers (mainly widows themselves) who lovingly care for the sick and the dying with great dignity. 



    
        our values    
    






my call was, “every church a mother teresa”.
jim cantelon, wow founder and president









 home based care 



 









 









 












        testimony    









this is sixty-four year old chilembwe. he is married with six children and he says: 
in 1997, i fell sick. volunteers from somebody cares ministries began home-based care visits. with their encouragement, i began taking medication. i was afraid of death, and they encouraged me to join a support group. now i am volunteering. i have a connection with the lord. my anxiety has ceased. our life returned to as it was before hiv, with me and my wife working and farming. knowledge of the lord gave me encouragement to live. each year, we’ve had a good harvest and the profits pay for my children’s school fees.
praise god for home based care!







what does home based care involve?
 – twice weekly visits from trained church-based volunteers 
– medicine
– food packages
– transport to clinics and hospitals
– bicycles for our volunteers 
– regular monitoring & evaluation
hbc is comprehensive and each visit begins with prayer. indeed, our ministry is predicated on both teaching and practising the love of god for the “weakest link”.


    
        find out more    
    


















        our partners in ministry    



wow’s core values include a commitment to working with local church-based “champions”. these are proven partners who care for vulnerable orphans and widows with faithful integrity. all five of our partners in four countries mobilize hundreds of volunteers in weekly outreach that includes medical, nutritional, and spiritual support.



in lilongwe, malawi wow works with “somebody cares malawi” (scm), a comprehensive organization that provides home based care (hbc) for thousands. scm and wow are entering their third decade of ministry to the vulnerable.
wow has two outstanding champion partners in zambia – impact community outreach (ico) in the city of kabwe and chreso in the capital lusaka. like scm in malawi they provide critical hbc for thousands of vulnerable orphans and widows. wow has been working with these remarkable zambian partners for over twenty years.
in south africa, wow’s champion partner is cross connect community outreach (ccco). led by kyle tolman, a young johannesburg pastor and his team of volunteers, it has a huge impact in the rescue and critical care of desperate orphans in the “irregular settlements” surrounding johannesburg. wow and ccco have been working together for several years helping in the establishment of a new ministry center reaching more children and impacting more communities.
apart from these long running partnerships in sub-saharan africa wow has been engaged with both polish and ukrainian churches in providing food, clothing, and medications for women and children displaced by the recent conflict with russia. this has been in direct response to the unexpected and disastrous fallout from the war. wow is grateful for the generous relief funding provided by compassionate donors.



 





                        esther & helmut reutter with the cantelons                    
chreso







                        jim cantelon & eric mwambelo                    
impact community outreach and rob’s farm 







                        dalton silomba, jim cantelon & justin simbeye                     
impact community outreach and rob’s farm







                        kyle & niki tolman with matthew                    
cross connects community outreach and house nehemiah 






 





                        theresa malila                    
founder and director of somebody cares malawi







                        keta ngosi                     
director of somebodycares malawi







                        chipo nkhosa                     
health coordinator somebody cares malawi







                        ed dickson                     
 director loads of love 











 a word from our volunteers and partners 







 

“i love being a home based care volunteer because i believe it is one way of me living the testimony i am. each time i see a patient, my life is able to speak to them because i tell them how sick i was and now i am ok. that’s what drives me.” – dorothy



“being grounded in the word of god is what makes me feel good and i have a passion to serve the sick.” – violet



“i feel energized to give more of my time caring for the sick in my community.” – patuma
















 instagram and newsfeed 














wowmission








#newreleasealert #newreleases #newrelease #newrele






working for orphans and widows received this amazi
 





the stories of faith and change coming from our pa



 


load more






 follow on instagram















 





                        we pray for rob’s farm                    
february 14, 2025 | wow staff | blog
rob’s farm is operated by wow’s (working for orphans & widows) zambian partner, ico (impact community outreach). the past year was one of immense challenges for rob’s farm, yet ico is filled with gratitude for god’s faithfulness. join us as we pray for rob’s farm, thanking god for his provision and trusting him for 2025. […]







                        prayers needed for our malawi partners in the midst of crisis                    
january 15, 2025 | wow staff | blog
our partners at somebody cares ministries in malawi are facing unprecedented challenges. we ask for your prayers for their critical needs.







                        let love be the steeple of our hearts                    
december 14, 2024 | wow staff | blog
our war weary world needs to know that new life can rise from total destruction. the shattered homes, villages, and cities that have dominated our screens for the past three years will not dominate forever.









    
        read more    
    













        get involved    



subscribe for email updates




subscribe





























                        contact                    
wow - working for orphans & widows
p.o. box 460  burlington, on l7r 3y3 (canada) 
p.o. 422266  atlanta, georgia 30342 (usa) 
1-800-969-9551info@wowmission.com



        quick links    

 about   news   financials   donate 



        social    
 




© working for orphans & widowscharitable registration #88173 9924 rr0001 | 501c3# ein 26-4511598 | privacy policy | sitemap
website designed & maintained by aliado marketing group













 
















