



 






southridge racing family




















































southridge racing familyschedule
sponsors
race results
event media coverage
src memberships
faq
mtb clinics
tech fees
directions
lodging
contact
 



schedule
sponsors
race results
event media coverage
src memberships
faq
mtb clinics
tech fees
directions
lodging
contact
 


 

















 



 


 






 





































src southridge co is for everyone of all ages 



platinum sponsors


















 
 



















 
 


event coverage / media



sostoked aerial
racedayreplay
pro motion photo
spinq studios
vitalmtb

join the srcsrc memberships



 





point system for each series is as follows:







place
points



1


100




2


95




3


90




4


85




5


80




6


75




7


70




8


65




9


60




10


55




11


50




12


45




13


40




14


35




15


30




16


25




17


20



18
15


19
10



20

5







 southridge racing co. is taking memberships and renewals now. src is going to provide a number of benefits for its club members. no you don’t need to join the club to race any of the southridge races.
you don’t have to be or join norba or uci to race. all members will be given a  plate, in which they will use all season with a permanent number at all southridge usa events.
they will be given a pair of  grips and a src jam t-shirt with their membership. they will receive $10.00 off, on all entries to southridge races for the year. custom #1 jerseys to overall winners at the src overall ceremony in dec.
 2019 membership $50.00
src overall awards 2019 tba

points will be awarded in each and every class
you must move up by the 2nd race in order for your points to carry over to your new class. otherwise, if moving up mid season your points do not carry over with you.
you must run the plate with s.r.c. numbers.
no stickers or alterations are allowed on the number plates!! no exceptions penatlies will be inforced!!

unless otherwise noted.










rules and faq




i’ve never ridden in one of your events. anything special i should know before i show up?
i was wondering if any of the courses (dh/xc/super-d) are open to riding on non-race days?
am i going to be required to have a license to race in expert for dh?
will the xc course be marked on friday, and if so is there any pre-riding?
i was wondering when the sport men 30-34 cross country will start?
will there be practice and/or shuttles for the super d?
i was wondering if you were having rv and tent camping at the course for the weekend race?
what time does practice start on sat, sun?
i was wondering if my friend, who would not race, could participate in the all day practice on saturday?
so for the singlespeed category is there two laps or three? is there only one singlespeed category this year?
did you count the national as src points? also, how far down do you award for the end of the year placings?  
how many laps are there in th xc?









i’ve never ridden in one of your events. anything special i should know before i show up? 


helmet is needed to ride the hill during our weekend races. body protection against falls during racing and practice. show up early to get the info you need to race so when your group or when you are going to be coming down the hill you can be there. a wrist band is required at all times when riding on the hills during race events. 





i was wondering if any of the courses (dh/xc/super-d) are open to riding on non-race days?


yes they are but remember there is no one around to help you if you get hurt.





am i going to be required to have a license to race in expert for dh? 


no license is required for any of our src races that we put on. the norba nationals will require license for their races.





will the xc course be marked on friday, and if so is there any pre-riding? 


yes, and you can pre-ride the course.





i was wondering when the sport men 30-34 cross country will start? 


we can’t tell you when that will happen since we don’t know how many people will be in front you. so it’s best to be there at the start of the race.





will there be practice and/or shuttles for the super d? 


yes the shuttles will be running for super d.





i was wondering if you were having rv and tent camping at the course for the weekend race? 


officially there is suppose to be no camping at the park, but we will be there all weekend with the motor home so come by and check with us.





what time does practice start on sat, sun?


sat. starts 11 to about 4. sun. 8 to 10. everyone on the hill that rides must sign the wavier for our protection, because we are in charge of what happens there. and everyone must wear a helmet that rides.





i was wondering if my friend, who would not race, could participate in the all day practice on saturday?


yes they can, but they will need to sign the wavier and pay the shuttle fee.





so for the singlespeed category is there two laps or three? is there only one singlespeed category this year?  


singlespeeds do two laps. there is three classes for singlespeeds.





did you count the national as src points? also, how far down do you award for the end of the year placings?


yes we used the national and we are going 5 deep in each class.





how many laps are there in th xc?




pro 3
expert 3
sport 2
beginner 1
singlespeed 2






mtb clinics on hold





2023 tech fees





tech/expo support information 2023
event promoted by southridge usa
required paperwork & payment
complete registration form and include payment. provide southridge usa with proof of $1,000,000 liability insurance.
reminders!
tech space is assigned on a first come first served basis.
no motorized vehicles (mini bikes or pit bikes) will be allowed to operate between the hours of 7:30am – 6:00pm. motorized vehicles may be used for transport from condo to tech support vehicle only.
all tech vehicles must be washed prior to placement and parking.
a central bike wash will be provided but the washing of bikes is prohibited in the tech area.
this packet may be used to register your tech space for:
tech fee application click here





park rules and map :





———————————————————————————————-



city park rules! the following acts are prohibited in parks:
animals: bring horses, goats, cats, fouls, dogs or any other animals into parks
except by special permit.
birds & animals: wound, kill or catch or attempt to wound an bird or animal. boisterous conduct: indulge in any loud, boisterous conduct or use of profane language.
campfires: make fires in any places other than in stoves provided. 
conduct: practice, carry on, conduct or solicit for any trades, occupation or business except with special permit.
damage plants/trees: cut, deface, remove or damage an tree, plant, wood, turf, sand, gravel or earth or pick any flowers or fruit without special permit.
games: play games except in authorized areas set aside for that purpose.
liquor: have, possess, carry, sell or consume any intoxicating liquor.
parking: park vehicles except at places especially provided for such purposes. rubbish: throw or deposit rubbish except in containers for such purposes.
selling: sell any goods except by special permit.
speeding limit: drive or operate any motor vehicle in excess of five miles per hour
in any park.
swimming/wading: swim, wade bathe in or pollute the water of any fountain,
pond, lake or stream.
vehicles: propel any vehicle, cycle or automobile on any footpath or elsewhere other than roads provided.
picnic, meetings or parades: no company, society or organization shall hold or conduct any picnic celebration, parade or services without a special permit. public toilets: no person shall loiter at or about any toilet facility open to the public.
closing time: no person shall enter, loiter or remain in any park at anytime
between 10:00 p.m. – 7:00 a.m. of the following day unless they have a
special permit.





old bird farm fontana
11798 live oak ave
fontana, ca 92337

34.040452, -117.483172










the hosting hotel for all the races


 





hilton garden inn fontana
10543 sierra ave, fontana, ca 92337
phone: (909) 822-7300
fax: (909) 822-7400



code “southridge”









 











 






 






 




 



 














ready to racecontact us


 send a message 

name: *

email address: *


phone number:


subject: *


message: *



time limit exceeded. please complete the captcha once again.
5464nine


















 social links 

 
 contact info 
donny jackson951-361-01499199 jurupa rd.
riverside, ca. 92509 usa


 

 









			        © southridge racing family all rights reserved 2025 - powered by wordpress 






 





















