






the blakelands estate


























































 

















homeweddingseventsfishingcontactguidance for guests















 






 






 






exclusive use country house & barns venue 
the blakelands estate is an family owned and run award winning country house & barns venue nestled in the stunning staffordshire countryside. blakelands offers an amazing break away into the stunning english rural landscape, whilst still being only one road off the main a449. far enough to be truly rural, but close enough to be easy to get to. dating from 1722, blakelands consists of the historic grade ii listed country house and three large converted barn buildings that sit amongst delightful walled gardens, paddocks, orchards, and fully a stocked carp lake. unrivalled in our flexibility, we offer multiple dining rooms, bars, lounges, and on site luxury accommodation which makes us perfect for any event or occasion. allow us to take away the stress and use our award winning blakelands catering to design your dream menus. with all of our own in-house chefs, service staff, mixologists, & bar team, the whole venue is completely dedicated to making your dream a reality. want to do your own thing? external caterers permitted. the choice is yours!want to find out more? see the pages below!







weddings










events
















what we’re up to…






latest awards…







latest reviews…



        read our reviews in  
        





















blakelands country house, six ashes road, bobbington, stourbridge, dy7 5dp ~ 01384 221000 




@the blakelands estate
@theblakelandsestate
hello@blakelands.com


cookies and eu regulation
this site uses cookies to store information on your computer. by using our site, you accept the terms of our privacy policy.



shout out to the amazing photographers who’ve provided the photos for our website!
shepherd photography
saint photography
rose & rainbow photography
bohemian rose photography
jak photography
rachel white photography
& bch photography


















privacy policy
contact
environmental policy
 













































