











simply fitness -











































skip to content
home
resources
sitemap
images
 








low-impact exercise can benefit people with knee problems






the knee is the most complicated joint and endures many stresses, making it especially vulnerable to injury. the anterior cruciate ligament (acl) can be injured in many sports, because it can tear from abrupt changes in motion, landing a jump, or running then suddenly stopping. the medial collateral ligament (mcl) on the inside of the… read more »


category: exercise
tags: knee





benefits of using whey protein for fitness training






whey protein is used by bodybuilders for lean muscle growth. whey protein is commonly used as a dietary supplement. there are many benefits of using whey protein for fitness training. using whey protein can be essential for improving your lifestyle. whey protein contains all of the essential amino acids that your body needs to digest.… read more »


category: health and fitness weight loss
tags: metabolism.amino acid, muscle, nutrition, protein





the importance of warm up exercises for the first time exerciser






the importance of warm up exercises for the first time exerciser doing warm up exercises before your workout routine is not only for first time exercisers but also for seasoned and professional athletes. the value of warm up exercises is often under estimated. they help fuel the blood flow into the muscles that will be… read more »


category: exercise health and fitness
tags: exercise, muscle.protein., physical exercise, stretching





is exercise or diet more effective for weight loss?






people who are new to losing weight frequently wonder what the secret to success is. most people are told their whole lives that diet and exercise are critical for a healthy lifestyle. but if you could only pick one, which one is more effective when it comes to losing weight? many experts would say the… read more »


category: exercise weight loss
tags: dieting, nutrition, obesity, physical exercise, weight loss





proper nutrition for weight loss






proper nutrition for weight loss is an important part of your daily diet to insure you lose weight in a healthy way which is why medifast is so popular. medifast puts the nutrition in the right place. unhealthy eating while trying to lose weight can lead to serious illness or even certain eating disorders. many… read more »


category: weight loss
tags: nutrition





diet vs. exercise: which is more important?






there are many debates about whether diet or exercise is more important. and it all really boils down to your age and current condition. if you’re young and still growing, then your diet doesn’t matter too much. however, hormonal and medical conditions can play a giant role in weight gain. ideally, they should both get… read more »


category: exercise healthy eating weight loss
tags: dieting, health, nutrition, obesity





why most diets fail






millions of individuals decide each year that they need to adopt a healthier lifestyle. many of these individuals choose to diet because they want to prevent, manage or reverse some type of illness such as diabetes, high cholesterol, or high blood pressure. dieting may sound like a great way to lose weight and get healthier… read more »


category: exercise healthy eating weight loss
tags: dieting, health, nutrition, obesity





best exercises for 6 pack abs






as much as exercise is needed to get 6 pack abs, you will also need to keep a constant diet and don’t keep changing. it is also important to eat the right food and enough food before exercising. if you don’t you will be sick and could faint. so make sure you eat enough protein.… read more »


category: exercise health and fitness
tags: exercise, need, nutrition, obesity, physical exercise





choosing the best diet plan






there are numerous diet plans out there, each claiming to be the best at helping you lose weight and look great. each year more than $33 billion dollars is spent in dieting and on these dieting products, meaning choosing the right diet plan from the start is imperative so not to waste money! think about… read more »


category: weight loss
tags: dieting, nutrition, obesity, selection, weight loss








search for:



 

recent posts
 low-impact exercise can benefit people with knee problems
benefits of using whey protein for fitness training
the importance of warm up exercises for the first time exerciser
is exercise or diet more effective for weight loss?
proper nutrition for weight loss



pages
policies
images
resources
sitemap
thank you
write for us



tag cloud
dieting
exercise
health
knee
metabolism.amino acid
muscle
muscle.protein.
need
nutrition
obesity
physical exercise
protein
selection
stretching
weight loss 




copyright © 2021 |  policies





iconic one theme | powered by wordpress








