



sociology (soc) – college of social sciences, uh mānoa, hawaiʻi












































skip to content 





 




menu 
home
about

history
crime, law, and social control
race, ethnicity, gender, and class
health, aging, and medical sociology
nationalism, globalization, and sustainability
asia, pacific, and hawaiʻi in regional and global contexts


undergraduate program

ba requirements
minor requirements
major concentrations
minor concentrations
undergraduate advising
academic planning
scholarships and funding
student learning outcomes
honors track
undergraduate funding


bam pathway
graduate program

ma program
phd program
gssa
graduate funding
graduate students
annual review
applications and admissions
course identification
department travel funds
sakihara scholarship


faculty

sun-ki chai
jennifer darrah
katherine irwin
aya kimura
david johnson
le lin
yean ju lee
krysia mossakowski
ashley rubin
nandita sharma
manfred b. steger
patricia steinhoff
wei zhang
hagen koo
colleen rost-banik
myungji yang


news
events
give a gift
contact
 
















sociology at the university of hawaiʻi
the department of sociology at uh mānoa examines patterns and dynamics of social relations, while paying special attention to issues of social justice. the department covers many major dimensions of sociology and over time has developed academic expertise and excellence in the following domains:

race, ethnicity, gender, and class
health, aging, and medical sociology
asia, pacific, and hawaiʻi in regional and global contexts
crime, law, and social control
nationalism, globalization, and sustainability

you will find a highly engaged faculty - both in research and teaching - that take an active interest in making our interconnected world a better place.
































 















disclaimer: the information on this website is for general information purposes only. we attempt to keep the information up to date and correct but do not make any warranties about its completeness, reliability and accuracy. any reliance upon this information is strictly at your own risk. we will not be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our website. privacy policy.
© 2000-, sociology (soc). all rights reserved.









the university of hawaiʻi is an
equal opportunity institution.

webmaster: cssweb@hawaii.edu

















