


 




stockton on tees borough council - stockton-on-tees borough council























skip to main content




 this website uses cookies

we use cookies on this site to enhance the user experience. you can follow the link provided here to tailor your experience, or accept all and continue on this page.




accept all


reject additional

change cookie preferences


 

 your cookie preferences were saved
change cookie preferences
 

 











link to "stockton-on-tees borough council" homepage





create a my council account 

sign in to my council 




our council


our people


our places


our economy


news














toggle menu









toggle menu






create a my council account 

sign in to my council 




						our council
					



						our people
					



						our places
					



						our economy
					



						news
					



close navigation









welcome to stockton-on-tees borough council




close



search stockton-on-tees borough council










search stockton-on-tees borough council



















stockton on tees borough council




how can we help you?










bin collection days 











pay council tax 











here to help hub 











search and apply for jobs 




see more                    how can we help you?
 



second level icon panel










school admissions 











my council 











planning 











school holidays 




see more                    second level icon panel
 



view our services link
view all our services                    view our services link
 



latest news










			from s&dr200 to sirf: here's seven unmissable events to look forward to in 2025 in stockton-on-tees!
		

			 13 february 2025
		













			awards honour carers of looked after children
		

			 07 february 2025
		











			previously empty homes welcome new tenants in thornaby
		

			 06 february 2025
		











			council leader vows authority is in "strong position" as budget discussions continue 
		

			 31 january 2025
		











			from battle of britain day to earth hour - the special events marked in 2025 with the borough's memorial lighting
		

			 17 january 2025
		





see more                    latest news
 



latest news link
view our news section                    latest news link
 



you might like to know about










stockton information directory 
stockton information directory provides details of services, advice and support for adults, children, young people and families living in stockton-on-tees including our local offer.











events in stockton-on-tees 
take a look at the events happening across the borough











invest stockton-on-tees 
stockton-on-tees is a great place for business, with great people, and a great place to live. find out why you should invest in stockton-on-tees.




see more                    you might like to know about
 











accessibility 

cookies 

disclaimer 

privacy 

modern slavery and human trafficking statement 





stockton-on-tees borough council

dunedin house, columbia drive, thornaby, stockton-on-tees, ts17 6bj. 01642 393939. visitors to dunedin house by appointment only. 		





follow us

























 © 2025 - stockton-on-tees borough council

powered by goss




