



	welcome to the scottish childminding association website

























about uselcenhanced family supportfind a childminderbecome a childmindernewslearn with scmamembership



































close
homepagecontact usabout usvacancies with scmafair work firstelcchildminder informationparent-carer informationelc hubenhanced family supportfind a childminderbecome a childminderchildminding induction support programmenewslearn with scmaon demandfund your learningcoursesthink stem: exploring maths and numeracy through science the business side of childmindingchild-led planningchild protectionchildrens rightsgirfec into practiceinfection preventionunderstanding child development 0-3 understanding child development (5-8 years)outdoor playparental involvement think stem: science inquiry and stem outdoors think stem: an introduction for childminders and exploring your senses  realising the ambition: being meenhanced child protectionthink stem: autism, adhd and the sensescurriculum for excellence 3-5 yearschildminding inductiontranslating policy into practicereflective practiceevidence in practiceaccredited open badgese-learninginteractive learningfirst aid trainingstemhappy teethqualification for funded elcmembershipcovid-19school age childcare








					
                                        interested in becoming a childminder?
                                    
				

					
                                        funding, training and support is now available in 17 local authority areas to help you set up a new childminding business from home. 
find out more 










					
                                        exciting new workforce retention trials!
                                    
				

					
                                        are you a childminder in aberdeen city, glasgow, orkney, shetland, east dunbartonshire, north lanarkshire, scottish borders or eilean siar? this is a fantastic opportunity, and we’d love to hear from you! 
find out more 








 


who we are and what we do

scma is the only organisation in scotland dedicated to supporting all aspects of childminding. we provide a diverse range of support and professional services for our members and the wider childminding community.
crucially, we provide a voice for professional childminding in scotland.  by working in partnership with the scottish government, local authorities and others, we help influence the development and implementation of policy and standards to ensure they are well informed by the experiences of professional childminders in scotland.
 we are a membership organisation and we are also a third sector organisation – so we have charitable status and we are also a service provider.
scma wears a lot of different hats; but we have one purpose - to support registered childminders in scotland to provide the best service they can for children and their families.

 

childminder search

 - select area - 
aberdeen city
aberdeenshire
angus
argyll and bute
city of edinburgh
city of glasgow
clackmannanshire
dumfries and galloway
dundee city
east ayrshire
east dunbartonshire
east lothian
east renfrewshire
falkirk
fife
highland
highland - caithness and sutherland
highland - inverness, nairn, badenoch & strathspey
highland - lochaber
highland - ross & cromarty
highland - skye & lochalsh
inverclyde
midlothian
moray
north ayrshire
north lanarkshire
orkney islands
perth and kinross
renfrewshire
scottish borders
shetland islands
south ayrshire
south lanarkshire
stirling
west dunbartonshire
west lothian
western isles


search




  


professional development

scma develops and facilitates training and learning events, resources and professional support. this encourages development and diversity in childminding services and helps childminders, registered in scotland, to keep pace with the very latest developments in early learning and childcare.
we also provide much-needed, specialist support for vulnerable families through our unique community childminding service.
scma provides training and local support to childminders, who in turn offer short-term placements to families in need, allowing children to remain looked after in their communities.  we would be delighted to hear from you if you would like to undertake training to become a community childminder


 


our helpline

we are very proud to provide a personalised one-to-one helpline, where childminders and parents/carers can speak to one of our staff for expert advice and support.  it is available at 01786 449063 and is open 10am – 4pm monday to friday.
our helpline supports childminders at all stages of their career – from newly registered childminders to more experienced childminders – please do give us a call, we are always happy to help, no matter how big or small the question!
we collaborate with organisations such as the care inspectorate and hmrc to ensure our experts provide advice which is accurate and up-to-date.
feedback tells us that our helpline service is invaluable – particularly being able to speak to a real human being at the end of the line!

 


“we know that early education is essential to children getting the best start in life, supporting them to develop as successful learners and confident individuals. childminders continue to be a highly valued part of our childcare sector, providing flexible high-quality childcare in a nurturing home-based environment, and i am grateful to them for the commitment and support they continue to show families across scotland.”

natalie don-innes msp, minister for children, young people and keeping the promise






let us help you find out more, are you...

becoming a childminder?
a childminder?
a parent?
from an organisation?



  




latest news


view all






12
feb
2025





meet your scma board | agm 2024 (held march 2025)





7
feb
2025





update on 2025-2026 elc sustainable rates guidance





24
jan
2025





red weather warning: update for childminders





23
jan
2025





important | red weather warning 



    




join now

scma members enjoy peace of mind, support and access to exclusive benefits:


            online advertising
            learn with scma
            information and updates
            essential insurance
            business aids and free legal advice
        


click here to start your membership application

















fair work first


















about us
news
vacancies
fair work first

membership
learn with scma
e-learning
interactive learning
fund your learning

become a childminder
find a childminder
elc
community childminding

contact us



© scma 2025
  |  
terms & conditions
  |  
privacy policy
  |  
contact us



e: information@childminding.org
  |  
t: 01786 445377
  |  
charity no: sc010489
  |  
company reg no: 144696












fair work first



















