






obesity surgery in washington dc and metropolitan area










































 
        	you seem to have javascript disabled. 
            this website needs javascript in order to function properly.
		











obesity surgery in washington dc and metropolitan area call today: (202) 659-0240












































home


about us


about the center


dr. afram's welcome


our team




procedures


roux-en-y gastric bypass


adjustable gastric banding


revision bariatric surgery


lap-band system




testimonials


portfolio




info


questions and answers


ask a question


patient forms


submit a survey


links


supplements

estore



contact


location


contact form







 







                                welcome to the center for obesity 


                               we are the largest comprehensive center for bariatric surgery in the district of columbia. we offer a comprehensive program, designed to help our patients lose significant weight, keep it off and improve their health and well-being. 
                            

learn more





                                surgery is the only proven effective therapy for servere obesity
                            
















                                is the surgery for you? 
                            

                               every day, more and more americans are diagnosed as suffering from severe (or morbid) obesity. those included in this group are 100 pounds or more over their ideal body weight and face increased health risks including a higher likelihood of heart disease, hypertension, diabetes, as well as certain cancers. 
                            

learn more








obesity surgery center serving washington dc and metropolitan area 










welcome                       to the center for obesity surgery, the largest comprehensive                       center for bariatric surgery in the district of columbia.
 obesity                       is one of the major health problems confronting the united                       states. it is estimated that approximately 50% of the population                       is overweight and over ten million americans are more than                       100 pounds over their ideal weight.


 

 if you                       are like most americans you struggle each and every day with                       your weight. but for some, it is more than just simply being                       a few pounds over where you'd like to be on the scale. for                       some, it can be a matter of life and death. every day, more                       and more americans are diagnosed as suffering from severe                       (or morbid) obesity. those included in this group are 100                       pounds or more over their ideal body weight and face increased                       health risks including a higher likelihood of heart disease,                       hypertension, diabetes, as well as certain cancers. excess                       weight can also cause sleep apnea, as well as arthritis and                       back pain. these weight related health problems called co-morbidities                       can also lead to an increased incidence of premature death.                       over 300,000 americans die of obesity related illnesses each                       year. obesity also extracts a high toll in human suffering.                       low self-esteem and clinical depression are often tied to                       an individual's relationship with their weight and their quality                       of life.
 most                       obese individuals have struggled unsuccessfully with their                       weight for many years. the numerous diets, commercial weight                       loss centers offering treatments such as hypnosis, pituitary                       hormones, appetite suppressant drugs, and behavioral therapy                       attest to the great difficulty many overweight people have                       in losing weight and keeping it off. some of these weight                       loss strategies may be successful in people with mild obesity,                       but nearly all fail in individuals 100 pounds or more over                       their ideal body weight. 
at                       present, obesity surgery is the only proven effective therapy                       for severe obesity.









what we do?
at the center of obesity surgery we offer a comprehensive program, designed to help our patients lose significant weight, keep it off, and improve their health and well-being.








why dr. afram?
dr afram performed over 6000 operations for obesity. this comprehensive program, coupled with our extensive 27 years of experience results in a high success rate (over 95%) and a very low complication rate. this makes our approach to surgery for obesity very safe and effective.








where are we located?

we serve patients in washington dc and disctrict of columbia metropolitan ares









our program includes







1

extensive pre-operative evaluation and  preparation



2

psychological evaluation with qualified psychologists



3

surgical procedure best suited to patient's needs



4

pre and post-op behavior modification program  run by our psychologist, dietician in weekly support groups





5

personal trainer diet counseling with our  registered dietician



6

life long follow up




 visit dr. afram's store
                            
                       






1


is the surgery for you?

review our frequently asked questions



2


surgical procedures

view a list of available procedures



3


how do i get started

find out what steps you should take to qualify for a surgery












 
 
                                               georgiabefore: 402 lbs after: 214 lbs
                                          


at age 33, weighing in at 428 pounds, i had given up on life. i had reached the point where i was finally tired of being tired, and i wanted to be part of life not just watch it pass me by. after meetin dr. afram and his team, i realized that i didn't have to sit on the sidelines any longer, so i took control of my life and my weight. dr. afram not only preformed my surgery, because of all the support that he and his team give, they have been a vital part of my transition to the person i am today. read more





 
 
                                                pam
                                                before: 304 lbs after: 158 lbs
                                          


i have battled my weight since high school. i had a few victories, but eventually lost the war. no one, not even my husband knew how much i weighed. at surgery time, i was at my highest weight of 304 pounds. i was so embarrassed of myself, depressed and felt like hiding. my knees hurt, i had heel spurs, felt tired all the time and had just been diagnosed with diabetes. read more





 
 
                                               shawtana
                                                lost: 235 lbs
                                          s 




shatawna cutchember

total weight loss of 235 lbs in 36 months


shatawna m cutchember
dob: 6-20-1985
dos: 04-26-2011

4 years ago i was walking up to an event and was breathless, tired, and sweaty when i reached my destination.  it was then that i made the decision that something had to change.  after researching several options, i came in to meet with dr. afram .  from the moment i walked in i knew i was making the right decision.  1 year later, april 26 2011, i had what i call my ”lifechange”, gastric bypass surgery.  to date i have lost 235 lbs and i have gained years on my life. read more











testimonials
you don't need to remain morbidly obese: you have an option. you don't have to avoid exercise because your knees are too painful to walk. you don't have to avoid running and playing with your children because your size prohibits it. you don't need to avoid roller coasters and airplane seats for fear you won't fit. you don't have to live with diabetes, hypertension, sleep apnea and all the other co-morbidities associated with morbid obesity. you can take your life back again!


































connect with us on the following social networks


































                        	seminars

new patient seminars take place every monday at 9 am, tuesday at 12:30  pm and thursday at 12:30 pm. 
                            

                            	location: 1011 new hampshire ave nw, washington dc 20037


call to book an appointment 202-659-0240
free parking will be provided
support groups are every wednesday at 12 - 1 pm.









                            contact information
                        



                                center for obesity
								1011 new hampshire ave, nw

                        		washington, dc, 20037
                            


                                phone: +1 202-659-0240



                                email: info@obesitycenter.org
                                web: www.obesitycenter.org







                            our office location
                        



view on live map












 copyright 2018 © center for obesity. all rights reserved. design by www.dreemproject.com






terms of use | site map




















































