






digital marketing personalized to deliver results - kristijane.com
















































 


























how we can help youcase studiesabout your kj teamfree mini website ux audit 












a holistic approach to growing your business
experience real results, now
in a short period of time, we've helped businesses across a variety of industries to grow, upwards of 300%. whether it's increased leads funneling into your law firm or manufacturing business, or a plethora of new booking requests for your vacation rental company, the results speak for themselves.

is your business ready?or, read the full story
 

 








a holistic approach to digital marketing
personalized for your business
design itevery single aspect of your business needs to be carefully designed to create an easy and memorable experience for your customers. we deep dive into your business to truly understand who you are, why you do what you do and how to best communicate your unique message to your customers.

brand and marketing strategy 
user first website design

build itwe build handcrafted, custom coded websites that score 98+ on google’s page speed test and knock it out of the park with customers. handcrafted sites perform better, rank higher, and result in more conversions. our clients demand the very best and that’s what our us based development team provides.

custom website development
mobile app creation

perfect itwe’re in the business of making you money. our team is passionate about truly understanding your industry, what makes your business unique, your customers’ behavior and ultimately what leads people to that buying decision. that’s how we can perfect your offers to be exactly what buyers are looking for.

semantic search optimization
site speed improvement
site traffic drop recovery
executive leadership coaching

grow itgetting your business in front of customers is what we do. no matter how perfect your business is, if people don’t know about you – they can’t work with you. that’s why growth hacking is vital to your long term success. the approach we take is as unique as your business needs are.

pr and link building
local business growth
lead generation and networking
laser targeted paid advertising


"what most firms do is quote you some low number and then they only do so much for that - dribs and drabs - no where near the pace your team is getting shit done. turns out spending a little more is the cost to have the right team do it right. i've saved more than i've spent working with you and don't even get me started on how much more i've made!"james adams - owner of american landscape structures, usaapril 9th, 2021









featured case studyresults, up close and personal 



 


the challenge: in a competitive market, a galveston, texas based vacation rental company needed a fast website with a far better user experience to drive significantly more bookings through their website.
the solution: a user experience focused, lightning fast website scoring between 90-100 on google page speed that allowed customers to quickly and easily browse, and reserve the various beach houses available.
the result: since launching the new website at beachhouses.com in february of 2021, impressions and clicks on the website are over 200% more than when compared to the previous year
“we’re receiving so many booking requests through the new site we’re having trouble keeping up! amazing work and easy to see the value in doing things right in all areas.”
steve porter – texas beach house vacations
visit beachhouses.com










offices in the united states, canada, the united kingdom and mexico.
p: 808-896-6181
send an email


                    © 2025 | kristijane inc. | all rights reserved
                


privacy policy
terms of service
accessibility statement
contact us













sending info...
your data and privacy is important to us at all times, we like to spend a few seconds making sure it gets sent properly. 



✓
you're all done!
thank you for sending us your inquiry, we'll be in touch in 1-2 business days.
in the meantime...
we have tons of helpful resrouces for your business that are worth watching. take a look!
worthwhile content is waiting 




x

let's get started
      

we want to help you achieve the "why" behind your business by providing the most personalized digital marketing solutions in the industry.


your full name:



your email:



your website address:


digital services you're looking for (check all that apply)

design it

 user experience focused web design
 brand and marketing strategy development

build it

 custom website development
 mobile app creation

perfect it

 semantic search optimization
 site speed improvement
 traffic drop and rank recovery
 executive leadership and team development

grow it

 google friendly pr and link building
 local business marketing and growth
 virtual networking and lead generation
 laser targeted paid advertising

tell us a little about your project:




looks like we have all your answers, thank you!

  	once you submit your request, we'll get in touch with you in 1-2 business days.
	


 join our kj `we never spam` list while you're here?


please enable javascript for this form to work.



















