



lakeview property management, inc. | vacation rentals in lake city, colorado

























































 



lakeview property management, inc.vacation rentals in lake city, colorado 




				(720) 415-0826			












 






home
vacation rentals
things to do
about us
guest reviews
more…

cleaning schedule
property managment
rental policies
faqs
directions to our office





search the site...




























 












 







enjoy your day exploring the alpine loop as well as many other trails available in the area.  as you are enjoying the back country please stay on the trail.  for more information on enjoying the backcountry please check out the stay the trail website.
stay the trail 

 







we have properties located in town, along the river, at historic vicker’s ranch, along lake san cristobal as well as south of the lake on cr 30 along the lake fork of the gunnison. from small cabins to large family homes, condos and townhomes we have a property that will be perfect for your family and friends.  check out all of our properties and their descriptions to find the perfect one for your vacation.  give us a call or email us with any questions or to book your next vacation!
 

 







there are many fishing opportunities in the lake city area.  you can get your license and gear as well as information at one of the two sporting goods shops in town.  dan’s fly shop (970) 944-2281 and the sportsman outdoors and fly shop (970) 944-2526
 

 







the area boasts new and amazing views at every turn.  the wildlife viewing is second to none and hiking trails are everywhere.  there are five 14’ers in the immediate area for you to explore and enjoy.
 

 














enjoy your day exploring the alpine loop as well as many other trails available in the area.  as you are enjoying the back country please stay on the trail.  for more information on enjoying the backcountry please check out the stay the trail website.
stay the trailwe have properties located in town, along the river, at historic vicker’s ranch, along lake san cristobal as well as south of the lake on cr 30 along the lake fork of the gunnison. from small cabins to large family homes, condos and townhomes we have a property that will be perfect for your family and friends.  check out all of our properties and their descriptions to find the perfect one for your vacation.  give us a call or email us with any questions or to book your next vacation!
there are many fishing opportunities in the lake city area.  you can get your license and gear as well as information at one of the two sporting goods shops in town.  dan’s fly shop (970) 944-2281 and the sportsman outdoors and fly shop (970) 944-2526
the area boasts new and amazing views at every turn.  the wildlife viewing is second to none and hiking trails are everywhere.  there are five 14’ers in the immediate area for you to explore and enjoy.
 















search rentalsmaking memories one vacation at a time!welcome to lakeview property management and vacation rentals.  if you are looking for a vacation rental in beautiful lake city colorado you have come to the right spot!
lake city is located in southwestern colorado in the beautiful san juan mountains at 8,661 feet in elevation.  there are an endless amount of fun activities to enjoy in the area from hiking, fishing, off-road trails, kayaking, paddle-boarding and horseback riding to name a few.   we are located on colorado’s alpine loop scenic and historic byway which is a 65-mile scenic drive that travels through a landscape of tundra and mountains new ouray and silverton.
our rentals are located all over the lake city area from north of town to four miles south of downtown at lake san cristobal we have many different options to fit your needs.  from large family homes to small cabins we have properties to fit all your needs.  we do have groupings of cabins that could be ideal for your next family  reunion as well as a six bedroom house if you want to all stay together.  if you want to be close to the historic downtown area we do have properties that are within walking distance as well as those properties that are further away from town.
our properties are all fully equipped with stocked kitchens, all linens as well as basic toiletries including toilet paper, paper towels, hand soap, dish soap, trash bags and bar soap.  if the property has a dishwasher or washer/dryer we provide a nominal amount of dishwasher detergent and laundry detergent.  there are gas grills at most properties and most also have free wifi and/or satellite tv.  many are also pet friendly which you can search for on our “vacation rentals” tab.
please explore our site and give us a call with any questions…anytime.  we offer all kinds off properties and locations to make your vacation memorable. call or email us today!



 
about us

read more 






 
things to do

read more 



to our guests – your vacation is extremely important to you, and we understand that! we will help you find the perfect vacation rental to meet your needs.
property owners – you can trust our expertise and experience in managing your properties with the utmost professionalism. please contact us for more info.
sit back and relax while we do the work for you.  whether it’s managing your property, or setting up your individual reservation.  we’re on top of it!
 


contact us720-415-0826lakeviewproperty@gmail.comfind a rental 

recent postsmake your reservations for summer nowapril 13, 2020call us – (720) 415-0826



 












(c) 2012-present - lakeview property management, inc. - website design by: vacation rentpro
home
sitemap
about us






 













