





 












school law pro – promoting systemic school reform–with common sense! - school law pro
























































































 (617) 410-6452
 miriam@schoollawpro.com




















cart









home
about miriam
store
blog
contact
cart 




















miriam kurtzig freedman, jd, ma




special education 2.0 breaks out of the special-education reform mold. instead of fixes and tweaks for the current system—that have been tried without success—it dares to propose an innovative, inclusive, second generation approach for all students, general and special education.   its five directions have the promise to create a dynamic blueprint for a new transformative and optimistic way forward for all students.
you’re invited to join in, start an honest national conversation without the taboos that thwart innovation –think big, and dream aloud. together, let us ask—what if?—and build a second generation approach for all students.
 
read more 









now available!
 this little book packs a hell of a punch. i predict that readers will be alternately amazed, slack-jawed, angry, and optimistic about the future of public education–if we are smart enough to take the advice of a real expert, miriam freedman, and work together to make education special for all students. special education 2.0 is common sense thinking at its best.
john merrow, former education correspondent, pbs newshour, and founding president, learning matters, inc.miriam freedman is a seed planter of ideas.  she describes eloquently what could be in the field of special education that is long overdue for a revision, or rather, a transformation!  if you are among the many hundreds of thousands of educators and parents who believe we can do better for our students with disabilities, i highly recommend reading special education 2.0 so that you see her vision and perhaps even be part of its transformation.
steven r. sandoval, phd, executive director of special services, westminster public schools, co, 2016 honoree:  education week leader to learn fromafter celebrating special education’s success in providing education access for all students with disabilities over the past 40 years, attorney miriam freedman takes a long overdue look at today’s reality–filled with legal and damaging dysfunction, strangling bureaucracy and litigation.  refreshingly, she creates a vital blueprint for an inclusive, positive new law for all students—general and special education. special education 2.0 should start a national conversation to liberate educators, parents, and students from this broken system. i am happy that ms. freedman has shared her wide experience in this compelling little book— a must-read for anyone interested in improving education.
philip k. howard, chair of common good and author of the rule of nobodythis ​important ​book raises vital issues that we need to confront​ in public education​—if we ever want to truly improve​ it for all students. miriam freedman has done ​us a great service by getting the​ long​ overdue conversation started. ​let’s talk!​
esther wojcicki, founder of palo alto high media arts center & former chair of creative commonssome areas of public policy become so contentious that it is difficult to bring rational consideration to them.  special education has been such an area for the four decades since federal legislation first addressed the issue.  nonetheless, over this time, miriam freedman has continued to provide both wisdom and common sense to policies.  now she reaches a startling conclusion:  fixing it is not possible.  we need to replace how we deal with special education.  policy makers need to pay serious attention to this idea.
eric a. hanushek, phd, hoover institution, stanford universitymiriam freedman once again offers us opportunity to contemplate special education reform.  she invites each of us to join in conversation, to think big, and to dream aloud. now is the time.  with the “reauthorization” of idea looming, all educators, parents, and community members are called to be part of this brave conversation.  these 5 directions will give structure to some bold and contemplative interaction that could lead to enlightened, positive, reformative action. special ed 2.0 is just beyond the horizon.   use this book to start the conversation or join a discussion.  together, we can break taboos and close in on a better education law for all students.
anne delfosse, executive director, west orange county  consortium for special educationi heartily agree with miriam freedman’s focus on reforming a forty-year old law for our twenty-first century schools.  this conversation ought to happen and i always appreciate — even if i don’t always agree with—freedman’s provocative proposals for reform.
william s. koski, jd, phd, professor of law and professor of education (by courtesy), stanford university law schoolno one will agree with every idea in this courageous, taboo-shattering book. but as a conversation-starter, it’s exactly what we need: a call to re-imagine special education and general education from top to bottom, rather than remain boxed-in by the past. let the debate begin!
michael j. petrilli, president, thomas b. fordham institute 



learn more









from the blogthe boston globe headline we’ve all been dreading…december 3, 2024“rising costs for special education are impeding pay raises for teachers, districts say.”[1]while this headline is very concerning, sadly, it was [...]i’m back! it’s time to share news about my new book, boxes from the attic — an immigrant’s storynovember 13, 2024alas, over these last few months, i’ve been lax about posting on medium. for my readers, i apologize….continue reading on medium » [...]spedex consultation — a positive, innovative, and successful approach to build trust in special…march 17, 2024amazingly (to me, at least), the federal special education law, the individuals with disabilities education act (the idea), does [...]view more














in the store
































view more















 

 
 
 
 
 
 







 

 
 
 
 
 




		            	
											© 2025 school law pro.  
										
	            

home
about miriam
store
blog
contact
 
 



 


 









                there are no products            






×

item added to your cart!






                    there are no products                





continue shopping


































 
