





home - african journal of food, agriculture, nutrition and development

















this is prof. ruth
ajfand@20
copyright statement
why publish with ajfand
about ajfand
about asscat
ajfand editorial board
information to authors
guidelines to reviewers
manuscript status
ghi matters
published special issues
indexing
notice board
commentary
ajfand reviewers
readers' comments
student interns
upcoming events
eating healthy
cvs section
activities
career opportunities
partners/donors
websites of interest





home 
peer reviewed


editorials


profiles


 license
contact us
  






the journal articles are accessible for free (open access)


current issue volume 25 no. 1 (2025)
published on 29th january 2025




editor's note
let me start by wishing all of us a happy 2025, with the hope that it turns out to be a year of bounty and joy. we are still in january and am not sure of what lies ahead. but we must always have hope, right? and as always, my thoughts are on what the food situation is going to be like especially for africa. with climate events causing havoc all over the place and wars erupting everywhere, it is difficult to imagine us meeting the zero-hunger target by 2030. already this year i have attended two events that have addressed two issues ... read more

the ajfand secretariat team
 






 
        	prof. ruth khasaya oniang’o editor-in-chief


 prof. judith kimiywe  reviewer editor





 michael okumu  technical manager


  emmily kaveza  deputy editor


 ivy libese  data updates clerk


 moses salim social media and communications strategist


 erca alaro  editorial assistant





 ajfand indexing and partnerships status report
 ajfand processing fee policy
ajfand@20


 ethics & malpractice statement
check your manuscripts status now!



ajfand is now indexed by scopus
 a fierce champion for the planet  





dear all,  
				readers/authors/reviewers/donors & friends, your email address is displayed on our website. our journal is open access. please should you receive suspicious communication, kindly do contact us to ascertain the authenticity of the same. thank you in advance for your cooperation. the editor-in-chief, ajfand




  


(for personalized blankets) 


 













         











copyright© ajfand 2001-2024






