







the comics curmudgeon

























  










skip to main content






main menu
archives
about
donate
subscribe
log in

social media










 






monday, feb 17, 2025

118 

corpsethief: the thief who steals corpses


post content
dick tracy, 2/17/25

not sure if america was in the mood for the dick tracy storyline just concluded, about how the families prominent in our civic and financial elites are getting nazi-curious about their nazi ancestors. but has there ever been an era that wasn’t up for a good corpse-napping story? dr. hart here is pissed about an attempted corpse theft and she wants neo-chicago’s top cop on the case! only he can track down the perpetrators! and, of course, if the notoriously trigger-happy tracy were to produce more corpses in the course of his investigation, bringing more business to the morgue … well, that would just be an added bonus.
judge parker, 2/17/25

look, i’m fine with sophie acknowledging that there are few things less interesting to a college-age girl than her dad’s middle-aged dude friends, but i draw the line on her deciding to just stop engaging with spener-driver-parker antics altogether. sophie, we already have a comic strip about a blonde college student doing blonde college student stuff, it’s called luann and (as i am reminded now that i have violated my blood oath and started reading it again) it’s pretty dire. you need to get in there and start hacking that drone footage! you’ve got an audience to entertain here and “doing your homework” or whatever is not going to cut it.


about this post


118 comments 




dick tracy





 




sunday, feb 16, 2025

129 

panels ‘n’ more


post content
panels from barney google and snuffy smith, 2/16/25

now, i joke a lot that the only real industries in hootin’ holler are moonshining, chicken theft, and (doc pritairt only) medicaid fraud. however, obviously it’s realistic that some of its inhabitants toil in the dirty and dangerous extractive industries that power the flatlanders’ cities. a few dare to dream of ascending to management positions, only to be laughed at for their rustic diction by the city slickers until they give up. you can understand why snuffy and lukey don’t even bother trying!
panel from slylock fox, 2/16/25

today’s strip offers some interesting insight into the question of why humans as a species haven’t been exterminated altogether in the post-animalpocalypse world, and are even still legally allowed to own pets: animals may have occupied most important social roles, but the remaining veterinarians  are still necessary to treat their new overlords’ health problems, at least until enough animals get through the new medical schools. but until then, the vet offices are still open and very necessary. look at poor max! he’s very sick, or possibly very high, and either way is in dire need of medical attention. 

judge parker, 2/16/25

ok, very little about the backstory of judge parker that’s lead to this moment is believable, and it’s also not particularly believable that sophie would use her family turning to her for her superhacking skills into an excuse to do a bunch of emotional processing, but you know what is honestly believable? referring to randy parker as “sam’s friend.” like, yes, i’ve been writing about sophie since (gulp) 2006, but in the world of the strip, she’s literally a teenager, and randy is just some guy her adoptive dad hangs out with occasionally and is fundamentally not interesting or relevant to her life most of the time. and good for her! he’s not that interesting to me, honestly!


about this post


129 comments 




barney google & snuffy smith

judge parker

slylock fox





 




saturday, feb 15, 2025

143 

josh goes off in some weird directions


post content
barney google and snuffy smith, 2/15/25

hey, here’s a fun fact for you: did you know that ventriloquists don’t “throw” their voices anywhere? they just learn to speak with their mouths closed while working a puppet to match their speech, which creates the illusion that the voice is coming from elsewhere, because our sense of vision is much more precise than our sense of hearing and we tend to lock on to the moving puppet and assume that’s where the sound is coming from (and it’s generally not too far from the puppeteer anyway). advanced practitioners can alter their voice to be softer so it seems to be coming from far away, but nobody can actually make it sound like it’s coming from a completely different direction. and yet there are so many comics and cartoons that imply otherwise! much like this one! i attribute it to comics and ventriloquism emerging from the same milieu of popular entertainment and so cartoonists felt they would be violating kayfabe if they let on how it worked, but it’s also possible they didn’t know either because you couldn’t just look stuff up on wikipedia back then, and now we’re stuck with the tropes. anyway, my point is that as a child, i, like i assume many of you, had wildly incorrect ideas about ventriloquism, so thanks a lot, comics. and don’t even get me started on quicksand!
heathcliff, 2/15/25

oh, are you saying a robot and a cat can’t be friends, grandpa nutmeg??? i guess this really is the last acceptable prejudice, huh. (not going into the details of what “this” might refer to, please write some fanfic about it if it interests you.)
dennis the menace, 2/15/25

i’m not sure what exactly dennis is blathering on about — like is he saying that he did a bunch of sins over the past week because he hadn’t heard the good news about how he shouldn’t or something, maybe? — but i don’t actually think that’s important, because he’s only talking to distract the minister so he can get close enough to deliver a solid punch to the nuts. and the minister knows it! that’s good defensive use of the holy bible there, rev, i know they don’t teach that at seminary, you learned it from hard experience.


about this post


143 comments 




barney google & snuffy smith

dennis the menace

heathcliff







older posts!


 








comment of the week


dolly makes a crack about her brothers whilst the pitch black void looms ever closer. she mentions her brothers because there is no one else but the family, there is nothing outside the kompound. they may pray to the lord, but he abandoned them to oblivion long ago.

                    —rosstifer



 



 

  


posting and discussion policies
privacy policy
email josh

all post content © 2004–2025 joshua fruhlinger.
                   comics reproduced here for purposes of review only, and all
                   rights remain with their creators; please don't sue me. all
                   comments remain the property and responsibility of those who
                   posted them. blog powered by wordpress, which is way cool.
                   hosting provided by digital ocean, who are lovely people. site designed
                   by the charming and talented
                   adam norwood; logo
                   designed by the talented and charming
                   francesco
                   marciuliano. this blog was once known as i read the
                   comics so you don't have to. it is in no way affiliated with
                   funny paper, which used to read the comics so you don't have
                   to, and may do so again. are you still reading this? why are
                   you still reading this? a.l.



















