










home - automotive service association - national






















































  


















skip to content










































member portal/login  |  find a shop  |  join now






































































menu 
who we are leadership committees about us contact usmembers current members future asa membersadvocacy about us issues legislation regulations alerts technology & telematics forum press center reports toolboxasa sponsors sponsor logineducation & events calendar webinars shop2shop podcasts student educationnews & media press releases industry news classifiedsconsumer consumer information fix my car car care council








 















 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 


 
 










































welcome to asa






the automotive service association






asa is the only not-for-profit trade association of its kind exclusively dedicated to and governed by independent service and repair professionals like you. you know your business and we know our members. that makes for a perfect partnership. contact us today!

















					directory				








					news				








					events				








					education				








					taking the hill				








					classifieds				




























































mark your calendar










view all events

































































learn more
















 
white house taking major actions on trade policy 
president trump took the oath of office on monday, january 20, 2025, and he quickly got to work signing a whole host of executive orders (eos) that same day. a package of these orders, which he collectively named “america first trade policy,” could result in significant changes to the country’s approach to foreign trade and economics.
learn more 



















 
performance and personal accountability – part 1 (the owner’s role) 
your auto shop’s performance starts with you. the culture, expectations, and accountability you set shapes how your team shows up every day. frustrated by underperforming team members? here’s the hard truth: their performance reflects what you allow or enforce.
learn more 



















 
mark claypool named executive director of the automotive management institute (ami) 
mark claypool, amam, has been named the new executive director of the automotive management institute (ami). claypool took the reins of the ami on january 2nd, 2025.
learn more 



















 
how a revived high school shop is sparking careers in automotive service, collision repair 
most of us love a good fixer-upper. while most are residential, this one was located in a local high school. an old mechanical shop, long abandoned and repurposed for storage, was restored to its former glory last year in albuquerque, n.m.
learn more 





































































































































next
previous


















































partners
























                                advanced professionals                            














                                alliance for automtive innovation                            














                                dell technologies                            














                                federated insurance                            














                                auto service leader                            






next
previous



































 












© 2025 automotive service association – national
 | 
site by growthzone












one voice for your industry!





























































automotive service association










8209 mid cities blvd., suite 100, north richland hillstexas 76182-4712 










(817) 514-2900 










info@asashop.org 













































helpful links




















savings4members
privacy policy
terms of use
member login














mission statement:
“the automotive service association (asa) advances professionalism and excellence in the automotive repair industry through education, representation and member services. since 1951, the
automotive service association (asa) has been the leading organization for owners and managers of automotive service businesses that strive to deliver excellence in service and repairs to consumers.”

















 © 

 automotive service association - national.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 

















