










london health – your guide to healthcare in london
















































primary menu










primary menu home
alternative health

acupuncture
alexander technique


children’s health

chickenpox
coughs & colds


cosmetic surgery

cosmetic surgery abroad


dentistry

cerec
crowns
da vinci veneers
damon braces
dental insurance
dental phobia
dental tourism


digestive disorders

gallstones


drug abuse

drug addiction: the implications
ecstasy
cannabis
cocaine


elderly health

eye health
getting help


emergencies

disasters
first aid for injuries and accidents
first aid kit
first aid treatment


eye conditions

eye examinations


health insurance

how do i choose which insurance plan to go for?

how much does health insurance cost?




hearing & speech problems

getting help for speech problems
hearing test
how can i tell if my child has hearing problems?


mental health

migraines
physical symptoms
preventing stress
psychological symptoms


pregnancy

miscarriage
morning sickness
pregnancy tests


sexual health

sexually transmitted infections
syphilis


skin

ringworm
skin cancer


sleep disorders

restless legs syndrome
sleep apnoea
sleeping well
snoring


strokes

recovering from a stroke
symptoms of a stroke


urinary problems

urinary incontinence
urinary tract infection


weight loss

what are the benefits of weight loss surgery?
what are the risks of weight loss surgery?


 




 




  london health








london health is a health portal through which you can learn about a range of health topics. if you are concerned about any symptoms that have been affecting you, or are down to have treatment such as weight loss surgery but are unaware of what this process may involve then our health guides may have the answers to your questions.
though the medical information provided on london health is of an exemplary standard it should not be viewed as a substitute for expert medical advice. should you have any health concerns you should always consult your doctor in the first instance.
well-being
being healthy is not only about identifying symptoms and discovering what treatment is necessary – though london health does of course provide a wealth of information on this – as health and well-being is also about taking control and making lifestyle changes to ward off health problems. we provide information about ways to improve your health such as stopping smoking, including essential information about withdrawal symptoms and giving up during pregnancy; dieting, including all the popular diets like the atkins diet and weight watchers; and also details on a range of exercises like running and the benefits this can have on your life, such as reducing stress and boosting vitality.
how can london health help you?
here at london health we provide health care information and a guide to finding the right healthcare specialists in london, though our extensive database of london’s leading healthcare professionals.

































