



  



 landscaping & hardscaping experts | commerce, mi | squeals landscaping




































for a free estimate, call: (248) 360-7000
                or text us




menu




homeaboutlandscaping new construction hardscapinggallery testimonialsblogservice areas white lake, mi south lyon, mi milford, mi bloomfield hills, mi contact 










transform
your
outdoor
space 

					turning open areas into 
beautiful and useful spaces 
for over 30 years


call now for commercial snow bids!				
free estimate (call only) (248) 360-7000 










			creative solutions. landscaping excellence. meticulous craftsmanship.
		





landscaping play_arrow






hardscaping play_arrow






pool landscape play_arrow






commercial play_arrow





























			beautifying southeast michigan, one yard at a time
		
















view gallery play_arrow






30+ years of quality landscaping & hardscaping in commerce, mi quality, professional services for your next outdoor project squeals landscaping inc. has been metro detroit's go-to landscapers for over 30 years. with our pristine reputation and eye for detail, it's not hard to see why! our experienced team is highly trained and shares a passion for creating beautiful and artistic outdoor spaces for each of our clients. we are all very committed to our craft, and this is reflected in each and every job we complete. we'll never put our final stamp of approval on a job that we wouldn't want in our own yards. this mentality has set us apart from our competitors and has allowed us to be one of michigan's department of nursery stock dealers, as well as a metropolitan nursery & landscaping association member. we have a landscaping architect and a landscaping designer on staff that work closely with you to ensure that each job's quality exceeds your expectations. no matter your vision, we can bring it to life in a creative and inimitable way. we offer many services to our clients, including (but not limited to) landscaping new homes, new construction properties, major landscaping renovations, pool landscaping, lakefront/waterfront landscaping, large commercial city municipality developments, brick paving, retaining walls, design, installation, planting large trees, shrubs, sod, bushes and more. we are a local company, serving commerce township, bloomfield, bloomfield township, west bloomfield, birmingham, milford, novi, northville, plymouth, walled lake and orchard lake.  quality throughout our entire process when you hire squeals, you can guarantee we will start your project on time and our installation team will ensure no inconvenience to you or your neighbors. every crew has a supervisor on site from start to finish. our talented staff pays attention to specific details on the job creating not only an amazing landscape, but also a true work of art. with our irrigation crews working simultaneously with our installation crews, we can guarantee you won't have to take time out of your busy schedule to worry about the survival of your plant material. our two-year warranty will give you the peace of mind that your investment is protected during the sensitive transition period. we can work with builders, developers or project owners. working as a team with other tradesman on site, we are confident our residential and commercial crews can complete a full job on schedule meeting the most demanding deadlines. enjoy your new landscape for decades we have been in business for over 30 years and have since created many beautiful landscaping designs throughout southeast michigan. our highly-skilled landscape architect and landscape designer on staff work closely with you to ensure a durable design with great aesthetic flair. we have a background in plant biology, so we know exactly which plants to recommend for your yard and where they would optimally thrive. our plant material is handpicked from the highest quality growers across the usa and has to pass our strict standards before we even consider installing it for you. all of our work includes full warranties that we will honor in the event of damage. we offer free estimates so we can show you exactly why we would be the best fit for your landscaping needs. we guarantee that you'll love your new outdoor space and will for years to come!








				let's talk about your ideas! after meeting with our representatives, you’ll see how easy and affordable a new landscape can be. call us today to get your free estimate and learn more about how we can bring your dream landscape to life!
			
free estimate  (call only) (248) 360-7000 







				flawless, healthy landscapes. guaranteed.			


squeals does exemplary work. we hired them to do pavers for our driveway and we continue to admire the exquisite work. the owner, david biel, has honor and integrity. he stands behind his work, and his pride in his company is always apparent. since our driveway was completed, i have hired squeals for two additional jobs, and referred them to several of our friends. nobody is disappointed. they demonstrate excellent workmanship  and they stand behind their work - customer service is unparalleled.*

					gigi w.					|

read more testimonials 





			*results may vary.
		





furthering excellence in the community
squeals landscaping strives to not just meet our clients' expectations, but to exceed them. we encourage our past and current clients to leave a review of our work. we look forward to hearing from you!


rate our service play_arrow








				 4184 pioneer dr				
				commerce charter twp., mi 48390				




				connect with us:
			



 



						call us today for your free estimate
													
(248) 360-7000 








homeaboutlandscaping hardscapinggallery testimonialsblogprivacyservice areas contact 


			the contents of this webpage are copyright © 2025 squeals landscaping, inc.. all rights reserved.
		








marketing for landscapers - 
manage



 





