

  




























saturday audio - chicago audio store with new & used hi-fi equipment for music lovers



























home
brands
new gear
pre-owned gear

closeouts
events
about
contact











 

its cold and snowy here in chicago - but its the right weather for shopping!we have some things on sale - see them here.
 





 

new bluesound all together now!    nano ($299)     node($549)     icon ($999) 
limited quanties now in stock!
the new node family is the most powerful and versatile lineup of wireless music streamers bluesound has ever offered. with carefully selected components and masterfully engineered audio architecture, the three new nodes stand at the pinnacle of hifi design, delivering unmatched sound quality and the latest audio technologies.
 





 

now at saturday audio - kanto audio! 
looking for high performance excellent sounding powered speakers at outrageously afforable prices?
 
kanto delivers! 
two new kanto models are now in stock!!!
 
ren ($599/pr.) remote controlled 200w powered speaker system with hdmi arc input for tv & home theater, usb-c, bluetooth 5.3, and active high/low pass filter for sub out
 
ora4 ($399/pr.) big brother to the ora with 140w powered reference speakers with bluetooth 5.0, usb-c input, 4” woofers with deep bass extension, bi-amplified, 80 hz automatic crossover, and reference quality sound
 
check out: 
yu2 ($229/pr.) and the ora ($349/pr.) desktop speakers 
 
yu4 bookshelf speakers with a phono preamp included! ($379/pr.) 
(shown in picture with optional s4 stands)
 
sub8 ($269) subwoofer.
 
 





 

now on display and available for demo - the new lumin p1 mini! 
we have loved lumin products for years and have many models on display, but when this came in the week, we were just blown away with its sound, features and price!


 
just like its bigger brother, p1 mini is designed to be used as a streamer, a dac, a pre-amplifier or all three! with 5 analogue and digital inputs, a linear power supply and many other components taken from flagship players, lumin p1 mini packs incredible versatility and value into its new slim chassis.


 
check out this cool short video introduction about lumin and the p1 mini here!
 
see all the details about the p1 here!
 





 

dac - a dac takes digital data and transforms it into an analog audio signal... 
saturday audio offers a wide range of dacs and like all of the products we sell here, we have chosen the best "bang for the buck" at prices from $650 to over $10,000. come in or call and we can explain why you need one and help you decide which one is best for your system.
 
here are some of our best sellers
 
weiss dac502 mkii - 4ch - new - now in stock!

 

chord mojo2 
 
eversolo dac-z8
 
merason frerot
 
prima luna evo 100 tube dac
 
weiss 204
 
mcintosh mda200
 






 


saturday audio is proud to represent atc loudspeakers. come in and listen! 
atc (acoustic transducer company) has been impressing people in the pro audio and consumer market for years (as us at sae as well.)
 
if you really want to hear what the artist, the engineer and studio exec’s want you to hear, you owe it to yourself to listen to the speakers the music was made on.
 
hear what you've been missing.
happy 50th anniversary !
this year we were excited to see that they really caught the reviewers eyes at the absoute sound. ..and that they have received four 2024 editor's choice awards. congrats atc! 
 
click to see the most amazing list of their clients - some names you might recognize!
http://live-saturdayaudio.pantheonsite.io/gear/atc-loudspeakers 

            more info
          








 


check out nad m66 nad's award winning bluos streaming dac preamplifier 
recent eisa award winner!
 
check out the reviewers choice award winning review from soundstage! hi-fi here
http://live-saturdayaudio.pantheonsite.io/gear/m66 

            more info
          








 


eversolo's amazing new award winning dmp-a8 is now in stock! 
read all about it here and check out the reviews and videos!
 
is this the new king of stream? you must watch steve huff's breakdown of this unit here.
 
check out out our digital page for other eversolo models.
 
http://live-saturdayaudio.pantheonsite.io/gear/dmp-a8 

            more info
          







 

come in and see saturday audio's headphone experience area!yes, we have been selling high quality headphones and headphone amps for a long time...but we now have dedicated a specific space and added more high quality brands to our product offerings!
 
we are excited to welcome these new headphone brands:    audeze (lcd-3 shown)     sennheiser    
in addition to the current brands that we already sell: (just to name a few)  bowers and wilkins   focal   grado   sony
 
and to welcome these new headphone amp brands:  woo audio ( wa22 2nd gen shown)  sennheiser
in addition to the current brands we already sell:  (just to name a few) :  audioquest dragonfly  chord  bluesound  mcintosh   mytek
 





 

all three wiim amazing affordable high rez streamers are in the house!worldwide reviews agree that the wiim products may be the best value in bringing your existing audio systems up to date. 

want to know the differences between the three? check out "which wiim is for me" here.
 
the pro plus with voice remote is the their true "audiophile-grade" option and now available for just over $200. see all the info here.
 
pro with voice remote is less than $160. see all the info here.
 
mini is less than $100. see all the info here.
 
they are soooo easy to set up. they support of many popular music streaming services in the wiim home app, and you can connect to your nas or local files to stream your favorite music. with the ability to stream gapless playback hi-res 192 khz, 24-bit music and  it's support of wireless multi-room audio, via airplay 2, spotify connect, tidal connect, and more, there is nothing quite like these out there.
 
 





 

want to learn more about the brands we sell? wait! but first how about a tour of saturday audio exchange!
(from 2017, but hey you get the idea!
 
these factory tours are informative and fun.
here are a few that we especially like:)
 
new:  sept 2023 
in-depth bowers & wilkins factory tour | building the 800 series loudspeakers
 
atc loudspeakers factory tour:
 
jl audio factory tour: part 1
jl audio factory tour: part 2
jl audio factory tour: part 3
 
 building the klipsch la scala al5
 
mytek brookyn bridge
 
pro-ject (one) (two)
 
grado headphones and cartridges (pt 1) and (pt 2)
 
 





 

take the tour: see what a local neighborhood av store can offer !lots of products on display and a zillion years of hi fi experience. and then of course there is trixie!
come on in.
 
saturday audio exchange tour
 










we are one of chicagoland's oldest audio stores, providing all levels of new and pre-owned hi-fi equipment to music lovers for 42 years! 
we are a store of music lovers ourselves. we collect and enjoy music in many different formats, both new and old. we have the knowledge, experience and equipment you need to get the music in your life sounding great at a price you can afford.
we often get amazing deals on discontinued and other types of equipment our manufacturers are looking to unload quickly. our pre-owned gear page often changes with the latest used audio equipment we have taken in trade or purchased.
we buy and trade used equipment!  and we run fun and educational seminars and cool events all year long...check 'em out.
please note: all prices are subject to change. call or email for current pricing.
we are not responsible for typographical errors.




saturday audio exchange
1021 w belmont ave
chicago, il. 60657 (map) 


phone773-935-hifi (4434)
toll free800-970-hifi (4434)

info@saturdayaudio.com
store hours


walk-in:
thursday 4pm - 8pm  
saturday and sunday 12pm - 4pm 
by appointment only: monday - friday 12pm- 4pm  

we accept all major credit cards, paypal, and checks. financing available.


















new gear catalogthis site is in no way a comprehensive listing of our stock, but rather an overview of what we do and the gear we carry.stop by or give us a call.
click any category to look at our new gear: 










accessories













cables













cd & bluray players













digital













headphones













integrated amps













power amps













pre-amps













receivers













speakers













subwoofers













turntables








 








what our customers are saying
i have been purchasing hi-fi equipment from saturday audio for over ten years. i was initially drawn to them by their great prices and selection. i soon realized that the folks over at saturday audio are terrific to work with and are very passionate about their products. living out of state, i've had the flawless experience of purchasing equipment from them both online and at the shop. highly recommended!tom s. (mi)i’ve been shopping at saturday audio exchange for all of my audio visual needs for over 25 years. the staff is extremely knowledgeable, finding the perfect product, from a turntable to tv, always keeping my budget in mind. i would recommend saturday audio exchange to anyone who wants quality merchandise.rexx s.i love the fact these guys are audio geeks, and helpful, and knowledgeable. they did not over-sell us and instead talked about our needs and our options in a practical way.deb t.there's no pressure. advice is given when asked for but nobody tries to push a particular product or brand on you. these are music lovers who share their enthusiasm and are happy to help you find the right stuff to meet your needs.bill s.




 

our return policy




get saturday audio updates
enter your email address for gear updates & specials from saturday audio.
sign up


follow saturday audio

facebook
twitter
instagram


privacy policy
terms and conditions



location & contacts
saturday audio exchange
          1021 w belmont ave
          chicago, il. 60657 (map) 


phone 773-935-hifi (4434)
toll free 800-970-hifi (4434)

info@saturdayaudio.com
store hours

          walk-in:
          thursday 4pm - 8pm
          saturday and sunday 12pm - 4pm


          by appointment only:
          monday - friday 12pm - 4pm 










