




































    richmond, va apartments for rent near short pump | harbor village apartments
  















          


   
    

 

 

 




    home



  floor plans



  gallery



  leasing information



  amenities


   pet policy





  virtual tour



  neighborhood



  resident access



  resident reviews



  contact us



  schedule a tour



  apply now






 pet policyharbor village welcomes you and your furry friends! relax on a bench at our leash-free dog park after stopping by the office to pick up a complimentary pet treat.$300 one-time non-refundable pet fee for one pet$450 one-time non-refundable pet fee for two pets$25 pet rent per month per petno breed restrictions.  only one pet from the following breeds permitted: pit bulls/pit bull terriers/staffordshire terriers, rottweilers, doberman pinschers, chow chows, wolf hybrids, alaskan malamutes, presa canarios, and cane corsos are not allowedadditionally, rodents (including ferrets) are not allowedreach out to our leasing team today for more information. we would love to answer any questions you have about our pet policy. 
qualifying criteriatouring: government issued i.d is required to tour. income: income verification is required during the application process.credit/criminal: unsatisfactory credit may require additional deposit & criminal background checks are required.
applicant feesadministrative fee: $300
view career openings



    call us
 804-494-7443
  visit us
 2370 harpoon ctrichmond, va 23294
  office hours
    mon - fri
 9:30 am 
- 5:30 pm


 saturday
 10:00 am 
- 4:00 pm


 sunday
closed









       






 



         

pick your home →




 comfortably secluded in the west end of richmond, va
  harbor village apartments


 harbor village apartments 


  

find your space




    the lifestyle you’ve been looking for.
 located conveniently in the west end, harbor village offers a tranquil, secluded setting with convenient access to short pump and downtown richmond. when you come home to harbor village, you will not only enjoy a huge sundeck overlooking our pool and fishing pond, but also a seasoned, award winning staff and a maintnenance team that is quick to respond to your needs.  see why harbor village is one of the west end's top rated communities.   

choose your space




    
      

  2
bedroom
  

choose your home












   
 a comfortable
oasis near short pump

     apartments

 amenities

 prime location


 

   designed for your comfort


choosing an harbor village apartment means choosing convenience in a home designed to meet your needs. from our newly renovated apartments to our updated community amenities, we have everything you need to fit your lifestyle. begin with online applications, and once you've moved in, take advantage of online payments — we make it easy. check out our floor plans and availability in real-time, browse through our amenities, and explore the neighborhood. we are excited to welcome you to our vibrant community. 

  browse photos





 

   convenience at your doorstep


when it comes to amenities, harbor village apartments has what you need to be more than comfortable in your new home — all in a pet-friendly community.   

  our amenities





 

   choose to live above it all


featuring a historic charm and progressive attitude, richmond is the capital city of virginia. nicknamed the “creative culture,” art, history, and a strong sense of community define this eclectic city. walk through the cobblestone streets to find murals, sculptures, and other forms of public art decorating local businesses and storefronts. from the virginia museum of fine arts to the poe museum, the arts are represented throughout the entire city. 

  see what's nearby










    choose to live above it all
  experience 

harbor village


     

schedule a tour


   

apply today











       

    

 

 

 





 804-494-7443 2370 harpoon ct, henrico, va 23294, united states of america
    mon - fri
 9:30 am 
- 5:30 pm


 saturday
 10:00 am 
- 4:00 pm


 sunday
closed




      



   
 


























   pet friendly logo.







    accessibility



  privacy policy



  sitemap





 100% fluent in spanish,portuguese, and french




   professionally managed by
 


 powered by
 


 website design by
 









  





















































































































  
  share by:










