











	.net components. abcpdf .net for pdf and html conversion. imageglue .net for image manipulation.









 
 




















toggle navigation











products


downloads


purchase


support


contact










.net components.abcpdf .net for pdf and html conversion.imageglue .net for image manipulation.
find out more





    awesome .net software components
    


create dynamic pdf content. let clients upload images to your website. store images as files or in databases. make your website extra sticky...

                our components allow you to create dynamic pdf content, render web pages to images, upload images to your web site, create and
manipulate images and store them as files or in databases, plus much more. download free trials below or find out more...





abcpdf .net
creates dynamic pdfs, including cool features like html to pdf conversion with full css support.


download free trial





imageglue .net
creates, modifies and manipulates quality images, supporting complex formats such as eps and spot psd.


download free trial





wordglue .net
converts ms office word doc and docx to a variety of other formats.


download free trial





abcocr .net
a robust component for optical character recognition (ocr).


download free trial

 





abcpdf .net

abcpdf .net is our flagship product for pdf editing, conversion and manipulation.
it includes three state-of-the-art html to pdf conversion engines. there is google chrome style conversion, or firefox style or internet explorer style, so you can convert complex html pages including modern features like svg and ajax. maps, charts - it's good with all these things.
abcpdf .net supports standards like pdf 2.0, pdf/ua and includes special classes to make and validate pdf/a compliant documents.
transparency flattening allows you to turn complex transparent documents into equivalent opaque, but vector, documents. 
gigapdf™ extremely large document support provides you with support for even the largest of documents. 
our optimization and size reduction allows you to keep documents small, or reduce the size of the ones that have been provided to you.
postscript compatibility provides simple and faithful eps import and export using native color spaces and converted fonts.
turbocharged rendering to many file formats, in native color spaces, at many bit depths, in both raster and vector.
abcpdf .net includes ms word, excel and powerpoint support, native xps, wpf, image effects, 3d and much much more!
 



				“abcpdf is the best component out there. trust me, i've used a lot of them and abcpdf is the one you want to use.” dane watson



imageglue .net

imageglue .net is a high end raster image manipulation product.
where abcpdf .net excels at vector image and document manipulation, imageglue .net excels at raster and bitmap oriented operations.
imageglue .net supports more than eighty different file formats, from common ones like jpeg and png, through to obscure ones like sgi and dng.
imageglue .net is simple to use and makes it easy to write code to add images, lines, shapes and text.
however, simple does not mean that you are limited: it also includes more sophisticated options to allow features like text on a path and layer blending.
most graphics components work in an rgb color space which means that they are inherently limited when it comes to dealing with images in other spaces.
imageglue .net simultaneously handles multiple different color spaces including rgb, cmyk, lab and custom spot or process colors.
we have been working with clients for decades, adapting imageglue to their needs. so, as well as standard options, you will find that imageglue .net also provides unusual and sometimes unique options.
features like adaptive paletization for reduced size indexed color images and support for embedded clipping paths as found in jpeg, tiff and psd files.





thousands of clients all over the world

websupergoo has been developing cutting edge software components since 1999; but don't just take our word for it.

				“i really want to thank you for abcpdf. it’s an incredible product. we think it’s
				by far the best component we have ever used.”

				“there may be better tools than imageglue - but can i imagine them?”

				“i just wanted to say ‘thanks’ for making a product as great as imageglue,
				and for making me look like some kind of genius to my peers and clients.”

				“can’t speak highly enough of abcupload. easy to install, easy to use, flexible, efficient,
				help file included with examples ... can't see why anyone would use anything else.”
indeed our clients include 45+ of the top 100 global brands...*













































* logos are used purely to identify clients and are their trademarks or registered trademarks. there is no implied sponsorship or endorsement by these entities.






websupergoo software

                        new york
                        denver
                        london
                        hong kong
contact us


about us

                        we have been developing cutting edge software components since 1999 and can boast tens of thousands of clients including enterprise level customers like microsoft and hewlett-packard.
                    
about us


products

abcpdf .net
imageglue
wordglue
abcocr


abcupload .net
taskgarden
abcupload asp



essentials

support page
sitemap
cookies & privacy
languages supported
preferred reseller


©1999-2025 websupergoo software






 






