







southwest pa ahec












































































































              about
            

              high school
            

              college
            

              ahec scholars
            

              professionals
            

              community health
            

              volunteer
            



        ☎ (412) 408-3485
      

        hello@southwestahec.org
      

            careers
          













































































abouthigh schoolcollegeahec scholarsprofessionalscommunity healthvolunteer











☎ (412) 408-3485hello@southwestahec.orgcareers









scroll






 

educate. empower.the southwest pennsylvania area health education center is a nonprofit organization dedicated to enhancing access to primary healthcare and contributing toward the quality of health for people in our region, especially in rural and medically underserved areas. our administrative office is located in oakmont.






 











our mission
the mission of the pennsylvania ahec program is to help communities meet their primary health care needs by creating a statewide infrastructure bridging community and academic resources in order to facilitate the recruitment and retention of primary care providers in underserved communities…learn more



 




 

our programs



ahecs are committed to expanding the health care workforce, while understanding the value in diversity and the importance of community, especially in rural and underserved areas.ahecs offer creative, hands-on and innovative health career curriculums, programs, and trainings for individuals, organizations, and academic institutions. 

 







high school students







college students







professionals







community health







health career promotion




    learn more
  



ahec holds an annual summer health career academy. the academy is designed for current ninth and tenth grade students who are interested in learning about opportunities in various health careers and the academic preparation necessary for these careers. also, in collaboration with princeton review, we are able to offer sat/act test prep at a discounted rate of $60. 



ahec scholars




    learn more
  



southwest pa ahec is part of the state-wide pa ahec scholars program which seeks students in pennsylvania health profession degree programs who are interested in working in rural and underserved communities to apply for a competitive, interprofessional two-year, hands-on supplementary course of study focused on providing care in communities with limited resources.



community health workers (chw)




    learn more
  



ahec offers a 100-hour training program designed to provide the core competencies needed for work in community-based and inpatient settings. the training also provides comprehensive information about accessing healthcare and other social/community resources which are specific to the particular area where the training takes place.                                                                          



poverty simulations




    learn more
  



the community action poverty simulation (caps) is a learning tool created to help people understand the realities of poverty. during the simulation exercise, participants role-play the lives of low income families.









 

“july 2021"i loved coming to the chw classes because i knew i would learn something interesting or even new at every class."jaqueda p. |greater hazelwood community collborative 

 






introduction



what we do



our programs



press quote










© 2023 southwest pa ahec565 allegheny avenueoakmont, pa 15139p: (412) 408-3485f: (412) 408-3604hello@southwestahec.org



infomissionstaffprogramspress



actioncareersvolunteercontactdonate





sign up to receive news and updates.




email address






sign up





thank you!































 


    donate
  





southwest pa area health education center
565 allegheny ave,
oakmont,
allegheny
(412) 408-3485
lwilliams@southwestahec.org


hours












