





home | tacoma community house

























































tacoma community house











































































menu



tacoma community house


    tch-logo-bug
  





 tch
 the reach center



services


immigration


education


employment


victim advocacy




events


stories


share your story




about us


our staff


leadership


news


volunteer


careers



donate




language: 


contact us
search 











promoting social justice through equity building programs
about us











close




 



schedule an appointment
find services
find career & service opportunities
know your rights resources







our services











immigration services
tacoma community house is a department of justice (d.o.j.) accredited organization, meaning we are authorized and highly trained to provide immigration assistance to clients in need. our immigration specialists speak spanish, russian, ukrainian, vietnamese, and japanese, but we serve individuals who come from different backgrounds and speak many languages.




 






education services
do you want to learn english, prepare for your ged®, or improve your basic math, reading, writing, and computer skills? tacoma community house (tch) offers adult education classes. let our supportive, experienced teachers help you reach your goals! 




 






employment services
we offer employment services for adults who want to improve their skill set, build self-confidence, and find a job that aligns with their financial and career goals. we maintain connections with dozens of employers who are looking to hire people just like you!




 






victim advocacy
tacoma community house provides free services and support to individuals who have been harmed by sexual assault, human trafficking, and many other crimes. we will pair you with a caring legal advocate who understands the law and your rights so that you may return to a place of safety, stability, and independence.




 





the reach center
at the reach center, our mission is to equip and embolden young people to achieve success in education and employment through a strong network of dedicated partners.







make a difference by donating today
donate now
 











who we are
tacoma community house is a nationally-respected, community-based service center for immigrants, refugees, and long-time south sound residents seeking enrichment and pathways to self-sufficiency. for over 110 years, we have helped countless individuals gain the skills they need to transition out of poverty, navigate a new culture, and find personal and professional success.















the reach center at tacoma community house
at the reach center, our mission is to equip and embolden young people to achieve success in education and employment through a strong network of dedicated partners.

learn more












the kindness and compassion i see and experience in my daily interactions with the tch community motivates me.

tch staff









2023 service numbers


1214
immigration 


515
education


420
employment


288
victim advocacy






latest news
view all news








may 6, 2024
2024 annual luncheon recap
a heartfelt thank you to all who attended, sponsors, supporters, and our dedicated staff.













march 28, 2024
gathering perspectives: beyond borders (recap 3.27)
last night we held our "gathering perspectives: beyond borders" panel discussion event in partnership with tacoma legal coach, llc.













march 6, 2024
cesar’s story
congratulations to cesar and his family.









view all news






upcoming events
view all events




fri
21


march 21 @ 9:00 am - 5:00 pm
citizenship day




fri
18


april 18 @ 11:00 am - 2:00 pm
job fair




fri
2


may 2 @ 11:30 am - 1:00 pm
breaking barriers | building futures: tacoma community house annual luncheon




view all events





schedule an appointment
please call us at (253)383-3951 or stop by our office.

contact us








tacoma community house












































































services
events
stories
about us



phone
                (253) 383-3951
                email
info@tacomacommunityhouse.org
address
                1314 south l street
tacoma, wa 98405
                office hours

monday-thursday8:00am - 3:30pm
fridayby appointment only
weekendsclosed



connect with us




 facebook



 twitter



 instagram



 youtube






stay updated on the latest news
"*" indicates required fields

first name*last name*email*

emailthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
  




















 tacoma community house is a 501(c)(3) charitable organization. donations made to tacoma community house are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law. (ein: 91-0570872)
donate now





close

search


search







chat with us, powered by livechat






















