



	emedny homepage






















 


home | self help | glossary | site map 








what's new

what's new
archives


information

information 
practitioner administered drug (pad) search tool
emedny paper forms 
pharmacy formulary file 
enrolled practitioners search (including opra)
etin information
timely billing information
utilization threshold program
icd-10
new medicare cards
request for financial reports
request for provider reports


providerenrollment

medicaid managed care network providers 
national diabetes prevention program (ndpp)
provider index 
provider maintenance forms 
provider enrollment guide 
application fee
how do i?
 opra faqs
 change of address
revalidation information
request for provider reports


providermanuals

provider manuals 
information for all providers
mevs and supplemental documentation 


provider outreachand training

training calendar & registration 
training videos
contact provider outreach
additional resources
about provider outreach


contacts

emedny contacts 
healthcare-related links 
nys doh contacts 


emedny hipaa support

overview
what's new 
834 faqs
faqs
privacy and security 
transaction instructions 
issues form 
online resources 
crosswalks 
edit/error knowledge base (eekb) search tool 


 emedny tools center 

epaces 
exchange 
nyrx
provider enrollment maintenance portal  
web portal 
wage parity
electronic visit verification (evv)  
enter facilities practioner's npis
listserv® 
submitter dashboard
paxpress 
go green 
request for financial reports
request for payoff balance
request for provider reports
medicaid updates


ptar 

ptar overview 
archives 
ptar login




















login epaces
epaces information

login exchange
exchange information


medicaid nyrx
member resource site

provider enrollmentmaintenance portal
web portal
web portal information  
enteral web portal

login ptar
ptar information 
wage parity
electronic visit verification (evv)
enter facilitiespractitioner's npis

emednylistserv®
submitterdashboard

dashboard information
test environment
paxpress®
information

medicaid updates

click to view electronic / pdf remit applications










available for practitioners onlyadditional provider types will be able to use this portal at a later time. practitioners can submit certain maintenance transactions in the provider enrollment maintenance portal instead of mailing a paper form. click for more information.







medicaid members enrolled in mainstream managed care (mc) plans, health and recovery plans (harps), and hiv-special needs plan (snps) will receive their pharmacy benefits through nyrx, the medicaid pharmacy program.
























 
 
 
 


notices










 january 16, 2025attention:  emedny provider training videos available	
 emedny offers recorded training videos on a variety of topics that allow providers and staff an
alternative learning option that is easy to access and available online. providers and staff can learn at their own pace and access training content via computer at any time. videos recently added and currently available include, but are not limited to: medicaid revalidation for practitioners electronic (era) or pdf remittance advice request form instructions fee-for-service practitioner enrollment application epaces – how to revise a prior approval request for dme epaces – how to cancel a dvs request for dme prior authorization roster for transportation providers  epaces for doulasto view the full list of recorded training videos, visit the emedny "provider training videos" web page. emedny strongly encourages providers to continually monitor the web page for new recorded training videos.  november 27, 2024attention:  2025 nys medicaid dental policy and procedure code manual and updated fee schedule	 the 2025 dental policy and procedure codes manual and fee schedule have been posted. changes reflected in the manual are effective for dates of service beginning january 1, 2025. questions related to manual and fee schedule updates can be directed to the bureau of dental review at dentalpolicy@health.ny.gov, or (800) 342-3005, option 2. billing related questions can be directed to gdit at (800) 343-9000.
click here for the dental manual page
 november 20, 2024attention:  a new provider communication has been posted for dme and pharmacy providers 	
orthopedic footwear quantity update for durable medical equipment, prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (dmepos) providerseffective january 1, 2025, service limits for all adult orthopedic shoes, shoe additions, shoe inserts, (removable, molded to patient model), and arch supports (removable, pre-molded and non-removable attached to shoe) have been aligned for consistency. all adult shoes and inserts will have an allowed frequency of one (shoe or insert), 2x/year, allowing them to be dispensed individually or as a pair. claims processing and frequencies in our emedny system have been aligned to correspond to the allowed frequency currently in the dmepos procedure code manual.    click here to read more 






 

hover your mouse over the notice box to stop playback. for automatic play, exit your mouse cursor from the box.


archived notices


featured links




nyrx medicaid pharmacy program
 new york state department of health
emednyhipaasupport - hipaa x12 5010 & ncpdp version d.0
medicaid update - new york state department of health
clinical criteria worksheets for practitioner administered drugs





etin information
medicare crossover
 preferred drug program website
 provider enrollment forms
 provider self help







             
             
             
            
             
            




attention: medicaid now requires all billing providers to register for electronic funds transfer (eft) payments and either electronic remittance advice (era) or pdf remittances.
billing providers who have not registered for eft and era or pdf remittances will not be allowed to re-certify their electronic transmitter id number (etin). when the etin expires a provider's claims will be rejected by emedny. it is therefore very important that providers who have not registered for eft and era or pdf remittances do so right away. waiting for your etin to approach expiration will jeopardize your payments.




 complete the eft form

 

 complete the era/pdf form




please read the eft form instructions carefully. 

an original voided check or original signed and notarized letter from your bank is required. 
the tax number entered on the form must match the tax number for the provider npi on the form.  
be sure to complete all fields. 
only original signed forms will be processed.
note:  instead of filling out the eft authorization form above, you can complete the form online at: https://portal.emedny.org/provider/


 

please read theera/pdf form instructions carefully.

before submitting this form providers must be registered for either an emedny exchange in-box or be registered for an ftp account with emedny. 
to register for an exchange in-box the provider must be enrolled in epaces. 
the epaces account name is the same one used for exchange. 
ftp users must have submitted a security packet b to establish the ftp account before submitting the era/pdf request form. 
pdf remittances look like the paper remit but are delivered via the exchange in-box. eras delivered via either exchange or ftp requires software to interpret the hipaa-formatted information.
note:  instead of filling out the electronic or pdf remittance advice request form above, you can complete the form online at: https://portal.emedny.org/provider/














035-5:05:47 am






copyright © 2025 doh. all rights reserved.
this website is provided as a service for providers and the general public, as part of the offerings of the electronic medicaid system of new york state. you'll be able to find helpful manuals and reference material, and get answers to questions about new york medicaid. the site is updated regularly to meet the ever-growing needs of the new york state provider community. if you need help finding what you're looking for, please visit our site map, use the search above, or you can contact us directly for assistance.

 

homeglossaryprivacy policysite mapself helpcontact us
epaces loginexchange login
web portal








