







global awakening - healing and revival ministry founded by randy clark


































































































 
















		skip to content













 










main menu

 

home
events

greater things
voice of the apostles
voice of the prophets
other events


trips

brazil
mexico
mozambique
switzerland
youth power invasion


education

college of ministry
gssm
global awakening theological seminary (gats)
global supernatural discipleship (gsd)
voice of the women


marketplace

business intensive
ministry trip
membership
podcast
masterclasses


network
local
resources

books & media
blog
new believer?
voice of the women


about

about global awakening
our team
host an event
invite a speaker
contact us
careers


donate



















 









global awakening 



a global community of believers empowered to awaken the world. 
















global awakening 



voice of the apostles
october 23-26, 2024 



it is time for the voice of the father! join in person or online. 










join online








voa24 schedule


















 

 

 













join the movement 







 













 




voice of the prophets gathers prophetic voices from across the generations to equip, build up, and unify the body of christ. we  present vop as an opportunity for believers to come together, be encouraged, and hear what god is saying from a global perspective. 






more information




















are you searching for fresh empowerment from god? 



do you long to live a supernatural lifestyle? 



are you curious what god has next for you?
 







 











step 1 



receive power from god 







step 2 



take your risk 







step 3 



fulfill your destiny 



















where miracles happen 



rediscover community, receive in-person ministry, and be commissioned by a broad range of speakers. 
















 









 









 









 












 
find other events near you















more than a mission trip 



join our ministry team as we travel around the world. put action to your faith, activate your gifts, and find new friends. 








 




australia 








 




brazil 








 




colombia 












 




mexico 








 




mozambique 








 




switzerland 



















 
choose a destination



















education 



go deeper in your theology, get practical ministry training, and get a degree. this is spirit + word education. 
















 









 









 
















 
see what’s next for you



















books & media 



books & curriculum from randy clark and the global awakening associates, plus our online video streaming service. 








 








 
visit store












 







sign up for $9.99/month



















 
find more revival fuel







































become a network member 



if you’re a pastor, ministry leader, or missionary, this is for you! find connection, training, resources, and community here. 










join the family

























 







partner with us 



have you been impacted by one of global awakening’s events?we would love for you to partner with us. it’s through your heartfelt donations that you will: 






 
inspire encounters



 
influence the influencers



 
impact innovation



 
illuminate inspiration









partner with us























are you a business leader? 



we are calling on kings & priests to bring heaven’s solutions and strategies into the marketplace. let god show you your full potential to supernaturally transform the workplace through the power of the holy spirit. 










learn more





















 



 







your invitation 



for all believers everywhere, global awakening presents an opportunity to receive power from god. we offer ourselves as evidence that god uses the unqualified when we’re willing to take a risk. we strengthen each other through community & theology, and we call out to all those who feel ill equipped, isolated, and hungry, saying: you belong. to the sick, we offer a community of faith that will believe for your healing. to the skeptic, we offer our stories and our lives as fruit of jesus’ work. come receive from god what you need; come learn how to take risks in your faith; come join us as we each fulfill god’s dream for us.  






learn more about us















join the movement 







 










 









 global awakening was birthed by randy clark in january 1994 as a result of god using him to bring the fire of revival to the toronto airport christian fellowship. its mandate today is to foster a global community of believers empowered to awaken the world.

 

 



more opportunitieshealing testimonies
dance revelation
invite a speaker
host an event
about global awakening
get prayer
careers
 



1-866-awakening
local: (717) 796-9866goglobal@globalawakening.com
1451 clark streetmechanicsburg, pa 17055u.s.a. get directions  









copyright © 2025 global awakening. designed by gidds media.
 



privacy policy. terms & conditions.
 










scroll to top
















































 



