




docuseek | home page




































main content





browse
new releases
subjects
collections


log in
register
help





log in
register
help




 


















docuseek
introducing the complete collection 4th edition





the five demands
riveting story about the student strike that changed the face of higher education forever.





israelism
the relationship between the american jewish community and israel





lyd
a city that once connected palestine to the world





pragda stream
raising the voice of latin cinema





navalny
the academy-award® winner





the dmitriev affair
a tale of one man's fight against the erasure of history by the russian state





the battle of chile
50 years since the u.s.-led coup in chile...





written on the landscape
the ancestral puebloan culture's complex astronomy





the oil machine
can we break our oil addiction?





razing liberty square
a community fights against climate gentrification





single-use planet
the consequences of single-use plastic production





a woman on the outside
the legacy of mass incarceration





good docs
documentaries that do good





togoland projections
a film director shows long forgotten, historical footage of togo to modern audiences





tiktok, boom. (director's cut)
dissecting the impact of the history-making app





little palestine, diary of a siege
diary of daily life in the biggest palestinian refugee camp in syria





where can we live in peace?
the migrant crisis through the lens of a safehouse where thousands receive help















!


































popular films
				













powerlands
a young navajo filmmaker investigates the displacement of indigenous people and the environmental devastation…



power to heal
tells a poignant chapter in the historic struggle to secure equal and adequate access to healthcare for all…



the true cost
groundbreaking investigation of fast fashion reveals that while the price of clothing has been decreasing for…



the loving story
oscar-shortlist selection, this is the definitive account of loving v. virginia, the landmark 1967 supreme…



the legacy of malthus
argues that overpopulation is not the real cause of poverty in india or elsewhere.



no más bebés
mexican-american women fighting for justice after being sterilized against their will.



bamako
directed by abderrahmane sissako, bamako is both a courtroom drama and portrait of everyday mali life.



street fight
academy award-nominated film tells the gripping story of the race for mayor of newark, n.j., where elections…



damnation
explores the sea change in national attitude from pride in big dams as engineering wonders to the call for…



the providers
three healthcare providers bring care to a rural american community, showing the transformative power of providers'…




































spotlight on israel / palestine				













al helm
an african american gospel choir goes to palestine to sing in a palestinian play about martin luther king, jr.. becoming witnesses to life under occupation.



and there was israel
an accessible, clearly argued essay on how israel came to be.



antisemitism
traces antisemitism in france from its origin the middle ages, through the dreyfus affair, to today.



disturbing the peace
a film about people born into conflict, sworn to be enemies, palestinians and israelis, who challenged their fate and joined together to say "enough."



edward said: the last interview
an extended discussion with noted literary critic and palestinian activist edward said filmed less than a year before his death.



exile, a myth unearthed - part 1
a new look at history that re-shapes the middle east conflict.



gaza
gaza offers an enriching portrait of a people attempting to lead meaningful lives against the rubble of perennial conflict.



infiltrators
with a raw, observational style, infiltrators follows successive attempts by palestinians to cross the 20 foot high wall that separates the occupied territories from israel.



israelism
now available! two american jews travel to israel seeking to understand the country they were raised to love and discover that the reality doesn't match their expectations.



lyd
the story of a city that once connected palestine to the world – what it once was, what it is now, and what it could have become.






































top subjects
					







agriculture and food
anthropology and archaeology
area studies
art and architecture
business, labor and economics
communication and media studies
criminal justice, law and legal studies
cultural and ethnic studies
development


education
environment
gender studies
geography
health, healthcare, medicine and nursing
history
languages and literature
philosophy, critical thinking and ethics
politics and political science


psychology and mental health
recreation and sports
religion and spirituality
science and technology
social issues
social studies
sociology
world regions


view all subjects


exclusive academic streaming from renowned documentary film distributors.
				





















docuseek features
					








over 2500 titles
flexible licensing options
curate your own collection
high quality encoding and variable bitrates




support for desktop and mobile devices
high performance content delivery
marc records
searchable, interactive transcripts




lti support
detailed analytics
free 10-minute previews 
free 30-day trial for qualifying institutions



register now






footer options

explore docuseek

home
browse
new releases
about
promote
contact
help

newsletters
classic theme
ovid.tv



enter your email address below to sign up for our newsletter







sign up


 


be social







©2025 docuseek, llcall rights reserved | privacy statement | accessibility statement
docuseek build 3.0.029-a-3.1.13-8.2.23-e

cookie consent

				this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.
				learn more


got it









