





  resurrection – to know christ and make him known










































 skip to primary navigation skip to main content skip to footerresurrectionto know christ and make him knownsundays
vestry
new here?
groups
prayer requests
calendar
about us

calendar
ministry team
join the team!
contact


giving
livestream
 

there is a place for you here
we’re a church passionate about our neighbourhood and all the people in it. 

                say hello            




a parish in the neighbourhood.
what does a healthy community look like? how can faith and the neighbourhood connect? could church be more than just a sunday event?
our members are passionate about sharing, loving, and being a part of the journey of exploring these questions together. hear their stories and experiences in small groups, cell churches, our local garden, and more.


                our groups            




in it, together

                    our vision                







we're here for you

                    submit a prayer request                



sunday services
we are worshipping in person and online sundays at 10:30 am including children and youth ministry. we live stream our sunday service via zoom. please join us in worship.
click here for details.




                calendar            




sundays


connect


giving


about us




the lord’s house
the church of the resurrection is an anglican church located in toronto’s east end, and founded over 100 years ago by neighbours who had a big vision for this neighbourhood. for many decades, the church experienced phenomenal growth, with hundreds of kids showing up every week for sunday school.
declining attendance in the 80s and 90s led to a core, dedicated congregation who in 2000 faced a tough decision: continued decline or … what exactly. and so they embarked on a remarkable journey when the rev. duke vipperman, along with a tithe of families and members from toronto’s little trinity church, and another set of the adventurous from all across the city came to reboot the rez, starting an extraordinary experiment we are still on today
the rez continues to experiment and grow, with a deep commitment to being a parish in the neighbourhood, for the neighbourhood, with the neighbourhood and of the neighbourhood. we believe god is deeply at work here, and we have a deep calling to join him on the journey in toronto’s east. our worship is informal and rooted in anglican traditions. we value preaching, biblical teaching for all ages, liturgical worship (with broad musical expressions) and prayer.



footer

	church of the resurrection


	1100 woodbine ave


	toronto, ontario m4c 4c7


	phone:(416) 425-8383

embedgooglemap.net
new here?
find your people

groups


connect with us

contact



sundays

sermons


about us

giving











