


























aplastic anemia & myelodysplasia association of canada










































































 






volunteer
aamac is grateful to our volunteers who donate their time and expertise.
let us know if you are interested in knowing about volunteer opportunities.

contact us 










clinical trials
do you have mds and are interested in participating in a clinical trial?
please click here to see if you qualify. if you feel that you qualify, please print the clinical trial information and discuss with your oncologist/hematologist.
presently the trial is being conducted at: juravinski cancer centre at hamilton health sciences centre, princess margaret hospital and odette cancer centre at sunnybrook hospital.












patient support
aamac funds research into bone marrow failure diseases such as aplastic anemia, pnh and mds. the following are current examples of work we at aamac are proud to fund.

telephone and e-mail peer-to-peer support
educational material
quarterly newsletter
local support group meetings

we have meetings in ottawa, london, hamilton, edmonton, quebec, and toronto this spring. find a meeting near you!

meetings & events questions and answers about our patient support group meetings contact us 












general information

disease information
treatment
research
clinical trials
covid-19 information
useful links


how we can help

about us
meetings & events
videos
resources presentationseducational materialsnewslettersarticles of interest
emergency room cards
board of directors and personnel
patient tracker


how you can help

donate
volunteer
planned giving
tree of life
more ways you can help


brand guidelines

brand assets






 

 

 

 

 


© 2025 aplastic anemia & myelodysplasia association of canada | charitable registration no. 87557 2265 rr0001 designed and developed by digilite
aamac privacy policy














donate
contact us
français







 


supporting canadians
with bone marrow
failure diseases







donate
contact us
français




 
supporting canadians
with bone marrow
failure diseases











disease information





treatment





patient support





clinical trials




what we do the aplastic anemia & myelodysplasia association of canada (aamac) is a leading funder of research into bone marrow failure diseases in canada. our volunteer-run organization supports patients and caregivers across the country who are living with aplastic anemia, myelodysplastic syndrome (also called mds or myelodysplasia) and paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (pnh).

mission

to provide a seamless support network for every canadian patient, family member, friend, and concerned healthcare provider dealing with aplastic anemia, myelodysplasia and paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria.

vision

to support all canadians and their families and friends through diagnosis, treatment and remission stages of these diseases.


 it's in me to win! click here to order or download a copy of aamac's children's book. 


featured events







central canada patient support group meetings
february 12, 2025 join us at a free patient support meeting.

in these difficult times, aamac is here for you. you may be alone ...
            register 






western canada patient support group meetings
february 17, 2025 join us at a free patient support meeting.

in these difficult times, aamac is here for you. you may be alone ...
            register 






atlantic canada patient support group meetings
february 20, 2025 join us at a free patient support meeting.

what to expect at a support group meeting?
share stories, compare...
            register 






vancouver patient education meeting – in-person
march 29, 2025 

save the date

date: saturday, march 29, 2025

time: 8:30am – 1:30pm

venue: capilano room, holiday in...
            register 




more



latest news












marrow failure & myelodysplasia (mfm) patient and family conference

06-07-2023 - 14:07

save the date!
join sick kids for a virtual marrow failure & myelodysplasia (mfm) patient and family confer...












paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (pnh) study

31-08-2023 - 21:08

sorry, this entry is only available in french.if you are interested in participating and sharing your experience...












severe aplastic anemia (saa) survey – eltrombopag

03-05-2023 - 10:05

we are looking for individuals with severe aplastic anemia (saa) and individuals who have been treated with eltr...












addressing pnh unmet medical needs: a policy roadmap to aspire for change

03-01-2023 - 15:01

below is a  recording of a multi-stakeholder online conference held on december 7, 2022 and organised by partner...





more







you can help someone living with aa, mds & pnh by making a donation. even a small donation makes a big difference. thank-you.
donate










