   
 decentralized information group





,
   



about dig
projects
people
publications
info for students
contact us



tweets by
dig_csail 

 about
us
based at mit's computer science and artificial intelligence
laboratory, the decentralized information group is led
by tim
berners-lee and lalana
kagal. 

we are interested in investigating decentralized techniques and
technologies that effect social change. we are exploring how to
radically change the way web applications work today, resulting in
decentralized architectures that enable true data ownership with
the solid project; working on
frameworks that ensure information can be shared, used, and
manipulated in a way that is compliant with regulation, business
rules, social norms, and user preferences; investigating methodologies
to make algorithms trustworthy and accountable, as well as harnessing
mobile technologies for disaster relief. 

dig's work is closely coordinated with the activities of
the world wide web consortium, the
international standards-setting organization for the web. we are
also associated with
the internet policy research
initiative.




some
of our
projects  

  
solid:  solid (derived from "social linked data") is a proposed set of conventions and tools for building decentralized social applications based on linked data principles. the project aims to radically change the way web applications work today, resulting in true data ownership as well as improved privacy. [paper, presentation] 
 
punya: an application platform for building mobile linked data apps with specific functionality for disaster management. [paper, demo] 

 
  tabulator
extension: a firefox extension that provides a human-readable
interface for linked data. it is based on
the tabulator
browser for semantic web information
(rdf). [paper, presentation]
 semantic
clipboard: an enhancement to the tabulator extension that allows
cutting and pasting of pictures that preserves policy information
such as the copyright
license. [paper, presentation, screencast] 
   






updated: $date: 2017-04-03 17:17:35 -0400 (mon, 03 apr 2017) $ 




