ï»¿



shock and vibration exchange














 
















save
shock and vibration exchange









                            navigation 




home 


contact us




about 


staff
awards




symposium 


previous symposia




shock courses 


practical shock course

mechanical shock testing mil-dtl-901e shock qualification


publications














 





94th shock and vibration symposium
 
the 2024 symposium was  held november 3 - 7, 2024 at the hyatt regency in downtown dallas. the event   boasted an incredible technical program with a robust lineup of presentations, tutorials, and training topics. 
 
details and downloads are summarized in our event wrap-up page using the link below.

 more information


 













94th symposium wrap-up:

					november 3-7, 2024
				  dallas, tx
- manuscripts are due by february 28, 2025. formal proceedings from the 94th shock and vibration symposium will be available in april 2025. 
- still accepting nominations for henry pusey best paper award!
- still accepting nominations for award for excellence in instruction!
- contact our staff with any questions about your attendance at our most recent symposium.
 





save activities:
- we are pleased to announce that a searchable pdf of all available archived proceedings paper from the inaugural s&v symposium through the most current is now available! visit our technical papers page for more information. 
 
 





shock courses
the shock and vibration exchange, along with hi-test laboratories, proudly offers and/or partners to offer three shock courses:
practical shock analysis & design
(a five-day course) 
 
mechanical shock testing & data analysis 
(a three day course)
 
mil-dtl-901e shock qualification
(a five day course)
 
click the links for additional information.




 



































about company
the shock and vibration exchange was founded in 2012 in order to                 serve as a clearing house for persons interested in shock and                 vibration and related specialties.
 


 


 


get in touch



phone:

                        (434) 581-3041                                                                      
                    

email:

drew.perkins@savecenter.org



address:

                        po box 165
                        arvonia, virginia 23004







 
            copyright â© 2012 shock and vibration exchange. all rights reserved.
            
























