





aprs: automatic position reporting system




aprs: automatic position reporting system
aprs is a system developed by bob bruninga, wb4apr,  which uses 
amateur radio to 
transmit position reports, weather reports, and messages between users.
my contribution is the internet portion of the system. although ham radio is
capable of digital long distance communications, it tends to be slow and unreliable,
especially when compared to the internet. i've written software to take the 
data received locally and make it available via the internet, to be displayed
with a java applet.

what you are looking at here is a number of position reports from amateur
radio operators in south florida. at times you may see vehicles, planes, or boats moving 
around town. these vehicles obtain their location using the satellite system known
as gps, 
and transmit that position for others to follow. there are also a few
weather stations visible on the map. click on one of these to see their current
weather conditions.

you can select different maps from the menu at the bottom of the applet, 
zoom in and out, and scroll with different keys. see the list below for details.
for more info on aprs, check out the 
aprs virtual meeting.
for information about how to get started in aprs, 
try this link.

you can  see a 
replay of the 1998 dayton hamvention activity here.




(be patient...the applet, map and data files are over 200k, so depending
on your connection speed it may take a couple of minutes to load.)










sorry, your browser doesn't do java!
if it did, you'd see something like this!






javaprs commands (case insensitive)

u or pgup zooms up (wider view)


d or pgdn zooms down (narrower view)


l lists stations heard to the java console


w lists only weather station reports to the java console


b lists beacons to the java console


i lists id reports to the java console


m lists last 25 messages to the java console


ctrl-click centers map on clicked location


alt-click zooms in on clicked location


arrow keys scrolls map



clicking on a station shows its information in the status bar


for a page that starts with a usa map, and doesn't have the introductory test,
look here.
javaprs written by steve dimse, k4hg.
mail comments to steve@dimse.com
steve's home page
steve's javaprs page.
want to add javaprs to your web pages? here's how.

aprs is a registered trademark of aprs software and bob bruninga, wb4apr.

