







duplicating products
















































0








        skip to content
      

































about


products & services


(770) 532-9932






























                    customer support
                  






open menu
close menu


































about


products & services


(770) 532-9932






























                    customer support
                  






open menu
close menu






















about


products & services


(770) 532-9932




























                customer support
              



















streamline your office.maximize productivity.quality office equipment & personal service since 1974.




    talk to a representative
  














is your current office setup costing you time and money?outdated technology and inefficient workflows can cause unnecessary stress and reduce productivity. don’t let these challenges hold your business back.














comprehensive office solutionstailored to your needsat duplicating products, we do more than provide top-tier equipment. our suite of services is designed to ensure your business operates efficiently and cost-effectively.






















multifunction systems

simplify office tasks with al-in-one systems. streamline printing, scanning, and copying with reliable multifunction devices designed for efficiency.











production print systems

boost productivity with high-volume printing. handle large-scale jobs with professional-grade production printers that deliver quality and speed.











wide format systems

print big with precision and flexibility. get high-quality, large-format prints for signage, cad drawings, and more—all in-house.











mailing solutions

streamline your mailing and document handling. save time and money with efficient mailing systems and local service you can trust.











managed print services

take control of your print environment. reduce costs, eliminate waste, and automate your printing with customized managed print solutions.











paper handling equipment

effortlessly handle documents from start to finish. automate your paper processes with equipment that cuts, folds, shreds, and more.







        explore our products & services
      







































over 50 years of exceptional office products and support.as the region's largest independent canon, ricoh, and hp dealer, duplicating products can offer the industry’s best equipment but with local personal service.




    learn more about us
  














service is our #1 priority.duplicating products is big enough to handle all your printing needs yet small enough to truly care about your organization.our unparalleled service team consists of 30 local technicians with over 400 years of combined experience. we pride ourselves on our average response time of 3 hours, leading the way in northeast georgia and metro atlanta.




    click here for support
  






















all service printing
“i have been a customer of duplicating products for over 10 years. the machines we get from them produce great looking material and the service staff keeps us going. i can always count on them to work with me to get me up and running as quickly as possible”






the longstreet clinic, pc
“matt nix and his staff operate their organization with honesty and integrity. they just take good care of us - this is not a business relationship that i have to worry about, and that makes my job much easier.”






smith, cavin & corbin, llc
“your service team is fantastic and everyone in your organization is fantastic.”






fieldale farms
“duplicating products has provided fieldale farms many years of dedicated service. anytime we at fieldale have had any problems with the machines, duplicating products has gone above and beyond to help us and fix whatever the problem may be.” 






the big green egg
“as we continue to grow, duplicating products will be our partner as our need for office equipment expands. we look forward to many more years of a business relationship.”






toccoa falls college
“they consistently provide great customer service both in assisting us find the right solution to match our needs, as well as, servicing our machines. dpi listens to our need, helps us identify an affordable solution, delivers on time, and then steps back and maintains our products."






lumpkin county
give your staff a big thank you from me. it is a pleasure working with them. thank you again for all you do to keep us happy.”






city of cornelia
“we have been with duplicating products for many years and have found their customer service to be excellent. the sales and support staffs respond promptly to calls.”






fannin county chamber of commerce
“the customer service has always been outstanding in the 10 years we have been a customer. thank you!”






don carter realty
“our company has had a great working relationship with duplicating products for a number of years. i appreciate so much their honesty, integrity, work ethic and the service they have provided to don carter realty."






gainesville heart & vascular group, p.c.
“rodney and the staff at duplicating products have always been very professional and very helpful as the needs of our practice changed. duplicating products has come to our rescue many times when any of our printers or faxes has given us a problem.”






union county chamber of commerce
“dpi is a valuable partner for my organization. their outstanding products, superior service, and innovative business solutions all within my budget are the reasons i am not just a customer, but a raving fan!”






the georgia poultry federation
“the products and service from duplicating products have been superb -- all of us enjoy knowing and working with them and have for many years.”





























































improve your office’s productivity and efficiency.talk to one of our professional representatives today.




    schedule an appointment today
  





























serving northeast georgiacustomer supportproducts & servicesservice areaoffice locationsemploymentcontact2305 centennial drivegainesville, georgia 30504(770) 532-9932 (800) 633-8659©2025 duplicating products


















































































































