












home | legal aid of western ohio, inc. (lawo)



























































skip to the content












menu













legal aid of western ohio, inc. (lawo)




search the site




expand search





news & resources


careers with lawo


contact & locations


lawo in the news




















get legal help




                                    areas of impact
                                






consumer and economic justice                    





fairness in education                    





safety & stability for domestic abuse survivors                    





healthcare & economic stability                    





housing justice & community economic development                    





agricultural workers & immigrant rights                    





medical-legal partnerships for children                    





empowering seniors                    





innovation & technology                    





assisting veterans                    







                                    volunteer
                                






attorneys                    





law students, paralegals & law grads                    





clinics & events                    





additional opportunities & resources                    





become a volunteer                    







                                    support our work
                                






donate now                    





dayton campaigns                    






access to justice awards celebration                    





justice on tap                    







toledo campaigns                    





planned giving                    





giving resources                    





celebrating 70 years of legal aid in western ohio                    







                                    about lawo
                                






our staff                    





funders                    





board of trustees                    





annual reports                    





our clients                    































justice for all 
at a time of great economic and health uncertainty, lawo protects families trying to stay safe and housed. by protecting the rights of tenants, we can all help create a stronger community.


see our impact in housing





















generations of justice 
the law is a powerful tool for ensuring access to opportunities many of us take for granted. lawo was founded to right the wrongs that disproportionately affect communities of color and people living in poverty. for over 20 years, lawo has made justice a reality for people who had nowhere else to turn. 


learn more about lawo





















increasing economic stability and opportunity 
14 out of every 100 people live in poverty in our service area. each year, over 70% of people living in poverty confront a civil legal problem that jeopardizes their families and must navigate complex legal systems without an attorney to help them. we partner with our clients and with community partners on legal solutions to the issues keeping communities in poverty.


read more about our impact














donate now


to us, advocacy is a group effort.
prevent homelessness and protect renters from unhealthy living conditions. protect veterans and independence and self-determination for seniors. ensure access to healthcare and education. support a level playing field in financial transactions. lift up the voices of people often unheard and left behind.
choose an area of impact to learn more.  support justice here.
learn about our work in northwest ohio.
learn about our work in the miami valley region.





















 

legal aid of western ohio, inc. (lawo) is a nonprofit law firm that champions equity and justice through client centered community collaboration and transformative legal advocacy.

 


 
















celebrating lsc's 50th anniversary

join us in honoring legal services corporation's milestone anniversary.

learn more








support for survivors

read about three programs we offer that provide legal assistance and support to survivors.

learn more








right to counsel housing representation

we're expanding eviction legal assistance in lucas county.

read more








lawo helps victim of ponzi scheme 

this case highlights the importance of lawo services in protecting vulnerable older adults from financial exploitation and fraud from predatory people and companies.

read more














protect yourself from online scammers
older adults are often targeted by online scammers due to their perceived vulnerability and lack of familiarity with modern technology. many older people may not realize that they are being scammed until it's too late, leaving them susceptible to identity theft, financial loss, and other harmful consequences.
we've listed a few ways to make sure our clients and community members are safe and protected from online threats.
read tips to avoid online scammers.











volunteerism creates a ripple effectvolunteer time creates a powerful ripple effect that touches countless lives and sustains vital work in our communities. at lawo, we see this first-hand every day through our pro bono program, where we work with generous attorneys and law firms who dedicate their time and expertise to assist low-income people across our 32-county service area. we're grateful for our current volunteers and want to reach even more people who are interested in joining our pro bono program.learn more about how you can work with us and our community partners to make a difference.
volunteerism creates a ripple effect

















celebrating 70 years of legal aid in western ohio














for the past 70 years, legal aid has been successfully living its mission of providing free, comprehensive legal assistance to people living in poverty in civil (non-criminal) cases. since 1952, that mission has spread from toledo to cover 32 western ohio counties, and agricultural workers throughout the state. legal aid of western ohio, inc. (lawo) proudly carries on the work of the toledo legal aid society and the other legal services organizations that preceded it in serving western ohio individuals and households with civil law problems.
now we are called to pause, reflect, and honor the people, experiences, and stories that made us who we are today. and to look confidently toward our future.
produced by darrell robinson media, "together" is a feature length documentary that celebrates the past, present, and future of legal aid in western ohio. the film is generously supported by the ohio access to justice foundation with additional support from david & denise coyle, hylant, mark mogavero, kevin mulder & beatrice maugeri, thomas & susan palmer, and the toledo bar association. watch the feature-length documentary on our website or on our youtube channel.
 




 





 















do you need help? apply for help/solicite ayuda





















office locations
lawo serves 32 northwest and west central ohio counties. lawo's agricultural worker program serves all 88 counties.
lawo offices are located in dayton, defiance, findlay, lima, sandusky, springfield, and toledo. 

to reach us by phone:
p: 1-877-894-4599
tty: 1-888-554-7415






facebook





twitter





linkedin





instagram







about us

get involved

donate

annual reports

news & resources

careers

contact & locations



get help



areas of impact

consumer and economic justice
fairness in education
safety & stability for domestic abuse survivors
healthcare & economic stability
housing justice & community economic development
agricultural workers & immigrant rights
medical-legal partnerships for children
empowering seniors
innovation & technology








 
if you would like any publications translated, please email estela melendez emelendez [at] ablelaw.org
si necesita que cualquier publicación sea traducida, por favor comuníquese con estela melendez  a emelendez [at] ablelaw.org






© 2025 legal aid of western ohio, inc. (lawo)

privacy policy


terms and conditions


sitemap
























cookie notice

find out more about how this website uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience.

accept cookies







