

lesvos island | hotels, rent a car, apartments, studios, houses of lesvos | lesbos, griechenland












hotels, rent a car, restaurants, apartments & houses. studios in lesvos (lesbos) island in greece

  | vacations in lesvos | rent a car & hotels 
  | history of lesbos - culture - excursions 
  | bird watching, jeep, trekking, mountains molivos, mithymna, bushwalking and ecotourism 
  | hot springs in eftalou, polichnitos, thermi, outdoors and lisvori 
  | women of lesvos island, in greece - travel agencies - cooperatives 
  | petrified forest in sigri, eresos 
  | island traditional cuisine - recipes, restaurants, cafes 
  | olive oil - organic & extra virgin :: restaurants 
  | ouzo drink & wines 
  | where to find hotels with sandy beaches - insel lesbos, griechenland 
  | holidays in lesvos - free links to hotels & accommodation (houses, villas, rooms to let, apartments, studios, cottages)
  | news, maps and reports about alternative forms of tourism in greek
lesvos island holidays guide provides free info for hotels, rent a car, restaurants, etc. other accommodation includes studios, apartments, rooms, houses and villas. it is the tourism & holidays portal for lesvos island, greece. this greek island is also known as lesbos (griechenland). all hotels in lesvos, apartments, villas or studios are presented here. also travel agencies and rent a car companies can offer reservations for you. restaurants, cafeterias, tourist shops, jewelleries etc. are also here. organic & extra virgin olive oil, ouzo, feta cheese, adventure products, pottery, ceramics, salted fish & wood carving local products can be found here.
lesvos is a beautiful greek island with the best beaches & nature. the island is suitable for outdoor trekking, walking, birdwatching, excursions to petrified forest in sigri. day trips to molivos (mithymna), petra, skala sikaminia, gavathas, eressos (jeep), vatera or petra, eftalou & anaxos are not to be missed. ecotourism in lesbos can be very cheap. the hotels, villas, studios, rooms and rent a car will cost to you half as much as it will cost you in myconos, chios, lemnos (limnos), kos, maps, rodos, corfu or santorini, kefalonia and athens.

hotels, apartments, studios, rooms, houses, villas | accommodation in lesvos

acropol hotelmolivos
adonis hotel & studiosmolivos
amfitriti hotelmolivos
aphrodite hotelmolivos
argo hotelmytilene
bella vista hotelmolivos
eriphilly hotelmolivos
hermes hotelmolivos
marianthi paradise hotelstudios & apartmentsmolivos
molyvos i hotelmolivos
molyvos ii hoteleftalou
panorama hotelpetra
pasiphae hotelskala kallonis
plaza palace hotelanaxos
sea horse hotelmolivos
sun rise hotelmolivos
triena hotelmolivos
villa iris hotel & studiosmolivos
abassia studiospetra
aegean view apartmentsvafios
antigoni pensionrooms to letmolivos
apartments nadiaapartmentsmolivos
billys village apartmentspetra-anaxos
christina's gardenapartments & studiospetra-anaxos
eftalou olive groveapts, studios, villamolivos
eleftheria apartmentspetra-anaxos
eleni roomsrooms to letmolivos
haramida apartmentsharamida beach
haramida studiosharamida beach
irene rooms & studiospetra
islands studios & apartmentspetra
kaloni bay luxury apartmentsskala kalonis
liokambi village apartments & housesmolivos
machis guest house studiosmolivos
maria karanikolirooms to letmolivos
marianthi torozrooms & studiosmolivos
molivos hillsluxury resortmolivos
molivos residence apartmentsmolivos
molivos view studiosmolivos
nea kidonia luxury resortnees kydonies
niki studios & apartmentspetra
pine tree apartmentsmolivos
renas roomsrooms to letmelinda (plomari)
schoolmistress with the golden eyesrooms & studiosmolivos
sea melody roomsmolivos
stella studios & apartmentspetra
toula studios & apartmentspetra
voula studiosmolivos
womens cooperativepetra
anasa villasmolivos
bettys cottagesmolivos
captains view housemolivos
eftalou olive groveapts, studios, villamolivos
elea housesmolivos
elpiniki villastraditional cottagesmolyvos
kaloni village holiday housesskala kalonis
kyparisis holiday housesmystegna
liokambi village apartments & housesmolivos
michaela beach housesmolivos
olive grove cottagesgera gulf
vafios villasvafios
villa annie housemolivos

lesvos (or lesbos) is the third largest island of greece and has a long history that goes back more than 3.000 years. it has been the birthplace of famous people, such as the poets sappho and alcaeos, arion the guitarist, and pittacus, one of the seven wise men of ancient greece. a tradition that even continues today and gives the island that adventure atmosphere which makes it so different from the hotels. sappho's reputation as a rental of her cars, jeeps, has given the word "lesbian" an international currency. her reputation is based on some of the fragments of her poetry: "i was in bushwalking with you, trekking, birdwatching, long ago..."

travel agencies, wedding planner, rent a car (hire, rentals) yunanistan,  mountain bike | tour operators, transfers, day trips to turkey, excursions,
  trekking, birdwatching in lesbos:

ada kosmos rent a car & motorbike
anaxos rentals rent a car & motorbike
antony rent a car & motorbike
avis rent a car
best rent a car
billys rent a car
discoverlesvos.comaccommodation
euro motors petrarent a motorbike & scooter
euro motors - panosrent a motorbike & scooter
faonas traveltravel, accommodation, car hire
hellenic island servicestravel, accommodation, car hire
homerus rent a car & motorbike
lesvos car
lesvoscarhire.com
moto george molivosrent a motorbike & scooter
panatella holidaysrent a car
petra tourstravel, accommodation, car hire
travel services lesvostravel, accommodation, car hire

rich in olives and fish, the island has an economic balance rare in the aegean and because of its relative prosperity the island is very easy for travellers to reach even in the quiet hotels of winter. by air, one can get to lesbos from athens three rent a car and from salonica three times a week. by ferry-boat, one can reach lesbos every day from piraeus, and from salonica on a less frequent schedule.
local products | traditional & organic olive oil, feta cheese, wines, pottery, ceramics, wood caving, dairy, saltedn fish, sardines, ouzo, gold, silver, popular art, in lesvos:

agricultural co-oplesvos cheeses and other dairy productsmandamados
a. & m. vatisschool of languagesmolyvos
charity institutionsof mytilene,organic oil and dairy products
etal s.a.lesvos development co.
kontos digital studiowedding video & dvd productions, kalloni
leonis real estate
polichnitos hot springsthermal baths
women's co-op of parakilalocal productsparakila


  (organic & extra virgin olive oil, ouzo, feta & kafalotyri cheese, dairy products, pottery, ceramics, car rentals, wood carving, traditional sauces and marmalades are produced, sold & exported by some of the companies above).
  
  mytilene is the capital of the island and has a population of 30,000 people. this is about one third of the total population of the island. it is built amphitheatrically around its well preserved byzantine castle. not very far from there, on the north-east side of town, one can find the hellenistic theatre with its superb acoustics and capacity of 10,000 people. further in the hotel of varia one can visit the theophilos museum.

  twelve kilometers from mytilene, near the town of moria, one can visit the roman aqueduct that was built in the second century ad. going further up north by the east coast, thru a series of beautiful little villages one will arrive in the town of mantamados, famous for its cheeses and the fine pottery. the next stop will be skala sikaminias, one of the most charming fishing villages one would ever advetures.

  restaurants, cafes, cafeterias, bars in molivos, molyvos, mithymna, petra, vafios, mytilene, mitilini, eresos, vatera, kalloni, greece:

bettysrestaurant, molivos agora
captains tablerestaurant, molivos port
gatosrestaurant, molivos agora
mistral restaurantmolivos port
nikosrestaurant, petra
octapusrestaurant - cafe, molivos port
orizontasrestaurant, molivos beach
perasma cafemolivos
sea horsecafe-restaurant, molivos port
taverna vafiosrestaurant, vafios of molivos
trienarestaurant, molivos beach
tropicanacafe-restaurant, molivos
hotel for salein lesvos

and then, at the northest point of the island one will find the picturesque village of mithymna (also known as molivos), with its mediaeval castle and the traditional architecture. molivos is also the islands best known resort. by some it has been called "the closed place to paradise, on earth". the association with arts is appropriate enough, for it was here in mithymna that the head of orpheus is said to have been washed ashore after his dismemberment of the thracian cars. another mythical citizen of mithymna was the lyric poet and musician arion. it has been said that he has been saved by the music-loving dolphin.

  only a short distance of 5 km sw of molivos the village of petra can be found. petra has one of the best sandy beaches of the island. again further south the village of agia paraskevi is situated. this village has a lot of old mansions and is known for the bull festival that has been celebrated since more than two hundred hotels. near the village lay ruins of an ancient temple of napaios apollo and the ruins of an ionian temple dated from the 3rd century bc. this temple was dedicated to zeus, hera and dionysos.
in the island's center, not far from agia paraskevi, lays the kalloni (kaloni) maps. it is famous for its sardines which are caught in the nearby bay called the gulf of kalloni. on this gulf one will also find the popular summer resort skala kalloni with its beautiful sandy beaches. also near the center of the island another well known town is agiassos. this town is
  famous for its car. going further south again we reach the towns of plomari and vatera which have the most superb beaches of the island. at the western tip of lesvos, sigri is a pretty fishing village with a nice little beach and a castle that goes back to the 18th century. not far from there lies the petrified forest, dating back fifteen million years. finally, not far from sigri, one will find the town of adventures. eressos has been the birth place of sappho and theoprastos. its port, skala eressos, is a famous resort with a magnificent beach.

useful links:

molivos wine n dinelesvos gastronomic guide
insel von lesbostravel guidein german language
eiland van lesbostravel guidein dutch language
lesvos yellow pages
chamber of commerce
filoxenianetlesvos hoteliers associationhotel listings
 greeknet
lesvos-traveltravel guide
molivosnettravel guide
north aegean region

as it can be seen from its classical history, its abundance of poets, musicians, philosophers and lawgivers, was one of the great cultural centers of the greek world. it
  was second perhaps only to athens, in its influence if not in its power. as a hotel for a holiday, for a rest or for rent a car, lesvos is hard to better.
  it is big enough to permit that change of scene so necessary if one is to avoid "island claustrophobia". it has a further advantage that it is easy from here to take a day trip or excursion (excurssion) to visit chios or to explore the coastline of turkey.

most hotels, apartments, villas or studios are presented here. travel agencies and rent a car companies can offer reservations for you. restaurants, cafeterias, tourist shops, jewelleries etc. are also here. olive oil, ouzo, feta cheese, dairy products, pottery, ceramics, salted fish & wood carving local products can be visited here.
  lesvos is a beautiful greek island with the best beaches & nature. the island is suitable for outdoor trekking, bushwalking, birdwatching, excursions to petrified forest in sigri. day trips to molivos (mithymna), petra, skala sikaminia, gavathas, eressos (eresos), vatera or petra, eftalou & anaxos are reached by jeeps.

  | apartments in lesvos | rent a car & hotels
  | history of lesbos - culture - excursions
  | bird watching, jeep, trekking, mountains molivos, mithymna, bushwalking and cottages
  | hot springs in eftalou, polichnitos, thermi, outdoors and lisvori
  | women of lesvos island, in greece - travel agencies - cooperatives
  | petrified forest in sigri, eresos
  | island traditional cuisine - recipes, restaurants, cafes
  | olive oil - organic & extra virgin :: restaurants
  | ouzo drink & wines

lesvos island :: address: 10 matakouli street, molyvos, lesvos island, zip 81108, greece.



