






seaforth geosurveys inc


























































nova scotia, canada



info@seaforthgeosurveys.com



1-902-468-3579














aboutabout seaforthquality policy statementsafety policy statementprevious projectscertificationsemployment opportunitiescontact usservicesequipmentvesselsseaforth survey launchvessels of opportunityocean mappingoffshore renewablesoffshore windtidal energysubmarine cable surveysnavigationconsultingdesktop studieslaw of the seaghost gearscientificconstructionoil & gasgalleryposts
















providing marine survey solutions for an evolving future since 1994

seaforth geosurveys inc. is situated on lake banook in the heart of nova scotia, a province renowned for it’s maritime heritage. mobilizing to all corners of the globe and canada, the seaforth team can help with your marine survey needs.
iso 9001:2015 / 45001:2018















 vessels 











equipment 











 field work











consulting






















 projects & experience 


whatever your survey needs are, seaforth can provide the answers
our team of hydrographers, survey engineers, geologists, electronic technicians, and gis/cad specialists can elevate your project by providing the best deliverables as a turn-key package


marine renewables
construction


submarine cables
oil & gas



explore more 









where we’ve been
we are ready to work anywhere in the world!

project map
work with us!













 featured services


 our services



some of seaforth geosurveys areas’ of expertise











 desktop studies

need to know your potential area better? seaforth’s team of geologists and cad/gis specialists can lay it all out for you
read more 










 project development

know what you want, but not sure how to get there? we work with clients to develop a survey plan that fits your needs
 read more










on-site surveying & processing

our team not only excels in-office…we thrive in the field. 
 read more























 selected projects


some recent seaforth events




view more 








hudson bay, on – oct 2023 
 seaforth completes knet cable route study for northern ontario coastal communities…








new geometrics g-882 magnetometers
seaforth recently purchased a new dual geometrics g882, providing the best solution for uxo/magnetic field mapping our client’s need…








bedford basin, ns – july 2024 
seaforth works with homarus inc. to further investigate lost ghost gear on the seafloor….

























what’s happening at seaforth


recent posts








taltson submarine power cable project
november 19, 2024
in 2019 and 2020, seaforth was contracted by the arctic research foundation for the provision […]read more





knet hudson bay marine fibre cable survey
november 18, 2024
in september of 2023, seaforth conducted a telecommunications cable route survey between the communities of […]read more





ghost gear, sonar reflector testing
november 18, 2024
seaforth was contracted by homarus inc. for the provision of testing of various sonar reflector […]read more












about seaforth


about seaforth
contact us
careers




contact 




dartmouth, ns, canada 



info@seafortheng.ca



tel:1-902-468-3579



office hours: 8am – 5pm

























