

america works













































celebrating 40 years of success, america works is dedicated to helping people out of poverty by assisting them in finding meaningful employment. here's to four decades of inspiring success stories and endless possibilities ahead! 






toggle navigation















about
jobseekers
employers
partners
events
news
contact
fellows
work with us




 











america works is proud of our country and the protesters who have demanded racial justice after the tragic killings of george floyd, breonna taylor, ahmaud arbery, and countless other americans whose lives have been treated as expendable because of the color of their skin. we were founded in 1984 to fight for the rights of the disenfranchised, particularly those who are marginalized based on race.our work in combatting systemic racism includes bail reform programs, re-entry programs, and the collaborations we do with municipalities across the united states in support of criminal justice reform and providing job opportunities to those in need.read about our commitment to racial justice and equality 












this is how
america works



learn about us




california
illinois
louisiana
maryland
nebraska
new jersey
new york
pennsylvania
tennessee
texas
vermont
washington d.c.
wisconsin






















job seekers


																our goal is to get you back on your feet and working full-time as quickly as possible. most of our clients are employed within four weeks of enrollment.
															

find a job











employers


																america works takes hassle out of hiring. we will find you employees who are ready to and want to work. all with no placement fee!
															

get workers











partners


																america works is always looking for new partners to help broaden our impact. we look forward to working with you to bring our successful approach to your constituency.
															

partner with us

















do you want to know how america works?

america works matches people of all demographics with attainable and sustainable employment opportunities.














more than just job placement.


															we understand the process involves more than just getting a job. that's why america works helps with wraparound services to support you along the way. services include:
															transportation assistance, counseling, employment bonuses, support services, training assistance and more.
														














prep for success.


															from beginning the application process, opportunity selection, and interview prep, our sales team and corporate representatives work with you every step of the way so that your
															confidence and skills land the job that's right for you.
														














embark on a rewarding employment experience.

work is more than getting a paycheck. it's an opportunity to socialize, build skills, collaborate, gain confidence, advance and be rewarded for it.














continue to receive support after you start work.


															once we place you on a job, we're here to support you along the way. continued counseling, transportation and training opportunities as well as career advancement support are just
															some of the ways we can continue to help.
														














a bridge to a better future.

we believe work is at the heart financial stability, health and wellness, food security, and personal and professional success.






































what people are saying about us
“america works has made my job so much easier when it comes to hiring. they know what it takes to work at aegis global and they do a great job in forwarding us quality employees.”
aegis global












what people are saying about us
“america works helped me focus on what i needed to do, things like time management. they taught me how to manage money and presentation.”
akia // former client












what people are saying about us
“at two of our most precious vending locations, citi field “home to the new york mets” and yankee stadium, year after year america works handles all of our staffing needs.”
aramark












what people are saying about us
“their pre-screening helps us save time in recruitment, and their support services for jobseekers allow us to even interview on-site within our stores.”
burlington coat factory












what people are saying about us
“america works is a dedicated and helpful organization that has been a great service to our company in helping us find new employees.”
fossil












what people are saying about us
“i remember when i was a member of america works, the reps really helped me through rough times and helped me find employment – really nice people.”
gladys // former client












what people are saying about us
“we have an ongoing need for dependable and skilled worker. america works has been helpful in providing such workers.”
h&r block












what people are saying about us
“america works played a huge role in keeping my job. without the constant follow up, i may have left.”
jeff // former client













 


















about
jobseekers
employers
events
sms opt-in






news
contact
terms of service
benefit planning
sms policy









						all companies under the america works network of companies are legally separate entities
					





























