 



gracie camp | brazilian jiu-jitsu
































































 




     

 








winter 2019
summer 2019
 

winter 2019
summer 2019
 


 

 









 





fall camp 

23rd - 30th . march . 2020 . rio de janeiro 


 





welcome to gracie barra praia
barra da tijuca, rio de janeiro, rj, brazil




we are student experience obsessed. whether you’re an old school black belt or a day-one white belt, whether you are a high level competitor or just roll for fun with your friends, whether you prefer to go surf and skip a training session or have an açaí admiring the sunset at the beach, whether you are a big family with a bunch of kids or a backpacker, we are experience makers, we have something for you.
 
everything we do as a camp, as a school, as a community member, and as an employer is to improve the lives of those around us. brazilian jiu-jitsu is the engine that makes lives better. from meeting different people and creating a brotherhood to being part of a lifestyle which allows you to become the best version of yourself, understanding what you are capable of, having healthy habits, building self-esteem, promoting responsibility and discipline.
 
so we take the opportunity to invite you to come roll with us to learn something different, have some life-changing fun, and meet some new folks from around the globe who share your passion to live the brazilian jiu-jitsu lifestyle. we hope to see you this summer!

 


professor murillo




professor murillo is today one of the top leaders of gracie barra who started training with master carlos gracie jr. in brazil, at the first gb school in the world in barra da tijuca. he has been part of the team since 1995, and was invited to move to the usa to represent our team as an athlete and also help the next generation to succeed on the mats like he did and he is still doing.
 
murillo neto is the gracie camp and gracie barra praia head coach. he is being run the gracie camp since 2004 and his main responsibility is to plan and coordinate the technical training based on his personal jiu-jitsu skills and psychological train in order to bring the best from every athlete.

 


 





main achievements

 



2x world champion
1x american national champion
1x seattle international open champion
1x austin summer international open champion
1x long beach international open champion
silver medalist pan-american (gi)


 



silver medalist pan-american (no gi)
silver medalist american nationals (gi)
bronze world championship (gi)
bronze european championship (gi)
bronze south american championship (gi)


  










fall
camp
 
23rd-30th march 2020
rio de janeiro

 





just pack your official gracie barra uniform, gi and no gi.
if you don’t have it let us know and we’ll make sure you have the complete uniform.
 
when you arrive at galeão ( gig – rio de janeiro international airport), we will provide transportation to the camp location and back to the airport on your last day. at the camp you will have a room with air conditioning and wi-fi. we have a swimming pool, the beach is 400 meters away and there is a 150 square meter mat area under a tiki hut. transportation to training activities outside the camp locations are also included.

 


schedule

 


mon/wed/fri

4pm – 5pm
cross training
7pm – 9pm
seminar and hard practice

tue/thu

12pm – 1pm
technical training
7pm – 9pm
seminar and hard practice

sat

11am – 1pm
seminar and hard practice

 



how to
join

 





full pack camp

 




u$ 1,000

 




adult single person.
7 nights & 8 day.

 





included

 


accommodationstransport


get in touch

 




info@graciecamp.com

 













 











































































