




ï»¿   


clock sales and repairs - country clock shop










turn on your javascript!


skip to navigation
skip to content




country clock   
clocks & watches
sales & repair
425.252.2360  








clock · shop   clock and watch   repair   free repair estimates  wall · floor · cuckoo    modern · antique   many brands & styles 


clocks 








clock sales and repair - visit our everett showroom today for great service & selection!





our clock & watch repair desk offers free repair estimates - omega, seiko, movado, seth thomas, and more!





we carry fun and unusual clocks for everybody!





come see our selection of hand-crafted heirloom quality clocks.









servicing western washington
we offer expert watch repair on-site, from simple jobs such as changing watch batteries to overhauling complicated chronographs.
we repair clocks from modern to antique - floor, wall, and mantle. we will provide house calls for floor clocks and large wall clocks. pick-up and delivery are available anywhere in western washington.
425-252-2360 or toll-free 888-659-4334
get more info 
 






call us for your clock and watch purchase & repair needs.
425-252-2360




sales and repair






grandfather clocks
country clock offers a wide variety of beautiful, heirloom quality grandfather clocks. come visit our showroom to find the perfect addition to your home.







cuckoo clocks
cuckoo clocks are a fun and attractive conversation piece. visit us in our everett showroom to see our wide selection.







mantle clocks
we sell and repair all types of mantle clocks. from classic to modern country clock is where you can find a great addition to your home furnishings.







action clocks
we have a great selection of action clocks that put on a show every hour. visit our everett showroom to see clocks that transform as you've never seen before!







watches
we carry watches! we sell and repair watches of most makes and models. call today to inquire about sales and repair of omega, seiko, rolex, movado and more.







kit-cat clocks
we have a wide selection of classic kit-cat clocks in a variety of colors and sizes!







we repair all brands
call us for repair and maintenance of your clocks made by seth thomas, skagen, elgin, concord, hamilton, and others.







we make house calls
we will travel to you for your clock repair needs, even if it requires the company plane! call today to schedule an estimate.








q & a






what are your hours?
tuesday thru saturday 9:00 am - 4:00 pm
closed sunday and monday
off-site repairs by appointment.







you really make house calls?
yes! we will travel to you to repair your large clock so don't have to move it. we service western washington from seattle to bellingham including the san juan islands.







can i ship my clock or watch to you?
we arrange pickup and delivery throughout western washington. give us a call to talk about your clock repair needs.







does my clock get repaired in your shop?
yes, your clock or watch is serviced on-site by experienced, expert repair staff. we repair all brands and ages of timepieces so call or come in today for a free estimate.














contact us today!
phone: (425) 252-2360
toll free (888) 659-4334
4714 evergreen way
everett, wa 98203

 
 
  

about us
country clock shop is a locally owned and operated business. we started in 1987 as a repair-only business. then in april of 1991, we opened a retail store front. we have a wide selection of grandfather clocks, wall and mantle clocks, anniversary and alarm clocks, watches, and more!
we perform repairs on almost any kind of timepiece. we offer expert watch repair on-site, from simple jobs such as changing watch batteries to overhauling complicated chronographs. bring in your watch for a free estimate.
we repair clocks from modern to antique - floor, wall, and mantle. we will provide house calls for floor clocks and large wall clocks. pick-up and delivery are available anywhere in western washington.
we are proud to serve western washington, seattle to bellingham and including the san juan islands with competitive pricing, free delivery, and setup, and a full five-year warranty on floor clocks.

  
  
  
  


© 2016 - country clock all rights reserved 


  
                  
