





50/50 entertainment – 50/50 entertainment puts people in touch with what they want to hear and see.






































 






skip to main content





twitterfacebookinstagram
 










home
about

50/50 entertainment
love & happiness show


events
gallery
contact
search








search


submit



























50/50 entertainment presents the 18th annual love & happiness show, featuring: xscape, leela james, bobby v. saturday march 25, 2023, 7pm at boeing center at tech port in san antonio, tx. tickets are available at www.boeingcentertechport.com or www.etix.com or call (800) 514-3849





the love & happiness show is back! we’re excited to bring some of the hottest, most talented performers in music, such as xscape, leela james, and bobby v. in our 18th year, we feel positioned to evolve and reach across generations and genres to take love & happiness to the next level.


buy tickets online
(click here) our mission


fifty-fifty entertainment assures artists that promotional services provided are at the highest quality and that entertainment guests are treated with premier and exclusive accommodations with which the music industry has to offer. all artists performance needs are met with professionalism and expertise and excellent business relationships are established with venues ensuring the event is both successful and memorable for all parties involved.


testimonials50/50 stay getting it popping, their events are always on point!
i have enjoyed each one of these that i have been to. i like the fact that they wait until most of the people are in the bldg before the show starts (because the lines are long and move kind of slow). i get excited each year to hear who's going to be here for the next year. i'm glad that you all do this!
thank you for always tying to bring quality entertainment to san antonio in a professional way. while i wasn't a huge fan of jeremih and robin thicke, joe made the show worth it! please bring him back as a headliner. he has so many songs and his latest album deserved to be covered. also, if you could bring lalah hathaway, i'd be one of the first to buy a ticket! even better, a joe/lalah ticket would make my year!!!!!
 past artistsmary j. bligerickey smileyyolanda adamsearthquakeginuwiner kellyjodecimo’niquetyrese gibsondl hughleytankmonicamichael colyargeorge willbornsteve brownrobin thickethe isley brotherspatti labellejoeadrian marceljeremihsommoreaugust alsinakeyshia colepast sponsors
newsletter


join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team. stay up to date with all our events, promotional, and activities.










* indicates required

email address  *






 









twitter feed


unable to load tweetsfollow














about 50/50 entertainment puts people in touch with what they want to hear and see.

 

contact50/50 entertainment
5804 babcock rd.
p.o. box 154
san antonio, tx 78240
(210) 464-0341email 

follow 


join newsletter



name



email


subscribe


 






	copyright © 2025 50/50 entertainment. all rights reserved. website by digital xtreme 



back to top 













