






36th annual mchenry's soberfest – soberfest is an annual conference in lake geneva, wi.









































36th annual mchenry's soberfest


registration
book your stay 2025








mchenry’s soberfestcalendar of meetings and events2025 resort reservationscontributionscommitteesaa committeesal-anon committeesfunraisers!this year’s soberfestconference programspeakersalcathonsalanonathonalateenentertainmenthospitality suitearchivesliterature room11th step prayer and meditation roomstep workshopvolunteer opportunitiesvolunteer sign-upal-anon soberfest volunteer sign-upaboutfrequently asked questionshow mchenry’s soberfest got startedmchenry soberfest themes and colorspast soberfest speakerscontact usvendor informationfriends of soberfestaa world servcesaa district 11al-anon family groupsnorthern illinois al-anon / alateennorthern illinois area 20by-lawsappendix i : roberts rulesappendix ii : aa committees & job descriptionsappendix iii : service and sobriety requirements:who gets what?





nov 21-23, 2025











mchenry’s soberfest

conference program

mchenry’s soberfest is an annual conference put on by the mchenry’s soberfest group of alcoholics anonymous northern illinois area 20. if you are wanting to talk to someone about your or a loved one’s drinking or drug use, please see the links to our friends.
mchenry’s soberfest has meetings and activities for aa members, al-anon members, alateens, and our guests.  there are aa and al-anon speakers friday, saturday, and sunday.  join us for our saturday evening banquet and speaker.  even if you don’t register for the banquet, you can still hear all the speakers and dance the night away.  there are even shops with recovery-related jewelry, clothing, and literature.
alcathons and alanonathons
friday, saturday, and sunday speakers
saturday night banquet, speaker, and dance
panels, fellowship
aa and al-anon archives
aa and al-anon literature
hospitality suite
11th step prayer & meditation room
step workshop
recovery gift shops
we welcome behavioral health professionals, members of other recovery programs who find strength in aa’s 12 steps, guests who are interested in recovery programs, and all our family and friends!
“we will be amazed”
the theme of the 36th annual mchenry’s soberfest is “we will be amazed”.  
“if we are painstaking about this phase of our development, we will be amazed before we are half way through.” – alcoholics anonymous (4th ed.), chapter 6, ‘into action’,  pg. 83
want to help plan for the 36th annual mchenry’s soberfest? join the committee at villa desiderata retreat center at 7:30 on any of our meeting nights.
we are deaf and hard of hearing friendly.  asl interpreters will be provided at conference.








36th annual mchenry's soberfest
copyright © 2024
 proudly powered by sobriety 
















