








heartlight® - devotionals, articles, & inspiration for christians
































 toggle navigation    


  


 devotionals

today's verse
god's holy fire
what jesus did!
unstoppable!
quotemeal
daily wisdom
passion for praise
together in christ
spiritual warfare
morning & evening
a year with jesus
praying with paul
bible reading plans
subscribe by email


 articles 

latest articles
special features
jesushaped
just for women
togather
the jesus window
the caring touch
together in his grace
all categories...


 artwork 

heartlight gallery
- latest images
- most popular
- browse by book

powerpoint backgrounds
- latest images
- most popular
- browse by book


























free devotionals, articles, & inspiration to help you live for jesus
grow closer to god and deepen your faith each day











daily devotionals
free bible-focused devotionals to help deepen your faith each day
12 different daily devotionals

daily doses of scripture, prayer, & counsel
delivered via email, social media, or app
read by 1 million christians worldwide

browse devos





uplifting articles
encouragment from christian authors to help you live for jesus
reflections on christian life

4,000+ topical articles on christian living
authors: max lucado, anne voskamp, etc.
new articles published each week

read articles





inspirational images
scripture beautifully illustrated to bless and share with others
be inspired & inspire others

beautiful images overlaid with scripture
6,000+ images/powerpoint backgrounds
share on social media or use in worship

view gallery









what readers say about heartlight:
"thank you for your investment of time and resources to break down everyday life with scripture to help it be easier to understand."— lisa m. —








free forever — thanks to people like you
our material always has been and always will be free to use thanks to the generosity of heartlight readers who financially support our ministry. — learn more


donate now





by the numbers
learn more


28years online
heartlight began back in 1996 as an alternative to costly radio devotionals. now we're celebrating our 28th year in online ministry!


1,000,000monthly readers
each day christians of all ages and life stages grow spiritually by using our free resources on social media, in email, and on our website.


190nations reached
we strive to 'go into all the world'  by offering daily devotionals in 15 languages read by people from around the globe.











about heartlight ®
heartlight provides positive resources for daily christian living.
support
heartlight is supported by loving christians from around the world.❤ donate



connect
subscribe to heartlight
stay in touch:
  



sections

devotionals
articles
artwork
home






copyright © 1996 - 2025 all rights reserved.  heartlight is a registered service mark of heartlight, inc. | privacy policy
except where noted, scripture quotations are taken from the easy-to-read version © 2014 by bible league international.  used by permission.






















