



par east mortgage company























about us
the team
products
blog
contact
 


 
par east is the east end's premier full-service mortgage company, with 25+ years of experience closing loans in new york’s tricky real estate market. through this experience navigating the overwhelming demands of big banks, par east has built a reputation for bringing loans across the finish line with professionalism and ease. many brick and mortar offices have fallen victim to a volatile market and the struggles of competing with the big banks and corporate mortgage companies. meanwhile, we’ve flourished by offering the same competitive products and rates as the big banks with the face-to-face service and trustworthy relationships of small business. we strive to ensure your home financing needs are met and your expectations are exceeded from our service. if it's possible, our team can and will make it happen.

“working with par east’s team made the whole process so easy.” - ag  |  east hampton
“par east is the best mortgage broker! the team is professional, smart, and helpful.” - rb  |  southampton
“we could not have bought our first home without the help of par east.” - mc  |  montauk


pattie romanzi, ceo, founded par east mortgage company in march 1991 and since then has built it into an industry leader.  she continuously reinvents and shapes the company to best adapt to an ever-changing banking industry. pattie was named one of the nation’s top originators for 10 consecutive years, 1998-2008, by mortgage originator magazine. 
at the core of her company’s remarkable success is pattie’s deep commitment to achieving the best customer experience.  pattie has great product knowledge and underwriting abilities, and just as importantly, makes every client feel valued and heard.
rooted in the east end, but also handling transactions across long island to new york city, pattie is an expert in all aspects of residential lending. from day one of par east’s operation, pattie has offered her clients the services of a highly-skilled staff that reinforce her own exceptional capabilities. 
pattie earned a bs degree in journalism and marketing from the university of maryland in 1982. she has strong interpersonal communication skills, both verbal and written, allowing her to establish rapport quickly and easily. a longtime resident of east hampton, she enjoys beaches, bicycling, kayaking and loves to cook, entertain, and travel.
nmls no. 11665



bill wright began working in the mortgage industry upon graduating from marist college with a degree in marketing and finance. since that time, he has been a leading loan originator concentrating on all aspects of residential lending. he continues to originate over 50 million dollars of loans a year. william offers a free class at the southampton library on first-time home buying and the do’s and don'ts of getting a mortgage.
william wright has been featured on cbs money watch to discuss the mortgage market and answer cbs viewers' questions. in addition to loan originating, william has maintained deep ties to the east end community as a board member of several local businesses, charities and town government organizations. he lives in east quogue with his wife victoria and two small children.
nmls no. 69529





 
our long-term success and longevity is built on providing our customers with the best team to serve them through the mortgage process.  we postition these key people to provide our customers with an fulfilling and stress-free service experience from beginning to end:


east hampton team
      pattie romanzi – nmls no. 11665
      pat fallon – nmls no. 1744794
      lisa magro – nmls - 180811 

southampton team
      bill wright – nmls no. 69529
      tony granitto – nmls no. 61342
      kim post – nmls no. 13851
      noah brown – nmls no. 1746066
      beth lee toto-schlendorf – nmls no. 726127

 


products
par east mortgage company has been serving eastern long island for almost thirty years and strives to be experts in the industry.  as a nys registered mortgage broker, they have the qualifications to serve our customers all over new york state. here are some of the products and programs currently offered:


loan types purchase
             refinance
             construction
             reverse learn more
 lines of credit commerical/investor
             conventional
             fha
             usda
             va
             non qm

additional expertise 1031 exchange coops
             cema
             bridge loans
             cross colateratlization
             private lending

 



coming soon!
thursday, may 	16th, 2019
... read more


 




wednesday, december 	31st, 1969



next

 


par east mortgage company, inc.
15 toilsome lane east hampton, ny 11937
p 631-324-8201
f 631-324-8203
info@pareast.com

registered mortgage broker nys department of financial  services. all loans arranged with third party providers.
    


east hampton office
15 toilsome lane east hampton, ny 11937
map


southampton office
18 windmill lane southampton, ny 11968
map



contact us using phone, email, or the form below.
we look forward to hearing from you.

first name

last name

email

phone

preferred location

no preference
east hampton
southampton
type of service

 mortgage
 refinance
 reverse mortgage
 other

details (optional)


lc5w6xutp3bzsl6


submit




 




locations
east hampton 631-324-8201
southampton 631-283-6868


learn more about our reverse mortgages
©2025 par east mortgage company | site design & photography by graphic image group inc

registered mortgage broker, nys dept. financial services. loans arranged through 3rd party providers.
par east mortgage company, east hampton - nmls no. 10098 | par east mortgage compnay, southampton - nmls no. 1320983

 

