










stafford mechanical services | hvac services in ct | 24/7 service























































































skip to content







 



serving north central connecticut - (860) 684-9485


contact us





air conditioning

ac maintenance
ac repair
new ac installations
heat pumps

heat pump maintenance
heat pump repair
heat pump installation


ductless mini-split ac

ductless maintenance
ductless repair
ductless installations


geothermal ac


heating

heating maintenance
heating repair
heating installations
ductless mini-split heating

ductless maintenance
ductless repair
ductless installations


oil to gas conversion
heat pumps

heat pump maintenance
heat pump repair
heat pump installation


radiant floor heating
geothermal heating
indoor pool heater
furnaces

furnace repair
furnace maintenance
furnace installation


boilers

boiler maintenance
boiler repair
boiler installation


oil furnaces & boilers


commercial services

hvac maintenance
hvac repair / replacements
commercial heating
commercial air conditioning
commercial energy audits
energy efficient hvac
ductless split systems
rooftop units
cooling towers
commercial boilers
chillers
commercial ventilation systems
building automation systems
oil to gas conversion
dehumidification
humidification
commercial gallery


additional services

water heaters

water heater repairs
indirect water heaters


indoor air quality (iaq)

air filtration
air purification
humidifiers


gas piping
sheet metal fabrication
zoning systems
dectron indoor pool hvac systems


about

incentives and rebates
join our team
news
contact us
service areas


 











count on us for all your heating & a/c needs in the stafford, ct area
serving north central connecticut since 1991, you can rest assured your home or business are in good hands with us. if you’ve got heating or cooling needs, give us a call and see for yourself.
air conditioning| 	heating | 	commercial services


why choose us?





 











contact us

 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 
please leave this field empty.











1+1=? 

























review scores as of 9/25/24
				



δ









emergency service




get an estimate




ask a tech




schedule maintenance



 
























more than 25 years of service

stafford mechanical services proudly offers service and installation of carrier® or any brand heating and cooling system throughout north central connecticut and southern massachusetts. since 1991, we’ve offered customers a complete suite of heating & cooling services including sheet-metal duct fabrication for home customization. we pride ourselves on our commitment to our customers. that’s why we also offer 24/7 emergency service. we are successful because our focus has always been on our customers. our job isn’t done until you’re happy.


























our services




















air conditioning















heat pumps


















heating















oil to gas conversion


















water heaters















indoor air quality























residential
 
stafford mechanical proudly offers a long list of residential heating and cooling services for your home.







commercial
 
commercial heating and cooling services for all your needs in connecticut and parts of massachusetts.







ductless
 
for spaces where ductwork is impractical or even impossible, ductless heating & air conditioning is the solution.























offering the highest level of standards
























quality assurance hvac air conditioning contractors of america






























state of ct unlimited heating and cooling contractors license s1






































state of ma unlimited sheet metal contractor’s license - masters






























state of ct unlimited sheet metal contractor’s license sm1


















certified nate trained technicians


















certified igshpa geothermal installers


















epa certified service technicians
























highly skilledi'm very pleased with the installation services of stafford mechanical services. mike is very knowledgeable about hvac products and what would work best for our home. the price was competitive and there were no surprises. things went smoothly from start to finish, and the two technicians that did the entire installation (elijah & wyatt) are highly skilled and know what they are doing. they also work hard and got the job done in a professional manner ahead of schedule.from now on, i will use stafford mechanical for all of my hvac needs.- william g.






professional, courteous, and very friendly
stafford mechanical services came to our house in february and submitted a clear and competitively priced quote for an update of an older gas furnace and the addition of a heat pump to create a hybrid system. the work crew that completed the project was professional, courteous, and very friendly. they completed everything in the time alotted for the project and left a pristinely clean work site behind. i happily recommend stafford mechanical services to anyone looking to have some hvac work done. our project manager greg was very pleasant and easy to work with.
- tom p.







kind, professional, and honest
i would recommend stafford mechanical to anyone after our experience. gary helped get someone to our house fairly quick and the tech who came was kind, professional, and honest. i would welcome this team to come back to our house for any future needs. the price was reasonable and much better than the quotes received from competitors. thank you so much to gary and the tech for taking care of us. we can happily wash our toddlers again with warm water 🙂 thank you to bob as well for being very responsive and helpful. nothing short of 5 star service.
- patricia r.







strongly recommendstafford mechanical was one of three companies i called for a cooling solution for my home. i was undecided between central ac added to my existing furnace or a ductless mini-split. after talking to greg, we went with a 18k btu single zone mini-split to cool approximately 1k square feet. greg spent my money as though it was his own and didn't try to oversell me. i have zero complaints from beginning to end and the system functions exactly as i had hoped. i would strongly recommend these guys to anyone.- tyson f.






highly recommendthank you stafford mechanical for installing my new four ton heating and air conditioning unit. it was great working with you from start to finish. greg and the rest of the crew did a very good job. great guys and very professional. we appreciate your work pulling the job together and to install the new unit. definitely would highly recommend this company.- that breakfast place






professionalism, punctualitystafford mechanical came highly recommended to me by a friend who had just built a beautiful new home. i did my research when i general contracted my home and these guys earned my business due not only to their competitive price but more importantly their professionalism, punctuality, knowledge and workmanship. i never had to wait on them and they always kept me informed on the next step. everyone who has seen the hvac system they installed in my new home has commented on how nice of a job they did. people who know what good work looks like. it was an easy decision choosing them.-  matt d.



professionalism, punctuality, knowledge and workmanshipstafford mechanical came highly recommended to me by a friend who had just built a beautiful new home. i did my research when i general contracted my home and these guys earned my business due not only to their competitive price but more importantly their professionalism, punctuality, knowledge and workmanship. i never had to wait on them and they always kept me informed on the next step. everyone who has seen the hvac system they installed in my new home has commented on how nice of a job they did. people who know what good work looks like. it was an easy decision choosing them.-  matt d.



professional, respectful and on timerich at stafford mechanical services is installing a complete hvac system in our new construction home. i had the pleasure of meeting his crew. frank, dan and jess (ducts) and sinjim and aj(pipes) who are doing an incredible job. they are professional, respectful and on time during a challenging time with construction. i will definitely use their services for all my needs and strongly recommend them to my family and friends.-  regina z.



excellent servicewe received excellent service from stafford mechanical. greg helped us plan our ductless system, and was always available to assist with the process and answer questions. sinjin went the extra mile in constructing the system so drainage hoses were less conspicuous and located in a preferred location. he also clearly explained how to operate and maintain the cooling system. the excellent quality of service was greatly appreciated!-  michael u.



excellent companythe crew showed up on time to disconnect my very old air conditioner system (ac) and install a new (ac). they checked to make sure it was operating correctly and before leaving they made sure everything was pickup up, leaving no messes. excellent company & very knowledgeable hard working crew. i highly recommend people hiring this company to handle your air conditioner & furnace needs. can also make appointment with them to do the yearly inspection/cleaning of your units.-  sheila d.

 








see more testimonials

















financing available
we understand that upgrading your heating or air conditioning system can be big investment. that’s why stafford mechanical services offers great financing options to help make things a little easier on your wallet.
see financing offers









10-year warranty
choosing stafford mechanical services as your heating and air conditioning contractor, means you’re also choosing innovative heating and air conditioning solutions and products from carrier that come with an incredible 10-year warranty.
10-year warranty































proud to serve these connecticut towns and more:
expand


ashford
bolton
coventry
eastford
east windsor
ellington
enfield
mansfield
somers
south windsor
stafford
storrs
tolland
union
vernon
willington
woodstock




air conditioning services also available in these massachusetts towns
expand


brimfield
east longmeadow
hampden
holland
longmeadow
monson
palmer
springfield
sturbridge
wales
wilbraham











 











 4 industrial park drive, stafford springs, ct 06076
(860) 684-9485

 



























 

 

stafford mechanical services – 0 customer reviews – stafford springs, ct



 

 
 












 





 copyright 2025 stafford mechanical services | all rights reserved | sitemap | privacy policy | accessibility statement | website design by mpw marketing

 







































