





















library | campbell county, wy - official website








 















skip to main content




















special hours


	libraries closed in observance of president's day
	read on...








create a website account - manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more.   

website sign in










 














county home










 
 
 


    events      services      digital library      research      support us      wright branch      about ccpls  


 

 

 

 

 

 

 







 





 library catalog search
 county site search




 library catalog search





       login to my library account




 county site search












search











 
 
 













 














makerspace








databases








meeting rooms










 
 














library of things








library blogs








contact us










 
 
 
































b. dylan hollis speaking at ccpl 


as part of our love my library national library week celebration, ccpl is excited to host a special conversation celebrating retro baking recipes with one of social media's favorite bakers - b. dylan hollis on april 8!			find out the details...







campbell county libraries closed for presidents day 


campbell county public library and wright branch library are closed monday, february 17 in honor of presidents day. regular hours resume february 18.			






wbl cookbook club gathering 


don't miss wbl's february cookbook gathering on tuesday, february 18 at 6pm. stop by your library by february 15 and select a recipe from this month's cookbook,			additional info...







wbl teen angry birds competition 


teens in grades 7-12 are invited to show off their angry bird skills on thursday, february 20 at 6pm. bring your friends and compete to see who can reach the highest level!			additional info...







ask the expert: tax deferral strategies 


are you paying more taxes than you'd like? attend this free class at campbell county public library and learn about various tax deferral methods on thursday, february 20, 1-3pm. and, enjoy a piece of pie!			additional info...







veterans information fair at ccpl 


campbell county veterans council, security state bank, and your library invite the public to this free event on saturday, february 22, 9am-12pm. learn about benefits and services locally and regionally, meet local service organizations, and more...			additional info...







ccpls board of trustees february meeting 


the campbell county public library system board of trustees regular monthly meeting is monday, february 24 at 4:30pm at campbell county public library, 2101 s. 4j road, gillette.			additional info...







friends of the library meeting 


the monthly meeting of the friends of the library is tuesday, february 25 at 6pm. all friends members are welcome to attend this meeting at ccpl and help support the literacy and programming services of campbell county libraries.			






wbl book discussion 


stop by wbl to check out a copy of the february book discussion selection "tuesdays with morrie: an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson" by mitch albom. join us at wbl to talk about it on thursday, february 27 at 5pm.			additional info...







library fouundation graphic novel character contest 


the library foundation inc. (lfi) invites artists of all ages to enter the 2025 graphic novel character contest! enter your original library-themed character in an artistic medium of your choice for a chance to win a great prize! entries due february 28.			details and entry form







volunteer income tax assistance (vita) 


ccpl welcomes the volunteer income tax assistance (vita) program back to your library for the 36th year! drop in (first come, first served) thursdays from 5-8pm january 30-april 10 for free income tax filing help.			additional info...







notice of proposed ccpls collection development policy changes 


the campbell county public library system board of trustees is seeking public comment on proposed changes to the changes on the ccpls collection development policy changes						read on...







notice proposed makerspace equipment policy 


the campbell county public library system board of trustees is seeking public comment on proposed makerspace equipment policy						read on...







wbl renovation project 


campbell county public library system (ccpls) is excited to announce that wright branch library (wbl) has been awarded a $1 million grant from the wyoming library and media community foundation (wlmcf) for renovations. follow along with the project...			wbl renovation project







upcoming change to interlibrary loan (ill) services 


beginning january 1, 2025, the cost for ill services will increase to $5 per item.						read on...







reviewed titles 


status of titles submitted for reconsideration and their placement within the stacks after review.			additional info...











/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 









 







check it out








 






  
 
 














brainfuse helpnow - live tutoring & homework help



creative bug



libby by overdrive



sound lab and video recording studios







readsquared



wireless printing



wyldcat mobile app









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 




 















a year of growth: 2024 library annual statistics 


2024 has been a year of growth, learning, and community engagement! we are proud to share the highlights of our achievements and how we’ve made an impact in the community.			checkout some highlights from 2024







simplify legal tasks with gale legalforms! 


your library card gives you free access to gale legalforms, featuring customizable legal documents tailored specifically for wyoming residents.			get started today.







get creative with creativebug! 


unleash your inner artist with free access to creativebug—available with your library card!			start creating today!







find your mix! 


do you like books that are action-packed and fast-paced? amusing and engaging? no matter your mix, novelist plus gets to the root of what you love about a book — and delivers great recommendations. browse pre-made appeal combinations on novelist plus.			find your next read







grow your skills 


linkedin learning is a leading online learning platform that helps anyone learn business, software, technology and creative skills to achieve personal and professional goals. choose from thousands of online courses to learn in-demand skills.			get started with your library card.







notary services available 


are you in need of a reliable notary service? look no further than our team of experienced and professional notaries			more information...







learn a new language with mango! 


choose from over 70 world languages on desktop or mobile, from anywhere, at any time. enjoy native speaker audio and cultural context that will fully immerse you in the language. all you need is your campbell county library card to get started.			begin learning today!







check out our steam and craft kits 


explore science, technology, engineering, art, and math						read on...







health and wellness help from your library 


one of the key elements to healthy living is socialization and, according to april 2022’s issue of mind, mood & memory1 , it can even boost brain power. invigorate your cerebrum by attending some programs at your libraries in gillette and wright.						read on...







soil tester 


check out ccpl's 3-in-1 soil tester and evaluate your soil moisture, ph value, and sunlight level! call 307.682.3223 to reserve.			library of things







disc golf set 


learn to play disc golf, thanks to your library! check out this set and hit the course with a friend. includes two drivers, two mid-range, two putters, and a marking disc. call 307.682.3223 to reserve.			library of things







sound lab 


come find your voice and record a song or podcast, conduct an interview, or even create a commercial. everything you need is provided.						read on...







start a business with a little help from your library 


campbell county public library system (ccpls) has many resources to support small businesses in our community.						read on...







view all news




/civicalerts.aspx


  
 
 




 










 
 
 



 















 






  
 









   





 
 













campbell county public librarymember of the
 






  
 



  
 







campbell county public library







2101 s. 4j roadgillette, wy 82718ph: 307.682.3223library hoursmonday-thursday: 9am-9pmfriday-saturday: 9am-5pm
 






  
 



  
 







wright branch library







305 wright boulevardpo box 600wright, wy 82732ph: 307.464.0500library hoursmonday, tuesday, thursday: 10am-8pmwednesday, friday: 10am-5pmsaturday: 10am-2pm
 






  
 



  
 














about ccplscontact usjobs at ccplssupport us
 






  
 






site links







intranet



meeting agendas and minutes



employee office 365 portal



accessibility



site map









/quicklinks.aspx



 
 
 



 











government websites by civicplus®




 
 
 













loading









				loading
			


do not show again
close





















arrow left



arrow right





[]



slideshow left arrow





slideshow right arrow









