







hosting manual - tutorials, guides and tools from a to z











































skip to content 





 

menu 




menu 
hosting reviews

bluehost review
greengeeks review
inmotion hosting review
ipage review


sla & uptime calculator
services

wordpress migration service
wordpress seo optimization
wordpress speed optimization


domain search
 










estimate postgresql resource need 

estimating resources for a postgresql database based on website visitors involves a few key considerations, including traffic patterns, query complexity, data size, and the expected … read more






wordpress vs static sites: pros and cons 

it is a common question – which is better, wordpress or static sites? the short answer is: it depends how you want to use it! … read more






beware of ovh hosting: fraudulent commitment extension 

i have several servers with ovh. i had a 12 month commitment for one of them which expired in march. it doesn’t make much sense … read more






how to run a traceroute to a domain? 

in many cases, you’ll need to see a traceroute from your computer to your domain in order to diagnose connection and other problems. to run … read more






zipping and unzipping files in linux 

there are several methods of archiving files and retrieving archives in unix-like systems like linux. i personally use ubuntu but you can apply these methods … read more






what is ssh and how to use it? 

if you have a dedicated server, a vps, or a more expensive shared hosting plan, they likely support secure shell (ssh) connections. ssh is a … read more






robots.txt file explained: allow or disallow all or part of your website 

the sad reality is that most webmasters have no idea what a robots.txt file is. a robot in this sense is a “spider.” it’s what … read more






how to avoid spam to your custom email address 

unfortunately, it appears that the problem of spam is here to stay. as if that thought’s not bad enough, the volume and the offensive nature … read more






how to fix broken images and links on your website 

there are three possible reasons why your images are not showing up on your pages as expected: the image file is not located in the … read more






when to buy cheap hosting? 

i have reviewed many web hosting companies on this over the years. most of them were satisfactory in the service area. however, there are huge … read more






how to create a custom 404 file not found error page with .htaccess 

with some web hosts a file named missing.html or 404.html already exists in the www directory of your account. this is the page that is … read more






what is an index page (index.php or index.html) 

if you want your visitors to see a home page by typing http://yourdomainname.com/ instead of http://yourdomainname.com/mypage.html, you need to define a “default” page. on some … read more





 older posts

page1
page2
page3
next → 








 hostingmanual.net · contact · terms of   service · affiliate disclaimer · review policy · sitemap (xml)

 

					© 2025 hosting manual				





 





 closehosting reviews

bluehost review
greengeeks review
inmotion hosting review
ipage review


sla & uptime calculator
services

wordpress migration service
wordpress seo optimization
wordpress speed optimization


domain search
 





















