






chiton rocks surf lifesaving club







































		skip to content	



 



chiton rocks surf lifesaving club








    menu	
chiton rocks slsc  

about
location
committee
contact us


sponsors
news  

news
calendar
newsletters
training news
news archive


accommodation
members  

membership
nippers
members resources
links


surf patrols
surf safety
history
surf cam

  
			scroll down to content		












chiton rocks slsc


the chiton rocks surf life saving club (slsc) was formed in 1957.  it is located on the south coast of the fleurieu peninsula in south australia near the town of victor harbor, approximately 80km south of adelaide.
the club is run on a voluntary basis and members provide surf life saving services to local beach goers and visitors during the australian summer from november through march each year.  members train each year to maintain proficiency in first aid and rescue techniques in accordance with standards set by surf life saving australia and surf life saving south australia.  there is a strong culture of community service from a diverse and eclectic membership.  members of all ages travel from other parts of the state to donate time to beach safety.
the club in the recent times has enjoyed an increase in family memberships and has a strong and vibrant junior development program.  the nippers are the future of the organisation and the chiton nippers are a credit to their families and the association.
local businesses and individuals also contribute to this important service in many ways.  their generosity ensures that facilities and equipment are maintained each year so that we may protect the public on this challenging coast.  this is truly a team effort.  thank you to our members.












follow us! 





		proudly powered by wordpress	
















































































































































































