
















expats



















































               


 
    home



  about



  our offering



  contact



  book a call



  blog



  expats






   

contact us








    
  expats






        working remotely from abroad can be

a brilliant ‘financial’ move

gain financial freedom with your own
personalized international tax plan
  

schedule a call




   
 most people do not know that there are substantial financial benefits to living and working abroad.





   tax-saving example #1
 single us expat/digital nomad:
2024 income: $141,000/yr.
taxes:
$0

firstly, did you know that the us tax code allows you to
pay absolutely $0 us income tax on up to
$141,000 (or more) every year when you ‘go international’?




   tax-saving example #2
 married expats/digital nomads: 

2024 income: $282,000/yr.
taxes:
$0

and if both you and your spouse qualify, you can double the
tax-free ‘joy’ to $282,000 (2 x $141,000) or more every year and not owe uncle sam a nickel ($0 in taxes):




   
   




 plan well


 
   




 live well


 
   




 grow faster


 
   




 prosper




   tax plans with impact  case study: andrew
 two years ago, andrew was 'income rich but 
cash poor' when he lived in the u.s.  high taxes and the high cost of living in the u.s. left him little for savings or investments back then.andrew’s life changed when he called us for a 
personalized tax-reduction plan. he calls it his “plan b,” and our 'go international' tax plan provides him with an additional $100,000 of investable money every year—on the 
same 
base salary. 

     

learn more


   

make an appointment


 




 



  


   

  the easy way to start

    1.


  make an appointment




    2.


  we'll assess your current situation, providing a solid baseline to work from.




    3.


  well work with you to understand your goals so we can help you save in all the right areas.




    4.


  we’ll then show you many generous expat tax benefits that can dramatically lower your tax bills.







   what people say about us

    
  “great tax plan. great savings!”


  

andrew w.



 
  “amazing tax savings, presented in a clear, concise way!”


  

robert k.



 
  "great plan! - thank you. we've stopped overpaying our taxes.”


  

g.m., cfo









    contact us any time
  contact us
   full name

 email address

 phone number

 your message





thank you for contacting us.we will get back to you as soon as possible
oops, there was an error sending your message.please try again later








       


     home



  about



  our offering



  contact



  book a call



  blog



  expats






 +1 305 514 9905 (direct and whatsapp)advisor@taxstrategyone.comtaxstrategyone.comwe help you navigate the complexities of us tax laws, as there are little-known irs rules and reporting requirements when you ‘go international.’  you face penalties—sometimes quite hefty—as well as losing your beneficial tax-breaks for not complying with these little-known regulations. do yourself a favor and get your own professional plan in place from our experienced international  tax strategists. 
   

contact us




   copyright tax strategy one 2018-2025


























































































  
  share by:








