




home - southern soccer scene




































 skip to primary navigation skip to content skip to footersouthern soccer scene 




 






sign up for a free newsletter


search this website

search








homecampsthe job centertournamentsadvertisingcontact








breaking news












   

charlotte goes to front-of-the-line for mls team

by ray alley
after struggling for several years to get a foothold in major league soccer’s pecking order for an expansion team, charlotte has apparently shot to the front of the line.
several potential owners/investor groups floated proposals, all requesting financial support from city and … 


					read more					 






   

fuller named chattanooga fc head coach

chattanooga football club has announced the on-field leadership for its first fully professional season. long-time chattanooga fc head coach bill elliott will move into a technical director role with the club, and peter fuller, last season’s associate head coach, will be taking the reins as head … 


					read more					 






   

timekeeping rules need changing for college and high school

by randy vogt
most of the games i ref are under the u.s. soccer umbrella, so official time is kept by the match referee. if time needs to be added, i announce, “a minimum of three minutes of stoppage time,” just as is done in professional games. i cannot remember the last time anybody has ever … 


					read more					 






   

former wingate all-america contributes to usl title

the usl championship was won by real monarchs, the second-division club of mls real salt lake.  the monarchs beat the new york red bulls ii, 3-1.  the red bulls are also owned by a mls club, and like the monarchs, serves as a reserve team for the parent club.
down the stretch, real monarchs, … 


					read more					 






   

berhalter prepares usmnt for canada rematch

some say that missing the 2018 fifa world cup was a wake-up call for u.s. soccer!  unfortunately, the federation only hit the snooze button!
since being eliminated in concacaf qualifying, and missing the fifa men’s world cup in russia, gregg berhalter was named the new men’s national team … 


					read more					 






previous



next









recent posts












 

new uswnt head coach hits sidelines running

there will be no honeymoon period for new u.s. women’s national team head coach vlatko andonovski, who has been appointed to replace jill ellis.
the competition comes quickly as he will be on the sidelines for the usa’s final two matches of the year, against sweden on nov. 7 at mapfre stadium in … 


					read more					 






 

powell out as coach of san antonio fc

darren powell is out as head coach of uls championship san antonio fc.  he had held that  job since 2016 when the club was launched.
the team failed this past season to make the playoffs for the third time in four years, dropping to 11th in the standings in the final week of the regular … 


					read more					 






 

young dutch defender commits to play for usa

christmas came early for us soccer, when teenager sergino dest announced that he would commit his international career to the united states.
the 18-year-old defender, who plays for dutch pro giant ajax, was also eligible to play internationally with the netherlands.  dest has represented the u.s. … 


					read more					 






 

courage repeats as nwsl champions with a shutout

the 2019 nwsl championship game between the north carolina courage and the chicago red stars was settled by halftime.  the courage held a 3-0 halftime lead on goals by debinha, jessica mcdonald and crystal dunn.  samantha mewis made it 4-0 with a second-half goal.
the final was the third straight … 


					read more					 






 

'19ers may just be the goat

by ray alley
it was around the noon hour back on the east coast of the usa. seven time zones away on a very hot sunday evening in lyon, france a young 24-year old midfielder carved up the the netherlands’ defensive back line.  she saw the space in front of her and she took it.
at the top … 


					read more					 












 





 





 





 









 





 





 





 









 





 





 





 









 





 





 





 

















camps
job center
tournaments











archives of recent articles and features

					click here					 












sports medicine




explosion of research on concussions






the high ankle sprain






using all that oxygen








coaches corner




encouraging young players to dribble!






teach your players to 'see the hole'








soccer ot newsletter - coming soon


sign up for a free newsletter










recent stories & features














 





 





 





 





 





 









 





 





 





 





 





 









 





 





 





 





 





 







previous



next








footer© 2018 southern soccer scene
home
camps
the job center
tournaments
advertising

© 2025 southern soccer scene







