









linda crew - 










icon caret-left



icon caret-right



instagram



pinterest



linkedin



facebook



twitter



goodreads



question-circle



facebook circle



twitter circle



linkedin circle



instagram circle



goodreads circle



pinterest circle










linda crew










home


biography


appearances


available titles


















contact linda crew: ljc1@earthlink.net








family trees: a novel of the northwest
buy kindle edition on amazon now








brides of eden youtube trailer








accidental addict youtube book trailer




















for a short, smokin' hot fire on the wind book trailer, click here


































photo credit: holly peterson, the ball studio



linda crew is the award-winning author of nine novels and now, two memoirs--one, a harrowing accoung of the perils of physician-prescribed drugs, and the latest focusing on her childhood, her marriage, and the wedding of her son, which necessitated a life-altering trip to one of the most beautiful and exotic corners of china. her readers range in age from children who enjoy the nekomah creek books to adults who have appreciated her recent cross-over titles such as brides of eden: a true story imagined, and a heart for any fate: westward to oregon 1845. she and her husband live in her hometown of corvallis, oregon, at wake robin farm, where they were married under the oak trees forty-nine years ago. when not writing, she enjoys working on their forest properties.





















"crew's prose flows smoothly across the page, inflected with wonderful details about the forests that form the backdrop of her characters' lives."
                                                                                                        kirkus reviews
 










corvallis, oregon, 2009. the economy is still in the tank from the great recession, and the garlands, owners of the largest family-owned forest tracts in the county, are reeling from a series of devastating personal losses.  nobody's having a harder time coping than will trask, the son-in-law who grew up in a logging family in the neighboring timber town of eden mills.  everyone loves the trees, but will, now a forestry consultant and real estate agent, faces a unique struggle in straddling the two worlds—those who own the forests and those who cut them down. the loss of his wife, the cherished daughter of the garland clan, has been a crushing blow, complicating his precarious family position.
    family trees is a story of the ways in which people who are stuck find the means to break free and move on. it examines the value as well as the limits of family ties, celebrating, above all, the courage it takes to recognize the power of the present moment, the power of now.  









family trees: a novel of the northwest
click here for more on family trees












once upon a time at wake robin farm in oregon, i was miraculously pregnant with our first child. that same summer, on the li river in southern china, a pretty woman exactly my age was also expecting. she and her husband were both artists. our child, born in august, was a son. theirs, born in october, a daughter. twenty-two years later these children, now grown, would meet in beijing. the girl from yangshuo had been studying english. our son, traveling with a university program, was rapidly become proficient in both mandarin and cantonese. these two could talk to each other.  they could fall in love.  and did. this is their story. and ours. everything in this book actually happened, even the lovely, fateful coincidences. especially those........









wedding in yangshuo 2 minute youtube trailer








watch a one-minute youtube booktrailer for a heart for any fate












a heart for any fate: westward to oregon 1845winner of the oregon book awardwinner of the willa literary award, named for willa cather and given by women writing the west."engagingly written, a heart for any fate belongs with the best historical fiction on the american west."--william g. robbins, emeritus distinguished professor of history, oregon state university.






















quick links














family trees: a novel of the northwest

corvallis, oregon, 2009. the economy is still in the tank from the great recession, and the garlands, owners of the largest family-owned forest tracts in the county, are reeling from a series of devastating personal losses. nobody's having a harder time coping than will trask, the son-in-law who grew up in a logging family in the neighboring timber town of eden mills. 




wedding in yangshuo: a memoir love, language, and the journey of a lifetime to the heart of china

a companion book to children of the river, a travel story about a family wedding in china, a writer's personal account of the twists and turns on the road to becoming a  writer, a wife, and a mother......pick up wedding in yangshuo and read it any way you want.




accidental addict: a true story of pain and healing....also marriage, real estate, and cowboy dancing

the author's memoir about her inadvertent addiction to and recovery from doctor-prescribed opioid painkillers and the benzodiazepine xanax.




brides of eden: a true story imagined

a mysterious man tears a small town apart with his seductive new religion. 




a heart for any fate: westward to oregon 1845

a spirited young woman joins her family in an overland journey to oregon that will test each one of them to the limits of their faith and endurance.




children of the river

in in the wake of the cambodian holocaust, a young khmer girl struggles to make a new life in the united states.




fire on the wind

an eighteen-mile wall of fire is roaring toward blue star, the logging camp where 13-yer-old storie lives with her family. can they get out in time? 




long time passing

against a backdrop of the 1960s, high school sophomore kathy shay wants to establish her own identity and connect her life with the turbulent world around her.




someday i'll laugh about this

thirteen-year-old shelby has always looked forward to vacations at the family's beach cabin, but this year, everything's different.  everything's wrong.




nekomah creek and nekomah creek christmas

robby hummer loves his family, even if they are somewhat unusual...



































loading…}





















