











http://weecareforkids.ca/ - wee care developmental









































































 










 902-455-1081  admin@weecareforkids.ca




wee care developmental
maximizing abilities






















                            menu         
                                  


home

philosophy
mission and vision
history
bridget deliah building
memorials
helpful links
privacy policy


about wee care

wee care is special!
50 years of care
curriculum
inclusion and diversity
programming
daily routine
therapy team
play space
snoezelen room
volunteers


our staff

beth towler
liz sdraulig
jenna leadbetter
robert f.
therapy team

lindsey c.
janice davis
anna plaskett
lilly maddalena


blue discoverers

costadina s.
simone m.
chelsea r.


red researchers

jessica c.
jessica m.
lalaine g.


purple pioneers

joan h.
firdous m.
el w.


mango adventurers

amanda j.
meghan a.
ambika s.


green explorers

andrew c.
ava a.
molly o’brien


yellow stargazers

cheryl b.
sarah l.
tammy z.


float staff

charmaine e.
tara c.
kim w.


handy andy
board of directors


donate to wee care

fundraising
go fund me
friends and sponsors
contributors of past projects


wait list

fees and subsidies
frequently asked questions
touring wee care


gallery
contact








 


wee care a special place
							
                               learn more                             




wait list join our family
							
                               sign up here                             




help us donating & fundraising
							
                               help here                             




celebrating 50 years1973-2023
							
                               read more                             


 





 

image of the child
as part of the nova scotia curriculum framework, the staff at wee care developmental centre



 

philosophy
our philosophy at wee care developmental centre, we believe that all children have the right to



 

mission and vision
mission statement at wee care developmental centre we strive to maximize abilities in all children





 






welcome to
wee care developmental
wee care developmental centre has been successfully maximizing the abilities of all children in our care since 1973.





outdoor activities
two enclosed playgrounds with climbing and exploration equipment. large field with sliding hill for the winter and whale's tail water feature for the summer.







funny and happy
the staff of wee care is proud of the work that they do and it shows. wee care boasts a diverse compliment of talented, accomplished and dedicated staff.







filled with love
the support staff and therapists at wee care embrace the teaching team and enhance the programming. wee care also has a chef, resource teacher, and two executives to keep everything running smoothly.







activity rooms
indoor gym with ball pit and climbing wall. lots of exploring and running opportunities. a snoezlen room and a black light room for quieter times and relaxation.











wee need you!
wee care is a non-profit developmental day care serving an inclusive population of preschool children. wee care provides high-quality programming for children of all abilities. parent fees help cover the basic operational costs but to offer our specialized services including lower teacher to child ratios and therapists (physical, occupational and musical) we must fundraise.
fund-raising efforts for wee care developmental centre are an ongoing endeavour. we accept donations throughout the year and welcome those who donate on a regular basis. wee care has recently partnered with unity values to help make donations easier for anyone who wants to help with a specific project or item. we also receive support when you purchase books from scholastic (class code rc146676), personalized items from mabel's labels. general donations are accepted via go fund me and pay pal. all giving is appreciated.


donate 















choosing wee care developmental centre







emergent curriculum









therapy team









volunteering









place to play











meet our staff
beth towlerexecutive directorliz sdrauligassistant directorjenna leadbetterinclusion coordinatorrobert f.cheflindsey c.physical therapistanna plaskettmusic therapycostadina s.teacher in blue discovererssimone m.teacher in blue discovererschelsea r.teacher in blue discoverersjessica c.teacher in red researchersjessica m.teacher in red researcherslalaine g.teacher in red researchersjoan h.teacher in purple pioneersfirdous m.teacher in purple pioneerstara c.teacher in purple pioneersel w.teacher in mango adventurersamanda j.teacher in mango adventurersmeghan a.teacher in mango adventurerscheryl b.teacher in yellow stargazerssarah l.teacher in yellow stargazerstammy z.teacher in yellow stargazersandrew c.teacher in green explorersava a.teacher in green explorersmolly o.teacher in green explorerscharmaine e.float staffkim w.float staffambika s.float staffhandy andyvolunteer









what parents say



this is my baby bear living his best life at @weecarehfx. wee care changed theo's life. simply put, the staff here are incredible.theo has grown into a sweet and smart little boy that we never was possible and we owe


theo – the heart warrior parent of wee care



in september 2008, kymiah was one year old. she was a tiny little girl with a head the size of a cantaloupe and a diagnosis of “brain stem baby!” she surpassed her life expectancy of 3 months and the doctors


kymiah london’s story happy parents



we sent our 18 month old here for one month before having to switch due to commute reasons. this is a fantastic school with truly caring staff. the facilities are not brand new, well-used is the word i'd use, but


esme story happy parents



we are so proud. there are no words to express the feelings we have, the gratitude for all the work, patience and caring that has been given to katrina. in ten months, a child who was classified as “delayed” has


katrina’s story happy parents



one of the gifts i know wee care will give tyler is the ability to care about, share with, understand and respect all children whatever the challenges they face in life. i know that during his years at wee care,


tyler’s story happy parents













about uswee care developmental centre welcomes all children and believes that every child is special. wee care is a non-profit community service providing care for children 4 months to 5 years of age. programming is based on the rationale of early intervention and integration for healthy mind and body growth. maximizing potential is what we do!

details 





our benefits

fully integrated childcare setting
3 staff per classroom with a maximum of 14 children
large outdoor playspace with sledding hills and a water feature
indoor gym and snoezelen room
physical, occupational and musical therapy on site
we see the treasure at the end of the rainbow.



working hourswee care is closed on all statutory holidays. for storm closures and other updates, please see cbc stormwatch or our social media accounts.

monday:
7 am - 5:30 pm




tuesday:
7 am - 5:30 pm




wednesday:
7 am - 5:30 pm




thursday:
7 am - 5:30 pm




friday:
7 am - 5:30 pm




contact us 











connect with us
please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *firstlastemail *subject *comment or message *custom captcha * 




=

 



submit 






 






at wee care - we care
wee care is a non-profit community service providing preschool programs based on the rationale of early intervention and integration. we provide professional and inclusive care for typically developing children and special needs children, from the ages of 4 months to 5 years.  







our gallery













































get in touch

5217 young street, halifax, nova scotia b3k 6a6

 902-455-1081
 admin@weecareforkids.ca








copyright © wee care developmental centre 2020. all rights reserved
design by grace themes and glcinc

























