


the stupid shall be punished

























    
	the stupid shall be punished
	
  


keeping the blogosphere posted on the goings on of the world of submarines since late 2004...  and mocking and belittling general foolishness wherever it may be found. idaho's first and foremost submarine blog. (if you don't like something on this blog, please e-mail me; don't call me at home.)





tuesday, april 01, 2014



	 

	 fair winds and following seas
	 
    





it's been almost 10 years, but it's time for me to say "farewell" to the stupid shall be punished and hang up my blogger's hat. basically, i've run out of unclas sea stories. thanks to all the readers and commenters who have made tssbp the great place it's been for submariners to hang out, argue, and tell sea stories over the last decade. i think that communities like this are important, and i hope someone else picks up the baton and runs with it.

i'll probably post again if there's some "lead story in the news" type of submarine story, or if i ever finish the short story i've been thinking about writing for the last 12 years, or if i just need a convenient parking spot for some long-form political essay i feel i need to write, but otherwise i think this will be it. thanks for reading all my sea stories over the years, and contributing your own.

as all submariners know, and non-submariners have such difficulty understanding, the brotherhood of submarining is truly unique. in no other field of endeavor do men have to place such trust in one another at all times to keep one another safe. this creates a bond that years and distance cannot dim. i often feel that i probably have more in common with non-american submariners than i do with regular people in my hometown. the experiences we share -- the ones we can't share with anyone else outside the fraternity -- are what make us so different. while other military organizations share something similar, we are the only group -- outside of maybe astronauts -- who exist continually surrounded by an environment that can kill us in an instant if someone makes a mistake, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, when out at sea. submariners must trust their shipmates, and their ships, literally with our lives. we each leave something of ourselves behind on each submarine on which we serve, from which each boat forms it's own soul. submarines are truly alive with the blood, sweat, and tears of every person who has served on her.

"they that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters; these see the works of the lord, and his wonders in the deep." -- psalms 107:23-24


going deep...




posted by bubblehead at 7:19 am
       |
         78 comments






saturday, march 29, 2014



	 

	 submarine force loses two, much too soon
	 
    


yesterday marked the formal decommissioning of uss miami (ssn 755), destroyed by an arsonist in 2012.

past and present crew members, their families and other invited guests attended the event.

"admiral, the watch is secured," reported miami's skipper cmdr. rolf spelker to submarine group 2 commander rear adm. ken perry, marking the end of the ship's nearly 24-year journey...
...during more than a dozen deployments over the past two decades, miami fully employed her capabilities while operating in maritime regions near north america, europe, africa and the middle east.

miami was america's first nuclear-powered submarine to transit the suez canal, an honor earned during her second deployment in 1994. 

in the late 1990s, miami launched tomahawk cruise missile strikes during operation desert fox in iraq and operation allied force in kosovo. she earned the nickname "big gun" after becoming the first submarine since world war ii to fire ordnance during combat operations in two different theaters.
on a more unexpected and therefore tragic note, cdr barry r. rodrigues, former xo of uss connecticut (ssn 22) and recent co of uss wyoming (ssbn 742)(blue), passed away last saturday. the family has asked that, in lieu of flowers, in memoriam donations be made to the dolphin scholarship foundation.

sailor, rest your oar.




posted by bubblehead at 3:09 pm
       |
         22 comments






sunday, march 23, 2014



	 

	 international submarine open thread
	 
    


while i'm mourning the booting of my beloved jaywalkshawks from the tournament, i'll post an open thread for whatever you guys want to talk about, with a couple of international submarine news items:

1) hms tireless (s88) was denied permission by the uae to enter port for a planned port visit/crew swap in dubai, waiting around for a week before heading off to goa. many family members, who had come to visit, were understandably disappointed. no reason was given. have you ever had family members waiting for you for a port visit that was cancelled?

2) ukrainian navy submarine zaporizhzhia (u-01) was forcefully taken by russian forces on saturday and incorporated into the russian navy. i know that eastern europeans do things differently, but i just can't understand the concept of letting one's ship be taken by an opposing force. i'm sure they had orders from higher authority to not provide any resistance, but still...

bell-ringer 1500 24 mar: corrected a typo caused by my distraught state of mind after kansas' loss; thanks to the commenter for pointing it out.




posted by bubblehead at 12:48 pm
       |
         39 comments






sunday, march 09, 2014



	 

	 uss connecticut xo relieved
	 
    


from the navy website:


pearl harbor, hawaii (nns) -- the executive officer of the bremerton, wash.-based fast attack submarine uss connecticut (ssn 22) was relieved of his duties march 8 due to a loss of confidence in his ability to serve as executive officer. 

lt. cmdr. brett j. sterneckert was removed from his position by rear adm. phillip g. sawyer, commander, submarine force, u.s. pacific fleet, based at joint base pearl harbor-hickam. 

an ncis investigation into the circumstances leading to lt. cmdr. sterneckert's relief is ongoing. 

sterneckert, who had served aboard connecticut since june 2012, has been administratively reassigned to submarine group 9 in bangor, wash.
this kind of news always sucks, but especially when it's one of your old boats. i haven't heard any "off the record" stuff on this firing, but it is interesting that lcdr sterneckert has been on the boat for about 21 months; back in the day, the xo tour length was about 22 months, and i think i remember reading recently that it's down to about 20 months (nominal) now, so this publicly-announced relief happened near the end of his tour. i'm also interested to see the navy announce that ncis is involved in "investigating the circumstances". hopefully mcgee and dinozzo can do a good investigation.




posted by bubblehead at 4:06 pm
       |
         177 comments






friday, march 07, 2014



	 

	 friday facepalms
	 
    


some news items about submarines (and those who wish they could be submariners) from around the globe:

1) in which a non-technical british "defence" minister attempts to explain to a bunch of non-technical mps why a fef in a prototype reactor will result in the early refueling of their boomer fleet. hilarity ensues.

2) did you ever complain about the shipyard maintenance availability that seemed to go on and on? just be glad you're not an indian submariner on this boat.

3) in skimmer news, it looks like they want to start a "top gun"/"perisher" type course for skimmer officers. i can imagine the topics now: "how to contact the opfor submarine and get them to make more noise so you have a hope of finding them"; "scheduling wardroom meetings at 1900 while in liberty ports"; "no, we can't just submerge under the heavy seas to make the ship stop rolling".




posted by bubblehead at 9:35 am
       |
         4 comments






thursday, march 06, 2014



	 

	 the crimea crisis
	 
    


russia escalated the crimea crisis today by scuttling an old kara-class cruiser in a chokepoint outside novoozerne as the crimean parliament scheduled a plebiscite to decide if the region would stay in the ukraine or join russia. the ukrainian mod published a picture of the ex-rfs ochakov:




popular mechanics has an interesting article on the history of scuttling one's own ships to blockade an opposing navy.

while i'm glad to see the 6th fleet isn't cancelling the planned black sea operations of uss truxtun (ddg 103), i was disappointed president obama's statement just a few minutes ago didn't mention any military options nato could take to protect the alliance's relatively new members in eastern europe from further russian adventurism. (the crimean seizure seems to be pretty much a fait accompli at this point.) personally, i'd like to see the president announce the abandonment of the announced defense cuts from his newest budget, resumption on discussions of deployment of an abm system in eastern europe, and specific reminders that the baltic countries are an integral part of nato. don't be afraid to rub the russians' noses in their failures during the 1990s.

one of the reasons i voted for president obama's opponents in the last two elections was his lack of foreign policy credentials and his seeming naïveté about the presence of bad guys in the world who, it turns out, will not be nice to their neighbors if only their neighbors are nice to them. his selection of john f'n kerry as his 2nd term secstate only heightened my concern that he didn't really understand that major power politics still exist in the world. i'm hopeful, though, that he's learning a valuable lesson now and can show a little more gumption in future crises.

of note, it's interesting that birther central seems to be taking russia's side. is the anti-obama crowd really so far gone that they're willing to support anyone who is opposing "obummer"?




posted by bubblehead at 11:54 am
       |
         25 comments






sunday, march 02, 2014



	 

	 good official submarine video
	 
    


got a half hour? here's a good video from the pentagon channel that i somehow missed when it first came out. has some good virginia-class action shots in the middle third.







posted by bubblehead at 3:16 pm
       |
         7 comments






wednesday, february 26, 2014



	 

	 another indian submarine suffers mishap
	 
    


only 6 months after the tragic explosion and fire aboard ins sindhurakshak (s63), another indian kilo, ins sindhuratna (s 59) suffered a mishap, this one at sea; the indian cno resigned as a result:

the submarine, sindhuratna, was forced to surface after smoke was detected on board, the government said in a statement. seven crew members were airlifted from the submarine and admitted to a hospital in mumbai, where they were in stable condition, said narendra vispute, a spokesman for the indian navy. two other crew members were missing, “and all efforts are in progress to locate them,” the statement said.

after the accident, adm. d. k. joshi, chief of the indian naval staff, submitted his resignation, “taking moral responsibility for the accidents and incidents which have taken place during the past few months,” the statement said. the government accepted his resignation and will appoint a new naval chief.
while details are still coming in, it appears that two officers (a lcdr and lt) are still missing and feared dead, and 7 crewmembers were medivac'd off after a fire in the "3rd compartment". (a kilo has six compartments.) initial reports indicate a battery casualty and possible fire, with the missing officers being sealed inside when the compartment was isolated. sindharatna was reported undergoing sea trials following a 6 month refit.

staying at pd and sending prayers and best wishes for the missing submariners, their shipmates, and loved ones.

update 1150 2/27: the missing officers are reported to be dead. more information here. lieutenant commander kapish muwal and lieutenant manoranjan kumar, rest your oars.

it's been a bad week for submarines in the indian ocean. an australian boat, hmas waller (ssg 75) also suffered a fire during post-upkeep sea trials, with four sailors sent to shore for observation after the fire was put out.




posted by bubblehead at 8:07 pm
       |
         8 comments






tuesday, february 18, 2014



	 

	 this is a ridiculous reason to fire someone
	 
    


i'm kinda speechless over this one. from the navy website:

washington (nns) -- director, strategic systems programs vice adm. terry benedict relieved capt. john p. heatherington, commanding officer of naval ordnance test unit (notu), cape canaveral, fla., of his duties feb. 18 due to loss of confidence in heatherington's ability to command and for promoting an unprofessional command climate that was contrary to good order and discipline.

heatherington was relieved and received non-judicial punishment (njp) after a thorough command investigation revealed circumstances related to a command-sponsored, off-duty event. he failed to prevent members of his command from wrongfully soliciting items of monetary value and accepting items of value from a company doing business with the department of defense. he also wrongfully affiliated the u. s. navy with businesses that are not representative of the navy and dod's high standards. 

the mission of notu is to support and test sea based weapons systems. the circumstances in question are not related to notu's mission. safety, security and integrity have not been compromised. no impact on notu's ability to continue their mission is expected...

...notu's senior enlisted leader, master chief petty officer eric spindle, was also relieved of his duties for similar reasons. command master chief(ss) victor smith, ssp cmc, has assumed duties as senior enlisted leader for notu.
here's some more background from navy times. capt heatherington is the former co of uss pasadena (ssn 752), and master chief spindle is an mtcm(ss) well-respected enough to have been on the fy2014 e-9 board. the businesses that were "wrongfully affiliated" with that are "not representative" of the navy are local strip clubs. the admiral who did the firing is a known skimmer, who brazenly wears his water wings in his official photo but no command at sea pin, because he's an edo and never held command at sea.

note that captain heatherington and master chief spindle are not accused of actively soliciting the donations from the strip club -- they just knew about it and didn't stop it. sorry, but to me, unless the skimmer admiral had personally crayoned out an order that no units under his command were allowed to solicit strip club donations for a fundraising golf tournament, this is a ridiculous reason to fire anyone. pc culture run amok. ridiculous. likewise, the "company doing business with the navy" solicitation rule is idiotic, and firing someone because their guys broke the rule without malice is stupid.

as with all controversial topics, ymmv, and i'd love to hear your thoughts.




posted by bubblehead at 4:13 pm
       |
         164 comments






monday, february 17, 2014



	 

	 150 years ago
	 
    


today marks the 150th anniversary of css hunley's sinking of uss housatonic, the first successful submarine attack in history. hunley was lost with all hands shortly after the attack, but her raised hull is providing a trove of information to historians. here's a drawing of the boat from the navy history webpage:




speaking of anniversaries, the navy cyberspace blog, one of the older milblogs, celebrated their 10th blogiversary yesterday. if you haven't visited in a while, your should stop by and see what tom's been up to over there.




posted by bubblehead at 7:10 am
       |
         9 comments






monday, february 10, 2014



	 

	 controversial topics
	 
    


i ended up closing comments on the previous thread because people mentioned names of people who weren't in the news in a negative light, which is one of the very few commenting rules we have here on tssbp. in addition, there was one commenter who spoofed an active duty submariner (using the submariners name as the commenter "name"), which is completely out of bounds. since i allow anonymous commenting, i can't "ban" anyone from commenting, but if i could, that guy would be gone.

let's see how we do on some other potentially controversial stories in the news:

1) uss scranton (ssn 756) tried 8 hour watches to get a 24 hour "day" on the boat. here's a story about how it went.

2) do abusive leaders get promoted in the navy? the answer may shock you! (yes, i did the click-bait "answer may shock you" intentionally because i think it's funny when websites say that in the lede.) remember: when telling sea stories about abusive leaders, no names! come up with something clever like "he who must not be named" (although you can't use that one, because i've already claimed that for one subron 11 boat co i served under in the early '90s).

3) iran is claiming they're sending a "fleet" (consisting of a 45 year old destroyer and a "helicopter carrier" that is really an oiler/repair ship that has a single helo landing pad) near the u.s. maritime border. various commenters claim that the president is somehow weak if he doesn't sink them in international waters because if he doesn't it proves obama is a muslim or something. [seriously, why is it that otherwise reasonable people -- including some submariners -- seem to lose all perspective and rationality where president obama is concerned?] personally, i think the odds of them making it past the equator are fairly low without one of the vessels needing to be taken under tow, but they might surprise us, in which case the 2nd fleet tf 80 might get some excellent training opportunities.

bell-ringer 0640 11 feb: changed "2nd fleet" to "tf 80", as i'd forgotten c2f had been disestablished a couple years ago. that's what happens when you've been out of the navy for too long, you tend to forget things like that.




posted by bubblehead at 5:01 pm
       |
         93 comments






tuesday, february 04, 2014



	 

	 uh-oh
	 
    


well, it's not just the air force that's freaking out the media with an alleged cheating scandal involving the word "nuclear". from navy times:

the navy’s top admiral says the service is investigating alleged cheating among senior sailors on written tests related to training on naval nuclear power reactors...
...the allegations involve alleged cheating on tests related to the nuclear reactors that provide propulsion for navy submarines and aircraft carriers...
...at this stage of the investigation, approximately a dozen sailors are believed to be involved in the alleged cheating, although the investigation is still active and has not reached final conclusions.
kind of scary, and potentially more damaging to the navy than the memphis scandal back in 2010. i have no idea what group is alleged to have cheated, but certain words in the story ("senior sailors", "submarines and aircraft carriers", "approximately a dozen") would certainly seem to point to an elite periodic school in the d.c. area that gives nuclear training to both submarine and carrier very "senior" sailors and has fairly small class sizes. i really hope it isn't that school they're talking about, and that instead it's just guys cheating on the pneo exam -- although i'm not sure how they'd really do that, since studying questions from previous exams is the entire curriculum of engineer's school.

update 1510 2/4: looks like it's not pco school. this article on cnn.com is unintelligible, but since it mentions "enlistees" and "south carolina", i'm gonna guess it might be nuc school or nptu staff proficiency exams.

update 0635 2/5: as more information comes out, it looks like it was ews qualification exams for sea returnee instructors. so it's a bigger deal than if it was the quarterly t-week ct exams.
here's a link to the transcript of the press conference the cno and adm richardson had on the subject yesterday, along with the video:







posted by bubblehead at 3:03 pm
       |
         131 comments






thursday, january 23, 2014



	 

	 missile launches
	 
    


i was never assigned to a boomer, and got underway on one only once -- as a rider on alpha trials for uss louisiana (ssbn 743). however, a lot of tssbp readers are boomer guys, so i figure i should have a post for them to tell some of their favorite boomer-centric stories.

the obvious difference between boomers and attack boats is that the ssbns launch ballistic missiles. here's a video of a 4 missile salvo:




of course, some launches don't work exactly as expected:




what are your favorite missile launch stories? for the non-mt/boomer weps crowd, what do you think of the new military policy regarding religious exemptions for beards and whatnot?






posted by bubblehead at 9:42 am
       |
         66 comments






sunday, january 12, 2014



	 

	 beginning of year news and videos
	 
    


-- to send off 2013, here's the official subfor propaganda video looking back at the last year:



-- and here's a link to a fairly long (33 minute) video that seems to be mostly raw interviews from the sea trials of uss minnesota (ssn 783) that took place last may. it's interesting if you haven't seen a lot of footage from the inside of a virginia-class boat. the boat just shifted her homeport to groton.

-- adm kinnaird mckee, who took over naval reactors from adm rickover (and was the admiral i interviewed with), passed away on december 30th. sailor, rest your oar.

-- here's a link to the results of the fy15 major command selection board that i neglected to post back in november.

-- we're going to start capping four tubes on each of our 14 operational ssbns next year to meet the requirements of the new start treaty. it's expected to be done by 2018.

-- lastly, if you find yourself in charleston next month, there will be a four day event marking the 150th anniversary of the first successful submarine attack, by css h. l. hunley against uss housatonic.




posted by bubblehead at 4:38 am
       |
         27 comments











about me

name:  bubblehead 
location:  meridian, idaho, united states 
i'm joel kennedy -- a married, 50-something year old retired submarine officer and esophageal cancer survivor with three kids who has finally made the transition to civilian life. politically, i'm a radical moderate. (if you don't like something on this blog, please e-mail me. don't call me at home.)
view my complete profile

follow tssbp on facebook
previous posts

fair winds and following seas
submarine force loses two, much too soon
international submarine open thread
uss connecticut xo relieved
friday facepalms
the crimea crisis
good official submarine video
another indian submarine suffers mishap
this is a ridiculous reason to fire someone
150 years ago





























prev
|
list
|
random
|
next
join
powered by ringsurf!



view my milblogging.com profile



















my duty stations

archives

september 2004
october 2004
november 2004
december 2004
january 2005
february 2005
march 2005
april 2005
may 2005
june 2005
july 2005
august 2005
september 2005
october 2005
november 2005
december 2005
january 2006
february 2006
march 2006
april 2006
may 2006
june 2006
july 2006
august 2006
september 2006
october 2006
november 2006
december 2006
january 2007
february 2007
march 2007
april 2007
may 2007
june 2007
july 2007
august 2007
september 2007
october 2007
november 2007
december 2007
january 2008
february 2008
march 2008
april 2008
may 2008
june 2008
july 2008
august 2008
september 2008
october 2008
november 2008
december 2008
january 2009
february 2009
march 2009
april 2009
may 2009
june 2009
july 2009
august 2009
september 2009
october 2009
november 2009
december 2009
january 2010
february 2010
march 2010
april 2010
may 2010
june 2010
july 2010
august 2010
september 2010
october 2010
november 2010
december 2010
january 2011
february 2011
march 2011
april 2011
may 2011
june 2011
july 2011
august 2011
september 2011
october 2011
november 2011
december 2011
january 2012
february 2012
march 2012
april 2012
may 2012
june 2012
july 2012
august 2012
september 2012
october 2012
november 2012
december 2012
january 2013
february 2013
march 2013
april 2013
may 2013
june 2013
july 2013
august 2013
september 2013
october 2013
november 2013
december 2013
january 2014
february 2014
march 2014
april 2014

links
group submarine blog
ultraquiet no more
submariners
jo rules
bothenook
chapomatic
unconsidered trifles
submandave
ron martini's sub bbs
rob's blog online magazine
photios
the sub report
molten eagle
larry's homeport
quartermaster
gus van horn
submarine sailor
wtfo
uss dolphin
sub-log.com
out on a limb
ssn-687
right mind
musings of an old man
da fox hole
aloha dump
reality frame
the cook shack
myron's mind
dramaal's daily
submarines forever
nereus
ssn 703
coblinks
the old coot
dcs security
ramblinboy
subsowespac.org
uss augusta
midwatch cowboy
blowing san #1
tubedaze
in through the out door
boomer rider
blunoz' random ramblings
twelve fluid ounces
our sub life
whiners of the deep
emergency blow
question everything
upscope consulting
beebsblog
rich
checks with chart
decks awash
no slack, fast attack
sandy salt
terminus
navy blue cougar
thinking nuclear
dare2believe.com
two black tires
uberfit
ttff
the em log
thought spray
subgru ten
exnavynuke
the lean submariner
submarine wives
submarine wives club
all ahead full
silly lady's ramblings
cpo submarine wives
submarinewife.com
life, love... sanity
navy wife radio
lovely yellow ribbons
our life
uss retired
my chihuahua bites!
pass the chopsticks
sparkle with light
a life less ordinary
crazy submarine lady
lizabee & co.
inactive submarine blogs
submarine brotherhood
right bubbleheads
mailbuoy
brainy's blog
hamilton's pamphlets
sound general quarters
seven tubes...
ok2b nought
four knots to nowhere
bubblehead joe
hundreds of fathoms
zero bubble
the discomfort of thought
snapshot tube 2
desert periscope
lazrambles
torpedo in the water
professor lieutenant
run aground
don't call me sir
mil-bloggers
milblog ring hq
usni blog
scoopdeck
blackfive
mudville gazette
winds of change
milblogging.com
cdr salamander
neptunus lex
flight pundit
the fourth rail
eaglespeak
argghhh!!!
chaotic synaptic activity
nosi
far east cynic
slightly rough
jack army
soldiers' angels
rmc's navalcadetis minorae
mreeater
aubreyj.org
information dissemination
fewl.net
navy dads
bosphorus naval news
russian navy blog
rotorhead's cancer blog
steeljaw scribe
next navy
cut of his jib
navy cyberspace blog
my favorites
ninme
instapundit
michelle malkin
hot air
nro - the corner
imao
ace of spades hq
dilbert.blog
tigerhawk
blamebush (satire)
villainous company
best of the web
a. e. brain
arts & letters
dave barry
technochitlins
power and control
a blog for all
mommy matters
outside the beltway
anna's clue tank
soldiers' angel - holly aho
explicitly ambiguous
pettifog
conservathink
ghost of a flea
my vast right wing conspiracy
fred fry international
jonathan coulton
lds science
travel nurse aim
mrs. mills
rosemary's thoughts
table bread
taylor & company
two wheels and a dream
the everyday republican
college: the blog
4 teh lulz
camina conmigo
san juan bruce's
blog admin
my technorati profile
google submarine news
yahoo submarine news
my blogshares profile
navsource sub photos
subsim sub news
u.s. central command
tsr sub links
idaho sites
reading the race
uncle boise
blognetnews idaho
blog idaho
red state rebels
adam's blog
clayton cramer's blog
boise guardian
f-words
the political game
girlfriday
byu-i college democrats
idaho times
idablue
we have failed...
idahofallz.com
huckleberries online
new west boise
dennis mansfield
mountaingoat report
magic valley mormon
idaho-hum
unequivocal notion
seattleite in idaho
royal (nw) mounted valise
kevin richert
trishandhalli
kellogg bloggin'
rep. marv hagedorn
free in idaho
scott picken
morialekafa
43rd state blues
left side of the moon
here in idaho
free market duck
ridenbaugh press
fortboise
boise picayune
ipt editor's blog
standing up to pelosi
citydesk
idaho freedom foundation
tubob
give me liberty
cobweb
nemesis today
boise real estate blog
idaho conservative blogger
idaho reporter
mayor tammy
red state blue guy
2010 idaho elections
minnick for congress
labrador for congress
allred for governor
otter for governor
sullivan for senate
crapo for senate
idaho district 20 democrats
rex rammell - always humorous
what i'm reading
rogue trident
the marine corps way




search idaho blogs



blognetnews.com















 
















