
















the design school | arizona state university
















































celebrating 70 years of design education at asu

join us this october to share cherished memories, reunite with long-time friends, and honor the exceptional work of our design community.


      learn more
    














why the design school is right for you





the design school is the largest and the most comprehensive design school in the nation. our diverse programs are in the top 20 in the country and teach students to master their design disciplines. students learn the art of collaboration and how to work across disciplines. the school’s innovative spirit drives new ideas and solves problems through partnerships with industry, communities and other academic units. come be part of building a better future for us all!

visit campus












we offer degrees in architecture, environmental design, industrial design, interior design,  graphic design, landscape architecture and urban design.
learn more
academic

academic



we offer degrees in architecture, environmental design, industrial design, interior design,  graphic design, landscape architecture and urban design.
learn more






find your next steps for applying to the design school.
learn more
admission

admission



find your next steps for applying to the design school.
learn more






learn why the design school is the ideal place to practice, learn and grow.
learn more
student life

student life



learn why the design school is the ideal place to practice, learn and grow.
learn more






























 





areas of studyarchitectureentrepreneurship and leadershipenvironmental designgraphic design industrial design interior designlandscape architectureurban designphd in design
















    asu events
    
  



    asu news
    
  























the design school is a school within the herberger institute for design and the arts.the herberger institute comprises asu fidm and asu fidm museum; the school of art; the school of arts, media and engineering; the design school; the sidney poitier new american film school; the school of music, dance and theatre; and the asu art museum.





































the design school

contact us

support asu






                  academics
                  




apply now
architecture
entrepreneurship and leadership
environmental design
graphic design
industrial design
interior design
landscape architecture
urban design
phd program
minors and certificates








                  connect
                  




events
take a tour
contact us
employment








                  impact
                  




news
invest in asu
research and initiatives








                  people
                  




faculty
researchers
alumni
student work
leadership
donors












maps and locations
jobs
directory
contact asu
my asu















copyright and trademark
accessibility
privacy
terms of use
emergency










suggest an update to this page









