





alpha delta phi society – a gender-inclusive literary society





















































 













 


cart 

undergrads 
leadership
directory 
 


 




alpha delta phi society






toggle navigation



about us 

chapters & affiliates
awards & scholarships
society leadership
newsletters & honor rolls
notable alpha delts


join 

start a chapter
new chapter information
diversity & inclusion
policies & standards


get involved 

committees and projects
lifelong opportunities
keep in touch
regional graduate organizations
mentoring
educational trainings


convention 

registration
convention code of conduct


society store 

shop here
exchange and refund policy


calendar
donate
 










alpha delta phi society
gender-inclusive literary society

we support black lives matter















our valueswhat it means to be an alpha delt 


 

 


literary & arts

to us, literature is more than books. it's art, stem, and whatever you're passionate about.




 


siblinghood

being a member of the alpha delta phi society goes beyond traditional notions of greek life.




 


inclusivity

we are a gender-inclusive society filled with a diverse group of leaders.


 













the alpha delta phi society is a gender-inclusive literary society dedicated to developing character, scholarship, and enduring friendships. our mission is to bring together a diverse and supportive community, foster intellectual and personal growth, and cultivate passionate individuals of good character and integrity. as a living, breathing organization rooted in a tradition of shared values, we proudly redefine what it means to be a greek-letter organization.the alpha delta phi society, formed by a group of chapters that withdrew from the alpha delta phi fraternity in 1992, is an independent and legally separate gender-inclusive organization not affiliated with the fraternity.“[alpha delta phi] must be built on a more comprehensive scale than other societies, in regard to its intellectual proportions; providing for every variety of taste and talent, and embracing every department of literature and science.” —samuel eells, founder of alpha delta phi, 1832read up on the history of our founding or visit our wikipedia page.read more on chapters & affiliates. 













contact information
get in touch with the alpha delta phi society. all form submissions will be properly redirected to the appropriate party.




contact us


please enable javascript in your browser to complete this form.name *email *subjectmessage *send message  









 society phone number – 847-581-1992

 2242 n. baldwin way #5b, palatine, il 60074

 incident report hotline – 513-716-5401incident report form – www.adps.org/report

 


 
				the alpha delta phi society, formed by a group of chapters that withdrew from the alpha delta phi fraternity in 1992, is an independent and legally separate gender-inclusive organization not affiliated with the fraternity.
			
 









































