





    school of veterinary science - massey university
  












































































        you are using an outdated browser. 
        please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.
    





        we use cookies to help us understand how you use our website so we can improve your experience. visit our
        website privacy statement 
        or our 
        cookies page.
      



        i understand
      




skip to content


main navigation menu














                                    study / ako
                                



                                    student life / te oranga tauira
                                



                                    research / rangahau
                                



                                    about / kaupapa matua
                                



                                    search / rapu
                                





                                    māori @ massey
                                



                                    international students
                                



                                    library
                                



                                    student & staff portal
                                



                                    stream
                                



                                    alumni
                                
















                            māori @ massey
                        



                            international students
                        



                            library
                        



                            student & staff portal
                        



                            stream
                        



                            alumni
                        






                                study
                            , 

                                ako
                            





                                student life
                            , 

                                te oranga tauira
                            





                                research
                            , 

                                rangahau
                            





                                about
                            , 

                                kaupapa matua
                            





                                search
                            , 

                                rapu
                            















                  home
                








                  about
                








                  colleges, schools & institutes
                











                  college of sciences
                







                school of veterinary science
              

















                college of sciences
            



school of veterinary science
, 
tāwharau ora


massey ranks highly in the top vet schools in the world and is internationally accredited. shape a bright future for animal health, wellbeing and sustainable production.










                            overview
                        



                            study with us
                        



                            our people
                        



                            research
                        



                            accreditations & rankings
                        



                            work with us
                        



                            contact us
                        







            overview
        


the school of veterinary science – tāwharau ora advances knowledge in animal health and welfare, biosecurity, conservation, and sustainable productivity.we are a world leader in our field, working with governments, other universities, international and national organisations, and companies to improve animal health, welfare and production, and human health.

te tiriti o waitangi at masseyat massey we are tiriti-led, upholding te tiriti o waitangi principles through our practice. we embrace this not just as an obligation but as a real opportunity for the nation and its people.te tiriti o waitangi ki te kunenga ki pūrehuroa – the treaty of waitangi at masseytāwharau ora, the te reo māori name gifted to the school, encapsulates our aim to be a place of wellbeing, healing and recovery for people and animals. tāwharau can be translated as shelter or haven, and the meanings of ora include health, safe, recover and heal.these concepts guide our course planning and research, how we interact with each other, and staff and students' responsibilities towards the animals we take into our care.in 2023, the new zealand veterinary association - te pae kīrehe, the veterinary council of new zealand - te kaunihera rata kararehe o aotearoa and the school issued the following collective statement on inclusivity in the veterinary profession:








honouring te tiriti o waitangi, together we will enable an inclusive, culturally safe veterinary profession representative of aotearoa new zealand, in which all members thrive and feel supported and valued for who they are.




            study with us
        


join a world-class veterinary programme. get hands-on experience in specialist vet clinics for cats and dogs, farm animals, horses and wildlife.




need help or know what you want to study?



        get advice
      

          apply to study
        






explore by area of interest
explore a selection of qualifications relating to your interests.







                        
                        
                            study veterinary science
                        
                    

study at massey to get hands-on experience in specialist vet clinics for cats and dogs, farm animals, horses and wild birds. enrol today.








our mission, purpose and valuesmission – whāingaadvancing animal and human wellbeing, and environmental sustainability, through veterinary education and research for aotearoa new zealand and the world.purpose – kaupapato promote an environment that supports the education and development of our people to become world class veterinary professionals, educators, researchers and global citizens.vision – wawatato be world-renowned as the veterinary school that everyone wants to be part of.values – uaracommunity – whānau: we value our communities and whānau.inclusion – mahi tahi: we embrace inclusion and encourage participation from all members of our community.integrity – pono: we are authentic and professional in all that we do.respect – aroha: we respect each other and value differing perspectives.innovation and excellence – auaha, hirana: we continually challenge ourselves to grow as we strive to be the best that we can be as individuals and as a community.wellbeing – hauora: we prioritise the wellbeing of animals, our people and the environment.




who we are
our people make us who we are. meet some of the senior leaders in the school of veterinary science.

see all staff and explore their research interests









            professor jon huxley
        
dean and head of school of veterinary science
jon huxley joined massey in may 2018 having previously worked in two uk vet schools. his clinical and research expertise is in dairy cow population health, particularly lameness and the impact of the housed environment on animal health and welfare.



                            view jon huxley's profile
                        










            professor jenny weston
        
associate dean academic
jenny weston is a massey bvsc graduate (1994) who's worked in the veterinary school since 2002. jenny's clinical background is predominantly with dairy cattle and her research interests include:infectious diseases of cattlewellbeing and career experiences of veterinarians. 



                            view jenny weston's profile
                        








            professor wendi roe
        
deputy head of school of veterinary science
wendi roe graduated from massey vet school in 1990 and spent 10 years in practice in nz and the uk before returning to massey to complete her residency in pathology. she joined the massey faculty in 2003. her research focuses on marine mammals, particularly the impacts of infectious diseases. 



                            view wendi roe's profile
                        







our researchthe school of veterinary science conducts research across a large number of species in a wide range of disciplines. our work contributes to advances in:animal care and welfarebiosecurityprimary industries vital to the new zealand economypublic health.


            research teams
        
examples of how our academics create and share new knowledge.





        mepilab
      
professor david hayman and professor jackie benschop

massey's molecular epidemiology and public health laboratory (mepilab) focuses on the prevention and control of infectious diseases. we develop and apply new techniques to inform decision-making and improve the health of all new zealanders.mepilab




        equine research centre
      

a unique collaboration between veterinarians, animal scientists and sport scientists to address key industry research questions. we perform scientific research and promote education to optimise the health and welfare of horses, and the productivity of the equine industry.find out more




        one health aotearoa
      
professor david murdoch (otago university) and distinguished professor nigel french (massey)

massey veterinary scientists are part of one health aotearoa. an alliance of new zealand’s leading infectious diseases researchers, this group works together on important health hazards in new zealand.one health aotearoa









                        research centres
                    

                    our research centres seek innovative solutions to contemporary issues.
                





epicentre

epicentre is the largest veterinary epidemiology training and research centre in australasia, and a leading group in the world. our expertise includes the control of disease in animal populations, how diseases transmit from animals to humans, and hazards in food of animal origin.

epicentre







animal welfare science and bioethics centre

ngaio beausoleil and craig johnsonthe centre focuses on animal welfare in a range of human-animal interactions. this includes the use of animals in research, teaching, testing, on farms, in the home, for sport, recreation and entertainment, in service roles, zoos and the wild.animal welfare science and bioethics centre






wildbase research centre

research at wildbase promotes collaborative investigation of wildlife in support of the welfare and conservation of new zealand native fauna. our research expertise covers a wide range of wildlife issues.

wildbase research centre








partnershipsthe school of veterinary science works with government and research partners.agresearch's hopkirk research institutewildbase recovery with central energy trust and palmerston north city council





                        veterinary teaching hospital
                    

                    our expert staff diagnose and treat many animal species on our manawatū campus. we're open to the public and offer hands-on experience for veterinary students.
                





companion animal hospital

from cats and dogs to birds and reptiles, the hospital cares for sick and injured pets of all shapes and sizes. this includes:health checksspays and neuteringsvaccinations.

companion animal hospital







equine veterinary clinic

the clinic offers a broad range of medical and surgical expertise. it includes:patient boxes and paddockssurgeryseparate isolation unit.students can assist with or observe procedures.location: manawatū campus

equine veterinary clinic







farm services clinic

expert care for livestock and lifestyle animals such as alpacas, goats and poultry. our new hospital includes:patient boxes and yardssurgeryseparate farm animal isolation unit.students assist with or observe procedures.






wildbase hospital

a specialist hospital for wildlife, with equipment and facilities including:5 patient wards to separate prey from predatory speciesintensive care and isolation wardssurgery suiteendoscopesportable radiographic unit.students can assist with or observe procedures.location: manawatū campus

wildbase hospital















meet our graduates










                            
                            “the main thing i got out of the mvm was confidence! this has helped me realise how much i have to offer in relation to experience, knowledge and teaching our new graduates in practice.”
                        




nicky hooper

master of veterinary medicine













                            
                            “massey university was the obvious choice. my supervisory team is made up of top representatives in their field. we meet regularly and i feel like i can always approach them for a chat.”
                        




kat littlewood

phd (animal science)










accreditations and rankings








qs ranking - veterinary science

the veterinary school is ranked by qs (quacquarelli symonds) as 21st in the world for veterinary science, the highest ranked school in the southern hemisphere.
learn more








shanghairanking - veterinary science

massey ranks among the top 75 in the world for veterinary science — and in the top 5 in australasia — in shanghairanking's global ranking of academic subjects.
learn more








australasian veterinary board council (avbc)

accredited. last evaluation: 2021. next evaluation: 2028.
learn more








american veterinary medical association (avma)

massey’s bvsc is accredited by the american veterinary medical association council on education; graduates can work in north america. last evaluation: 2021. next evaluation: 2028.
learn more








royal college of veterinary surgeons (rcvs)

accredited. last evaluation: 2021. next evaluation: 2028.
learn more





work with usthe school of veterinary science is based in palmerston north, a compact and family-friendly city in the manawatū region of new zealand.we are always keen to hear from experienced applicants. roles can range from teaching and research positions to veterinary nurses for our state-of-the-art clinics and hospitals.join our veterinary teammassey careerslive and work in manawatūthe school partners with veterinary practices around new zealand to provide externship placements for bvsc students in their final year.




        
          become a contracted externship practice
        
      







preliminary design for the school's new complex, by ccm architects


rebuild of the school of veterinary sciencejan 2022despite covid-19 delays, work on the school's new complex is progressing with new facilities opening in 2022. the $160million upgrade will provide state-of-the-art teaching, research and clinical facilities that are environmentally sustainable and reflect new zealand’s unique culture and heritage. the 10-year building programme is due to be completed in 2025.as new zealand’s only veterinary school, the new facilities are also required to maintain accreditation status with the australasian veterinary boards council and the american veterinary medical association council on education.our new farm animal hospital and student learning complex are due to be in use in the first semester of 2022. this includes a dynamic learning space for students to practice and perfect clinical skills on specially designed mannequins and models before moving on to live animals.head of school professor jon huxley says the facilities will be cutting-edge. “although the covid-19 pandemic has highlighted the importance of flexible learning environments, hands-on learning experiences and interactions with the public through our teaching hospitals remain vital to developing our veterinary students' skills to work in new zealand and internationally.”research, teaching and student facilitiesground work for stage three begins april 2022. a new two-storey building will replace the 1960s veterinary tower, including:research laboratories and facilities for the infectious diseases, pathobiology, and animal welfare science and bioethics research groupsmultipurpose teaching laboratorystaff officesstudent hub.cultural design work with mana whenuamassey is working with rangitāne, as mana whenua, on cultural designs to be incorporated in the new facilities.rangitāne artist and tohunga whakairo warren warbrick, who has worked with massey on other projects, will provide guidance and expertise.





contact the school of veterinary science
the school is at the heart of massey’s campus in palmerston north, within easy walking distance of the veterinary teaching hospital and other facilities.



school of veterinary science – manawatū campus


location
use our manawatū campus maps or find us on google maps. 







looking for a staff member? visit our staff directory or use expertise search.



        staff directory
      

          expertise search
        



















                study
              , 

                ako
              





                student life
              , 

                te oranga tauira
              





                research
              , 

                rangahau
              





                about
              , 

                kaupapa matua
              






search, 
rapu










contact us, 
whakapā mai

monday – friday 8.30am to 4.30pmemail: contact@massey.ac.nzphone (nz): 0800 627739phone (international): +64 6 350 5701text: 5222web chatsocial mediamore ways to get in touchdownload the massey uni appdonate





study, 
ako




student life, 
te oranga tauria




research, 
rangahau




about, 
kaupapa matua






colleges, 
takiura




massey business school, 
te kura whai pakihi




college of creative arts, 
toi rauwhārangi




college of health, 
te kura hauora tangata




college of humanities and social sciences, 
te kura pūkenga tangata




college of sciences, 
te wāhanga pūtaiao






popular links, 
hononga rongonui




apply to study, 
tonoa mai kia ako




qualifications & courses search, 
ngā tohu me ngā akomanga




scholarships & awards, 
ngā karahipi me ngā tohu




key dates, 
ngā tino rā




massey university calendar, 
te wātaka o massey




student & staff portal, 
tāwaha mō ngā tauira me ngā kaimahi




staff intranet, 
ipurangiroto kaimahi




jobs at massey, 
ngā tūranga mahi i massey




news, 
ngā karere




events, 
ngā kaupapa










      copyright © 1998 – 2025 massey university. all rights reserved.
    


disclaimer


privacy













