










the boat drunks - tangy tropical rock & rollthe boat drunks | tangy tropical rock & roll	





the boat drunks - tangy tropical rock & roll





































 





the boat drunks
tangy tropical rock & roll






search





main menu
skip to primary content
skip to secondary content

homethe boat drunks music and merchandise store
upcoming gigs
booking
promo/tech info
contact us








mayday! our facebook page has been removed!

posted on august 11, 2023  by  wjake15 

reply 


 hello drunkateers!!
mike miller here with some unfortunate and incredibly frustrating news regarding the boat drunks fb page.  it’s gone!!    the geniuses at facebook depublished and then, when i appealed that decision, removed our page for “repeated violations of community standards.”  never mind that we have never been notified of a single violation.all i could find out was that someone had repeatedly reported us for these violations even though the actual violations were never identified.  i know it has to be completely made-up because the only things we ever posted about were upcoming shows and highlights of previous shows.  we don’t do politics, or controversial subjects of any kind.  i suspect it may be related to my repeatedly banning and reporting the scumbags who kept trying to sell counterfeit merchandise on our page but who knows?!?!  so, not only have we been denied the right to “face our accusers,” we have been denied the right to even know what we’re been accused of!!!!!in my opinion, the people who did this to us are the ones who should be removed from facebook but that’s just me.  i apologize to our nearly 10,000 followers and i wish i had a better explanation.in the mean time, you may continue to keep up with us by reading our personal pages or look on our website.   please share this with friends to get the word out and maybe someone at fb who knows what they’re doing (god knows who that would be) will pick up on this and look into the gross miscarriage of justice. 



posted in uncategorized 
 | 
leave a reply




welcome to the home of the boat drunks!

posted on may 8, 2013  by  wjake15 

2 


tidal tracks…available now in our music store!

from champaign, illinois and now celebrating their 22nd year as a touring band and still going strong, the boat drunks have performed from coast to coast with nearly every member of jimmy buffett’s coral reefer band and have opened shows for jimmy buffett, the beach boys and little feat among many others. other notable shows include playing outside of wrigley field in july 2011 prior to a cubs-white sox game, performing in 2015 at a stanley cup party for coach joel quenneville of the chicago blackhawks, playing “margaritaville” theme nights for the st. louis cardinals at busch stadium from 2016-22, for the cleveland indians at progressive field, at the united center for the chicago blackhawks and for many other margaritaville-sponsored events. their set includes many fan-favorite buffett hits, original music from their five studio albums and other covers ranging from little feat to johnny cash to the beatles and more. the boat drunks perform at many “parrothead” fundraising festivals across the country and their originals have been heard on buffett’s radio margaritaville, sirius/xm channel 24 as well as many other “trop-rock” radio stations and podcasts. the band has been voted the trop rock band of the year seven times (most recently in 2022) by the trop rock music association ‘s members. additionally, the members of trop rockin’ magazine voted the band as band of the year in 2019 for the second consecutive year. 
their music can be found on cd baby, itunes, at www.boatdrunks.com, youtube and on facebook.
 




posted in uncategorized 
 | 
2 replies





 upcoming gigs 
feb 28: 
				music on the bay - tampa, florida			

  recent posts 

mayday! our facebook page has been removed!


welcome to the home of the boat drunks!


archives 
august 2023
may 2013

categories 
uncategorized


meta 
log in
entries feed
comments feed
wordpress.org 
 




					proudly powered by wordpress				








