 

headautomatica – spreading positive music























































skip to content 










 











home
about
event
artists
blog
contact
 











home
about
event
artists
blog
contact
 













 

						tickets											






















 











home
about
event
artists
blog
contact
 











home
about
event
artists
blog
contact
 













 

						tickets											











 








help the world grow from the ground up




headautomatica is an exceptional celtic and world music duo








 

						buy ticket											





























our next
show starts in




nashville, tn – epicentre san diego, ca 











what we are knowen for




spreading positive music to help the world grow




we believe that spreading positive music is an excellent way to encourage otherwise passive individuals to take social action. musicians can influence the public through several means including via their lyrics, by “preaching” on stage, by wearing or using items with socially-positive messages, or by associating themselves with positive organizations offstage.while quality music stands on its own, responsible popular musicians should use some of their opportunity in the limelight to benefit others less fortunate. 







 

						more about us											












 






















 





play video








close your eyes and feel the positivity

















 








our famous nashville concerts




nashville  - talent & opportunities




nashville is a music city. every city, town or street has something unique that it has to offer; something that is so inherent to the nature of the place that it is what defines its essence. the essence of nashville is that both the place and the people are warm, friendly and welcoming and have something for each and everyone. correctly known as the music city and the athens of the south, nashville attracts thousands of people every year to taste its culture, music and some delightful sightseeing and live music concerts!if you are looking for a place where you want it all- music, museums, historical sites, sports, theme parks, entertainment, festivals, food then nashville, the capital of the tennessee state and county seat of davidson county, is the place to be. 







 

						book nashville concert ticket											



















2020








2019








2018








2017














 








tickets on sale till
20th june 2021.








 

						purches ticket now											




















 








our favorite - stonecross




close your eyes & feel like you’re in ireland!




stonecross is an exceptional celtic and world music duo. well founded on strong vocals and woven together with a broad mix of instrumentation, they have been bringing their music to fans of traditional and irish music at festivals, special performances and workshops throughout the midwest, east coast, and across the ocean. siusan o’rourke on guitar, is the lead vocalist of stonecross.she is a true alto and a second generation irish american from brooklyn, new york who was mentored by her family. siusan chooses songs in both english and gaelic, and is known for singing a tune that is 250 years old then following it with one that is contemporary but arranged in flavors of the past. o’rourke’s own original songs also echo the traditional music she has loved all her life.the instrumental landscape of stonecross is accomplished by the remarkably versatile musician and songwriter, ziggie zeitler. 















young stars




amazing 
line-up




are you ready for the most fun-filled nights of singing and entertainment? come see the stars well founded on strong vocals and woven together with a broad mix of instrumentation 







 

						view full line-up											











 








 




tyler ondricka 



fusion stage 







 








 




ricky luettgen 



vibra stage 







 











 








 




thurman mertz 



fusion stage 







 








 




hobart mayert 



edge stage 







 








 




gilbert wallace 



davonte renner 







 











concert schedule




upcoming events create
your memories




for a quick look at the schedule, just glance to the dates on the left! 







sat 26/06/2021 







relient k - mae and sherwood




the state theatre - detroit, mi








06:00 pm – 10:30 pm 











 

						find details											















sat 03/07/2021 







michael w. smith - olson




beaumont club - kansas city, mo








07:00 pm – 11:30 pm 











 

						find details											















sat 10/07/2021 







symphony: imagination power 




schermerhorn symphony center
nashville, tn








04:00 pm – 08:30 pm 











 

						find details											















sat 17/07/2021 







grand ole opry - vincent




ryman auditorium
nashville, tn








08:00 pm – 11:00 pm 











 

						find details											















 

						view all events											















private music concert ticket




we love music and musicians, and we work with artists from all genres. we have contacts in all aspects of the music industry, and we will show you how to take advantage of our excellent reputation.if you are music memorabilia fanatic, or looking for that extra special present, looking out for a private concert with no huge crowd, this is for you.  through private concert, we bring together live music fans to give them access to the most exclusive products from their favourite bands.  







 

						more options											



























private concert ticket - entry for one  $299.00 

full day event ticket

coffee-break, lunch & snacks on us

photo session with musician

one to one talk with crew
 
 
get tickets
 
 



















 











send us an email or 
visit us.







 



2755 pike street la jolla,

ca 92037 usa









 



858-456-0303

mon to sat 9am to 9 pm









 



info@headautomatica.com

send us your query anytime!














latest music updates












 
top 5 naughty ways to use your wand massager
july 23, 2022july 3, 2022
 

since their rise to popularity in the 1960s, wand massagers have been the popular choice for several reasons. if you ask me, i’d say the wand’s shape was the main reason behind its popularity in the 60s and 70s. it didn’t look like a sex toy with a long handle and a bulbous head, so people could buy it without hesitation. furthermore, those deep and rumbly vibrations gave them an edge over any other sex toys. they are great companions to use with different speeds if you want to start slow, build up your arousal as you tap into your sensuality, and then boost up the speed and power for a more intense orgasm.
 
the rounded head helps spread the vibrations from the clitoral gland throughout the labia and even over the pubic mound, creating an all-over type of pleasure rather than focusing on just one area. for people with a sensitive clitoris, this is the perfect vibrator as it doesn’t have to be used for direct pressure on the clit. you can just place it gently on your labia or mound and enjoy the same ecstasy!
 
here are some fantastic ways in which you can be naughty with your favorite wand massager:
 

in the tub
having a waterproof massager is a boon that only a few would understand.

water tends to give a whole new sensation regarding sexual touches. using a wand vibrator found here, you can not only massage yourself all over but also give yourself some “wet moments” in the tub. as a tip, try using the preset vibration patterns to move the water in front of your vulva without actually touching it. those subtle yet titillating vibrations will indeed act like a thrilling tease!

the pillow taco
because wand-style vibrators are much stronger than most other sex toys, many beginners use theirs through their underwear or multiple layers of clothing. this helps in diffusing the power of the vibrations to some extent.
on the other hand, pillow grinding is a very popular masturbation technique used by girls where they grind their p*ssy on the soft pillow to achieve orgasm.

 
now, all you have to do is combine these two. if you have a powerful wand vibrator like the hitachi magic wand at twice tonight, you must wrap a soft pillow around it like a taco and then grind on it or simply hold it tightly using your thighs. you will get earth-shattering orgasms in no time.

hit your g-spot and anal rim with the wand attachments 
there are various types of wands for various uses. for instance, the magic wand plus is an impressively sized massager with unparalleled power. in contrast, the satisfyer double wand-er packs a surprising amount of power and a few other functionalities that make it quite versatile.
you can prepare yourself for anal sex as this helps in loosening the muscles of the anus. if you’re someone who loves anal teases, you can put the wand to its lowest setting and gently place it on the anal rim. in no time, you will receive some boggling stimulations.
lastly, you can also use wands with detachable heads to target specific parts such as the g-spot.
couple games 
the rounded head of the wand vibrator sex toys such as the hitachi vibe makes it an ideal unisex toy for couple sessions. the length of the hitachi wand makes it great for use in the doggy-style position, and you may find that the shorter wands, such as the gia massage wand and lelo smart wand 2, are easier to place; between your bodies in missionary!
other positions that lend themselves well to using a wand vibrator of any size are the spooning position or any other naughty pose where you are sitting on or bent over furniture such as a couch or counter.
edge until orgasm
edging, or orgasm control, is the practice of bringing yourself (or your partner) to the brink of orgasm and then easing up on the ongoing stimulation to keep them aroused. it is said to make your final orgasm much more intense. treat this like a practice that helps you be much more in touch with your body’s response to pleasure and an activity that lets you extend your sessions and increase your stamina.
edging can also be used as a part of kinky play. here one partner physically restrains the submissive one using ties or cuffs and uses a powerful vibrator such as the magic wand vibrator to ‘torture’ them with pleasure by bringing them close to climax but not letting them orgasm. or, alternatively, ‘forcing’ them to orgasm.
remember, this is all consensual, so keep your safe words handy!

 
with these 5 naughty ways, you get a chance to re-explore your body with the wand sex toy in 5 new ways! so don’t feel shy and grab your vibe right now. trust me; you will thank me later.
 
 
 
 

 








headautomatica 







 










 






we believe that musicians can influence the public through several means including via their lyrics and spreading positive music is an excellent way to encourage otherwise passive individuals to take social action. 






facebook-f
 



twitter
 



dribbble
 



behance
 










site map






home


line up


event


about


tickets


contact










newsletter




stay tuned with our updates we will keep you posted! 











 subscribe















© 2021 headautomatica. all rights reserved. 









terms and conditions          


privacy & policy          


legal












 


 










 play video



 













































