beautigoddess studio | lash lifts, brow services & beauty treatments in kaimukibeautigoddess studionatural beauty in the blink of an eyecalendarbook onlinecart (alt)online shophomespecialsabout uscontactgetting herewelcomewelcome to beautigoddess studio! nestled in the heart of kaimuki, we offer a relaxed and welcoming space where beauty meets self-care. our talented independent professionals provide expert lash lifts, brow services, facial waxing, and rejuvenating facials—designed to help you look and feel your best. whether you’re treating yourself to a new lash look or refreshing your skincare routine, we’ve got you covered. book your appointment today!service menuour service menu boasts a variety of services to enhance your natural beauty and wellness. from premier lash lifting to restorative facials, you're sure to find exactly what you're looking for.view menuonline shopshop your favorite products from bg online shop! choose between studio pick-up or direct shipping! browse our curated selection of lash & brow care, skincare, makeup, and more!shop productsspecials & updatesstay updated with our latest specials, promos, and studio news! we regularly update this page with seasonal offers and exciting announcements, so be sure to check back often.discover morehow to find uslocationkaimuki shopping center (3rd floor) 3221 waialae avenue suite 378 honolulu, hawaii 96816you can access the 3rd floor via the front stairs, side stairs, or elevators located on both ends of the building.we recommend you park on the upper lot, near longs.the beautigoddess bulletinstay tuned for exclusive offersexciting things are always on the horizon, though we don’t have any specials or announcements at the moment. stay tuned as we update this page seasonally with exciting new offerings, exclusive deals, and important studio news. we truly appreciate all of our wonderful clients, and we can't wait to bring you more ways to treat yourself soon. be sure to check back regularly and follow us on social media for the latest updates!connect with uswe invite you to join our community to be the first to know about upcoming specials and events!find us on instagram for self-care content, behind-the-scenes looks, and immediate updates on new and upcoming specials.instagrambeautigoddessin the meantime, why not explore our wide range of services?service menubook onlineyour patience and excitement allow us to curate offerings that truly align with your beauty and wellness journey. thank you for your patience and we're looking forward to sharing more amazing specials and exclusive offers with you soon!about uslocated in kaimuki, beautigoddess studio is a welcoming collective of independent beauty professionals offering a range of services, including lash lifts, brow treatments, facial waxing, and facials. our upbeat and laid-back environment provides the perfect space for clients to feel comfortable and confident while receiving top-notch care. whether you're here for a quick refresh or a full self-care session, we’re all about enhancing your natural beauty!meet our teamliz ueharaowner, cosmetologist, master lash artist & trainerliz has worked in the beauty industry for over 20 years and has over 17 years of experience crafting a premier lash lift experience. liz is trained and certified in several industry-leading lash lifting techniques and has innovated her own technique over many years of practice.liz offers lash and brow services.calendarbook lizinstagrambeautigoddessmichael johnsonesthetician, senior lash artistmike has been a service provider at beautigoddess studio for over five years. known for his quiet and personable nature, mike offers calming facials, lash lifting, and related services.calendarbook mikeesther chavezesthetician, senior lash artistesther has been with the beautigoddess team for many years. her fun and spunky personality makes her a great conversationalist to chat with during your service! esther offers facials, lash lifting, and brow services.calendarbook estherari chungesthetician, senior lash artistari has been with beautigoddess studio since 2021, she is a licensed esthetician specializing primarily in korean lash lifting techniques. she also offers brow enhancement and facial waxing services.calendarbook ariinstagramlashtech.aristacy cheng suzukilash artist & holistic wellness practitioner (lmt)stacy has been with beautigoddess studios for years and has various certifications in many facets of the beauty and wellness industries including reiki, craniosacral therapy, holistic life coaching, lash lifting & tinting, facials and brow services!calendarbook stacyinstagramstacychengsuzukiakiko millermaster nail artistakiko is from osaka, japan. she has been a manicurist for over 26 years and went to nail school in japan. she has lived in hawaii for 23 years. akiko offers both manicure and pedicure services at beautigoddess but books independently — message her on instagram to book!instagramakkonailshoursmonday9 am - 5 pmtuesday10 am - 5 pmwednesday10 am - 5 pmthursday10 am - 5 pmfriday10 am - 5 pmsaturday9 am - 5 pmsunday9 am - 5 pm*hours vary between service providerscontactcalendarbook onlinephone(808) 469 - 8066instagram@beautigoddess_lashesemailbeautigoddess@gmail.commenucart (alt)online shophomespecialsabout usgetting here