    home - english - airborne museum hartenstein     airborne museum hartenstein menu  book your tickets  sluitenvisitvisit the museumtouroperatorseducationaldiscoveractivitiesexhibitionsaboutcontact & supportorganisationbook your tickets now book your tickets search the website   airborne museum on social media   select language english nederlands english deutsch airborne at the bridgeairborne museum at the bridgevisitdiscoverairborne experiencediscover the famousbattle of arnhemvisitscrollexhibitions discoverthe permanentexhibitionthe permanent exhibition of airborne museum hartenstein gives a day-by-day account of what happened during the battle of arnhem, from the parachute droppings on the heath to the evacuation across the rhine.read more discoverairborne experiencethe underground airborne experience showcases the war in all its intensity. here you will feel the impact of the violence on the young boys who were desperately fighting for their lives.read more discoverremembrance roomthere were many victims of the battle of arnhem. some died, others lived on. all were marked by their experiences during the battle of arnhem.read more discoverairborne at the bridgeairborne at the bridge tells the personal stories of a british lieutenant, a german hauptsturmführer and a dutch captain who fought and died here during the battle of arnhem in september 1944.read morehistory comes to lifediscover theairborne museumsee activitiesscrollgroup visitvisit the airborne museum with your class, colleagues, associates or tour group. discover the possibilities!all information can be found below. we are happy to think along and draw up a suitable program together. in the airborne museum you will experience a special day you and your company will never forget.or get in touch directly:boekingen@airbornemuseum.nl visittour operatorsdiscover the possibilities for organized trips and international groups.read more visiteducationalintroduce students to the famous battle of arnhem through our educational programs.read more visitactivitiescomplement a museum visit with an immersive activity led by a guide.read more visitfamilyexplore with the whole family. history comes alive!read moretickets book ticketsopening hoursopen daily from 10:00 to 17:00. tickets & pricesup to 20 peopleadults                                        € 16children aged 8 – 17            € 11children aged 4 – 7              € 8museum card                          freemilitairy id & veteran card  € 8,00please note: the airborne museum hartenstein in oosterbeek is closed on monday january 27 and tuesday january 28. book your ticketsbook your tickets it is only possible to the website to book tickets. this is not possible by telephone.book heregroup visitare you coming with a group? everything is possible. we are happy to think along with you to realize an unforgettable visit. read more utrechtseweg 2326862 az oosterbeekt: +31(0)26 333 77 10e: info@airbornemuseum.nlroute  group visitt: +31(0) 85 485 78 16e: boekingen@airbornemuseum.nl  back to top visitbook your tickets now book your tickets search the website   follow and sharepass the story on become a donator sign up for the newsletter newsletter airborne museum on social media   location  utrechtseweg 232 6862 az oosterbeek +31(0)26 333 77 10 bekijk route    rijnkade 150 6811 hd arnhem +31(0)26 333 77 10 bekijk route      terms and conditionsbooking conditions schoolsbooking conditions groups           