

ums used lcd monitors





ums -- lcd monitors for liquidation
wholesale and off-lease for bulk export
 please call 1-514-999-0712 for further information 

or if you have monitors 
for recycling


 



 
 








pc 
used crt monitors 
 
used lcd monitors 
		
 
desktops
 
notebooks
 
printers
 
accessories
 
      

mac
used crt monitors
 
used lcd monitors  
 
desktops
 
powerbooks
 
printers
 
accessories
 
 


       


discount second hand monitors for container export
used monitors    • 
      about us    •  
      policies    • 
      order     •   

      email us





we stock a wide 
            variety of wholesale off-lease monitors. all are sold 
            in bulk quantities for export. we specialize in the exporting of bulk 
            computer equipment overseas, and many of our customers are located in 
            south america, pakistan, india, africa, and eastern europe. we sell 
            a variety of different types of  monitors ranging from 
            tested/working wholesale to nonworking/ defective stocks. computer obsolescence 
            is a problem that faces the industry. we recycle and refurbish 
            outdated computer monitors at affordable costs and export to 
            countries that are searching for older generation technology. 

 • wholesale / surplus / off-lease / as-is / tested-working
            and non-working monitors

            we receive thousands of used monitors each month from fortune 500 
            companies. we also acquire monitors from government organizations 
            and schools across the us and canada. 

 • wholesale pricing for  monitors

 we normally sell our used monitors by the
container load. to receive the pricing advertised it is necessary to
purchase by the container. we welcome potential customers to visit one
of our warehouses in the us and canada to inspect our facilities and
our monitors. our commitment to excellence guarantees that our
customers will receive tested/working monitors at highly competitive
pricing. we also can provide customers with nonworking monitors or
as-is monitors which are stripped for their lcds, capacitors,
transistors, and other parts.
 fewer used monitors are being sent to landfills 
            these days,  many more are being recycled as global markets for 
            used technologies develop. the computers and monitors sentenced to 
            death in landfills have been given a second life in newly 
            established recycled electronic goods markets. we provide our 
            customers with second generation technology at competitive pricing. 
            the fast pace of technological development has rendered many 
            computers "obsolete," but these older systems are still capable of 
            providing sufficient capabilities for everyday use. our mission is 
            to facilitate the transfer and the recycle of technology to places 
            around the world that are in the process of acquiring computer 
            technology.
 we export to major countries in 
            the world. we regularly ship to pakistan, india, sri lanka, egypt, 
            azerbaijan, vietnam,  jordan, iraq, hong kong, bolivia, venezuela, 
            colombia, peru, chile, armenia, and ghana. we currently export 
            thousands of computers and monitors each month. please check with 
            your local customs office to check for any  fees that are 
            charged for importing used computer technology.
  
 
             
 

             partners:junk removal  - removal of ewastefloor sanding - renovating business environments





