








sandström ontv-online store for home & kitchen products and much more

































orders may take slightly longer to ship during this time. learn how sandstrom is responding to the coronavirus (covid-19) pandemic. click here
















 my account 





0














shop


join


about






























































































thoughtfully designed
innovative material and technology combined 
to present the solution to problems we encounter 
shop now









thoughtfully designed
innovative material and technology combined 
to present the solution to problems we encounter 
shop now











put together just right
manufacturing that is sustainable,
								environmentally sound and
								supportive of livelihoods and
								cultures of the local communities
								that bring them to us.
							
shop now


































naturally safe, non-toxic and recyclable


harsh chemicals and toxic materials are soo done with, the future
is fresh, clean and environmentally sound - naturally.
we are making the push, you'll see.


shop now















healthy homes, healthy lifestyle


healthy starts at home and we design with this in mind.
the right tool for the right job = quicker better proper
and gives us peace of mind and time to
enjoy the important things in life.


shop now















healthy homes, healthy lifestyle


healthy starts at home and we design with this in mind.
the right tool for the right job = quicker better proper
and gives us peace of mind and time to
enjoy the important things in life.


shop now











a mission to live better
making life a little bit easier with our problem
								solving products. naturally, happy,
								healthy homes.
							
shop now



















sandström an ontv company

							sandström ontv is direct selling, affiliate distribution company and international leader in quality products that people use most every day and making them a little bit better, so life is a little bit easier. sandström ontv products are sold by a network of sandström ontv around the globe. products for the home, personal fitness, beauty, kitchen, garden, pets, kids, rest, and much more. the sandström ontv products have been sold for years at the country fairs, at local consumer shows and on tv, you have seen the slicer dicer, the wonder broom, magic pens - products that provide the magic solution to problems people fest most every day.
						
our brands:

magic pens
magic mat
miracle whisk
miracle slicer
wonder broom
miracle mat
miracle shammy
miracle clean
miracle chefs
miracle fit
miracle clean mop
miracle beauty
miracle garden
miracle pets
miracle toys
miracle rest

how to buy sandström ontv products?

							to make an order or to become an agent, contact your sandström ontv distributor. if you don’t have a distributor, click the “get a distributor” button at the top of the page to find someone near to you! see all the products online or see them in front of you but meeting with a local distributor, you can buy, get a discount by becoming an agent or even make money as an agent. either way, our products, and opportunity are fun and designed to make life easier, so enjoy!
						
how are our products beneficial to society?

							sandström ontv products demonstrate the quality of life with the best materials and functionality and offer solutions to problems with traditional products people face almost daily. we offer a wide variety of products including kitchen appliances, household items, beauty products, toys, pet supplies, garden tools, children’s products, and so much more. our goal is to provide our customers with high-quality products at affordable prices and make their life easier.
						
















save on all purchases
						buy signing up for our 
						preferred customer
						program!
purchase gift card 















life is tough enough, treat yourself to the better things in life









my accounts

my account
register
log in
my order





information

about us
contact us
privacy policy
term & conditions





quick link

catalog
help center
faq's





have a questions?


11391 161 street surrey, bc v4n4p5 canada
+1 778 318 6683
info@ontvco.com











						copyright © sandström ontv company | all rights reserved
					









×




unlock 10% off your first order!
receive exclusive insider offers and expert instructions, tips, and tricks.

claim offer

        by signing up, you agree to receive email marketing.
      



































