


ron perry, happy days productions, christian parodies of popular rock oldies music



























































 




















ron perry, founder of happy days ministries, is a singer, songwriter, recording artist and man of god who is saturated with joy. in ron's live performances and in his recordings you will hear, feel and experience the joy of the lord.





welcome! 
happy days are here again! we're glad you stopped by to see us. get your dancin' shoes on and let's stroll down through town. dancin' in the street is not only permitted, but strongly encouraged. we were once sad and lonely, but not anymore. we are family now and we have a new home. best of all, we have the king of hearts and he will stay with us always. he fills that place deep down inside of us that no one else can even touch. that's why we are so happy. come on. we want to introduce you to everyone. first of all, let us introduce you to the king of hearts. he is jesus christ and he takes good care of our hearts. he handles them with tender, loving care. open up your heart to him now and let him walk you down the road to real happiness. i hear the band starting to play "shout". i'm glad you came by to hang out with us.


"breathed out"
"breathed out" is available for downloading.
this music was born out of my involvement in another world. it has the capacity to bring this other world into this world and right into the listener. best if listened to with faith and with an open mind and heart.






happy days productions partners!

we would like to thank all of you who have partnered with us by contributing to happy days productions.
							 we are working on new music continuously and would like to offer you the opportunity to help cover production costs for upcoming releases by sowing a seed into this music ministry. 
click the 'donate' button to sow your seed now.
thank you!
as you give to others it will be given to you - good measure, pressed down, shaken together and running over (luke 6:38). your gift makes a difference! 










"santified oldies vol. 5"
let these songs take you to a place where you can experience real love and joy. let this be a place where you go when you need to find a true friend that will cheer you up.









book ron perry now!
if you are in need of anointed music to lead the people into worship and the joy of the lord for your service or event, or for a concert, look no further. from sanctified oldies, to original songs of joy, to praise and worship music, to christmas music, we are overflowing. the presence of the lord and the joy of the lord inhabit this heavenly music.  today! 

ron perry videos 













 home | music | events | news | about | flyer | order | 
					

sanctifed oldies: vol.1 • vol.2 • vol.3 • vol.4 | saturated | i will not compromise | heavenly christmas | video | lyrics


© 2001-2017 ron perry, happy days productions










