



















aclu of montana























skip to main content










    join the aclu-mt  

    support civil rights and civil liberties in montana!  

join the aclu of montana! 










 
aclu of montana 







about

about us

mission & vision

staff

board of directors

contact us

newsletters

volunteer

careers



issues

all issues2s-lgbtqia+ rightscriminal legal reformfree speechimmigrants’ rightsindigenous justiceracial justice



our work

cases

elections

legislative advocacy

know your rights



news

all news updates and blogsrise in support of civil libertiesstaying focused on civil rights for allthe 2025 montana legislative session has begun - let's go!

press releases

publications



events

events

rankin awards



take action

donate

donate

join







donate

donate

join


































stay informed!

get our updates
email address *



zip code *






leave this field blank 


 







legislators need to hear from you



learn about the 2025 montana legislative session



tell montana officials to vote no on hb 121, an anti-trans bathroom ban



victory! the montana supreme court overturns anti-trans healthcare ban



tell congress: no mass deportations



know your rights: what to do if you're stopped by police, immigration, or the fbi



 in montana, you have the right to an abortion



know your rights: the trans legal survival guide



know your rights: immigrants' rights









news updates 





 

rise in support of civil liberties 

it is all-hands-on-deck in opposition to senate bill 114, a proposal that would require the display of the ten commandments in every public school classroom across montana.






 

staying focused on civil rights for all 

there is a lot going on in this moment in time – with breaking news about harmful bills and bad policies coming at us daily. but one thing remains, the aclu of montana's focus on preserving civil rights for... 





 

the 2025 montana legislative session has begun - let's go! 

the 2025 montana legislative session has begun! here at the aclu of montana, we are firing on all cylinders this session, with leadership from our amazing advocacy, policy and organizing department (apod)... 







press releases 





january 21, 2025 

yes, montana, disenfranchising native voters violates the law 

native voters in montana again successfully defend their rights as u.s. supreme court declines to review montana supreme court decision






december 16, 2024 

montana court blocks state from refusing to correct sex markers on transgender people's birth certificates and driver's licenses 

a montana court granted a preliminary injunction preventing the state of montana from enforcing policies that bar transgender people from obtaining accurate sex designations on their birth certificates and... 





december 11, 2024 

montana supreme court rules in favor of families & doctors, blocks ban on healthcare for transgender youth 

the montana supreme court ruled that sb 99, a 2023 montana law that categorically bans life-saving gender-affirming care for transgender youth, is unconstitutional under the montana state constitution’s... 










 


true montana values run deep 

we envision a montana where everybody is treated with dignity and respect and has equal access to democracy, justice, equality, and liberty - no matter the political, social, or economic landscape.

view campaign












act






be a defender of abortion rights


 

join the movement 

 




join the aclu


join the aclu 


 




shop aclu


 

shop aclu 

 





 








search aclumontana.org 








press
donate







aclu on facebook
aclu on x
aclu on youtube






© 2025 aclu of montana





user agreement
privacy statement
website accessibility




















