










home


























































 







menu



homestart here 


		about cbtr	


		about cbtr	


		cbtr process	

		class locations	

		cost policy	


		intro to cbtr	


		pricing information	


		privacy policy	


		references	

		testimonials	

		2023-2034	


		kristen s	
		brianna b	
		joseph p	
		stephanie g	
		anantha t	
		rebeca s	
		lauren l	
		etan	
		eddie m	
		lauren b	
		ali	
		vanessa	
		viri	
		matthew 	
		rinat	
		clifford baker	
		laura bean 	
		judy schwartz behar	
		joy bertrand	
		ori blumenfeld	
		ray j. bulaon	
		robert byrne  	
		zachary cantor	
		stuart c	
		marc caress 	
		lisa chan	
		vanessa christopher 	
		caren curtiss	
		joe delorenzo	
		karen drake	
		marlene duchesne	
		carmen eccles	
		tanya ellis	
		edward ericson	
		sanaz farkhad	
		greg gallo	
		michael ghaemi	
		andre gharibian	
		daniel grupenhagen  	
		matt gutierrez	
		jason hannan	
		piper hanson	
		m. harris 	
		kate hertel	
		anita icenogle 	
		sonya jifkins	
		nancy jacobs 	
		rachel joy	
		janet kelleran	
		ronda kennedy	
		tom kurtz	
		patty kwee 	
		marvin lacorte 	
		alexis langer	
		laurence m. leisten	
		kelly matney	
		thomas r. mitchell	
		angel muhammad	
		micki nute	
		barry phillips	

		california bar updates	



		covid-19 - feb 2020 bar results	


		state bar testing update	


		time management issues and the covid-19 pandemic	



		in response to the covid 19 pandemic	


		date of the next california bar exam	


		 february 2020 bar results	

		more testimonials	
		annabelle robertson	
		ray robinson	
		norman santoso 	
		paul seibert 	
		dena gilbert sheldon 	
		tracy k. smith	
		julie socash	
		fred soeprono	
		tina starr 	
		c. bart sullivan  	
		ed surogosyan	
		gina tennen 	
		pauline tokunaga	
		tony j. tyree	
		steve unger	
		vanessa valdez	
		marty wade	
		julie wahlstedt	
		chaune' williams 	
		nathaniel wilson	
		david m. wollenzeehn	
		carol wong 	
		christian lloyd woods	
		helen	
		erin	
		marietta 	
		michael	
		mike c	
		shana	

		law student reps wanted	


		featured alumni	




















joomla gallery extension by joomlashine.com
home page slideshowhttp://www.cbtronline.com/index.php/about-cbtr/bar-review-cost-policyhttp://cbtronline.com/index.php/about-cbtr/into-to-cbtrhttp://cbtronline.com/index.php/law-student-reps-wantedhttp://www.cbtronline.com/index.php/about-cbtr/bar-review-cost-policy





when you commit to the cbtr process you help ensure that your test taking skills - including a confident, positive attitude - meet the bar preparation and performance standards necessary to pass the bar on your next attempt. we will work together to meet that challenge. 
learn more














download video: mp4, webm, ogghtml5 video player by videojs
			










 
just added




state bar testing update
covid-19 - feb 2020 bar results
in response to the covid 19 pandemic
date of the next california bar exam
february 2020 bar results
essay questions from the july 2017 california bar exam*
first year law students exam essay questions from october 2017*
more information ontaking the july 2017 bar with its new changes
upcoming changes to california bar will not make it easier to pass
prepare for 2017 changes to california bar exam
hunting for ruby's woodpecker

*essay questions from the july 2017 california bar exam and first year law students exam from october 2017 are reprinted from the state bar of california website.













climbing mt. everest


paul pfau, having tutored both repeat and first-time bar examines over the past 40 years, knows that passing the california bar exam is a herculean task. in fact, pfau likens the pursuit of passing the exam to climbing mt. everest.
who better to make that analogy than a man who has led numerous mountain-climbing expeditions all over the world, including the famous mt. everest?
"it's all in the planning," says pfau. "it takes several months of planning before you even hike your first step. it's normally a two-year process. long-range planning is the key."
read more


meet michael ehline


michael ehline joined the u.s. marine cops out of high school and has no college degree.
after his military service, he started a construction business and ran a health club until he heard of the law office study program.
los angeles personal injury attorney, michael p. ehline, was able to become a lawyer without college, or a law school degree.
he passed the california baby bar exam with no college and passed the california general bar exam with no j.d.
read more







law student reps wanted
 california bar tutorial & review  
earn a free course
earn credit towards a free course when you refer qualified candidates that enroll in the california bar tutorial & review program - a common sense approach for raising your law school grades & passing the bar exam with an all-in-one-common-sense-cost. additional discounts may also be available for small groups or any charitable experience you may have contributed to others. as always, cal bar's policy is to pay it forward".
read more




remote or distance learning is available with cal bar 
remote or distance learning is available for those students requesting it. this includes all materials, unlimited one-to-one, and even scheduled meetings.
whether attending the live lecture or not, each student’s individual study schedule may be designed to fit the circumstances of the candidate. this is all-important in assuring the day-to-day structure necessary to succeed.
and, as a function of remote or distance learning, students may choose a comprehensive strategy that exclusively covers all three sections of the bar – or – one that is supplemental if the candidate is also working with other resources or programs.

 
 



translatejavascript is required to use gtranslate multilingual website and translation delivery network

          model bar answersmenu



		ethical violations (abel)	


		ethical violations (alex)	


		ethical violations (anne)	


		ethical violations (patty)	


		first degree murder	


		june's ethical violations	


		manufacturers motion	


		paul v clark	


		pat v danco	


		performance test a	


		admissibility of wayne’s testimony (new)	
articlesmenu



		most recent state bar update	


		2024 fylsx/gbx updates	


		probable changes coming to 2025 gbx	


		changes to the ca fylsx/baby bar	


		the writing methods for the essay & pt are time-proven	


		who needs college to pass bar	


		insurance for passing the bar exam	


		prepare for 2017 changes to california bar exam	


		upcoming changes to california bar will not make it easier to pass	


		have a sense of urgency to pass your bar exam	


		bar exam changes	


		success on the bar	


		california's law office study program	


		ghosts of everest past	


		your goal:  pass the bar	


		commitment to the "cbtr process"	


		statement of commitment	


		improving your odds 	


		low passing rate	


		meet michael ehline	


		passing essay exam	


		passing performance test	


		passing the bar	


		take the right approach	

		practice tips - first time	
		practice tips - repeaters	

		ten core factors for passing the bar	


		top ten movies	


		hunting for ruby's woodpecker	
article archivemenu



		the july 2017 california bar exam	


		information on taking the july 2017 cal bar exam with its new changes	







share us please

share on linkedin
share on facebook
share on twitter

ca bar exam facts

statewide test results

feb 2018 cal bar exam

first time takersabout 57.2% fail 
repeat takersabout 77.1% fail
all takersabout 70.9% fail

june 2018 fyls exam

about 80.7% fail
still not sure you need help? view the full report.
avoid a nightmare of bar exam failures. call 1-800-783-6168 today!ca bar exam schedule

first year law students

june 25, 2019register by 5/15/2019

california bar exam

feb 26, 27, 2019register by 1/15/2019
course discounts

note : this is our 40th anniversary year also, there are accompanying discount opportunities because of this.
 cal bar’s “pay it forward” discount policy enables you to discount the cost of your individualized program if you have charitable experience in your background.
if you have no charitable experience, you may still qualify for a $1,000 discount from your totally personalized program – which includes old-fashioned one-on-one, materials, classes. just ask.printable flyers 

earn credit towards a free course when you refer qualified candidates that enroll in the california bar tutorial & review program - a common sense approach for raising your law school grades & passing the bar exam with an all-in-one-common-sense-cost.
as always, cal bar's policy is to "pay it forward". learn how

law student reps wanted
law school strategy
cbtr process


more success for ali
cal bar is pleased to announce that ali hinsche continued her remarkable run of success in having just passed the florida bar exam.
this was her 4th (count 'em: 1, 2, 3, 4) successful bar - on her 1st attempt-following california, new york and illinois.
while ali worked with cal bar for each state, she also owes her success to persistence, hard work, and in learning how to adapt and apply the cal bar test-taking systems to the requirements of each bar exam.









having trouble locating something on our website? take a look at our site map or use the link at the top of every page to contact us. we would be glad to assist you.

i am writing to thank you for all the help you gave me while i was preparing for this past february's bar examination. i know i couldn't have done it without you.  e. ericson

specializing in english as a second language (esl) and applicants with learning needs requiring special bar exam accommodations.








copyright © 2018 cbtronline.com | all rights reserved | privacy policy | website design & management by highspeedhostingsolutions.com
 








