
















talk on talk








































































talk on talk



consumer tips, news and musings on residential and soho telecom services.

























































































monday, february 22, 2016








your old iphone is worth money





do you have an old iphone that you'd really like to upgrade or one that has already been replaced? don't toss it in the trash or throw it on a drawer. see how much you can get paid for that old ipone before you do anything else. check it out here...









posted by



t1 rex




at

11:18 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
cash,
cellphone,
iphone,
recycle,
sell your phone,
smartphone,
trade-in












sunday, november 20, 2011







black friday cell phone specials now





with new hot smartphones available and many cell phone plans to choose from, you can hardly wait for this year’s black friday sales events. here’s some good news: you don’t have to wait. it’s black friday right now! check out these cell phone deals...

what does it mean that black friday is happening now? just like most buyers are anxious to get the black friday deals, some savvy retailers also want to jump the gun and get the great deals started. wirefly powered by simplexity is one of the most aggressive when it comes to offering low prices, free shipping and an enormous selection of the newest cell phone models.

here are some samples of what you’ll find when you shop cell phones online. the motorola droid x2 is available for free. don’t pay $100 just to join in the pushing and shoving at a big box store when you can order from the convenience of your home pc, day or night, and get a better deal. 

how about that droid razr by motorola? is this the hottest new smartphone ever? it’s 4g lte and available with a special early holiday price. how low? we’re not allowed to say, but if you buy one of these retail and then see the special online droid razr price, it’s going to ruin your holiday. get yours on order now and relax with the family while others are running around completely frantic. 

here’s another taste of what you’ll find in the way of featured phones with special black friday now pricing. the samsung stratosphere 4g lte for verizon wireless is free. the samsung transform for sprint is free. the htc wildfire s white for t-mobile is free. just taking a quick look at the online cell phone store, i count over 60 free smartphones that you would expect to pay for in stores. outrageous! but these deals won’t last. if you want a new smartphone for yourself or someone you really, really care about this holiday season, you need to act now while there are still some left.

enough said? it’s time to get shopping. get your black friday cell phone special deals now and avoid the real black friday rush.






posted by



t1 rex




at

3:15 pm



3 comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
4g lte,
black friday,
cell phone plans,
discount shopping,
htc wildfire s white,
motorola droid razr,
online deals,
sales event,
samsung stratosphere,
smartphones,
special offers,
transform












tuesday, july 19, 2011







cheap long distance phone service - voip





are you looking for lower cost home and small office phone service with cheap long distance rates? how does $8.33 a month sound for unlimited calling to the us and canada?

yes, phone power is offering a limited time special offer that truly can’t be beat. this is residential voip internet phone service that shares the broadband connection you use with your computers. it also works for small businesses that only need one or two lines. 

note that only the cable, dsl, t1 or other broadband internet connection is shared. this service doesn’t rely on your computer to make telephone calls. in fact, you can turn off all your computers and use the phone like you would any time. while you computers are on, you can talk and surf the web at the same time.

what exactly do you get for your $8.33 per month? you can make or receive unlimited local and long distance calls for the us and canada. very few telephone services include all 50 states plus all canadian provinces in their unlimited calling plans. you also get an hour’s worth of international calling included each month. this is perfect for anyone who needs to make occasional overseas calls and cringes at the thought of what will show up on the phone bill. if you want to talk longer or call countries that aren’t included in the free monthly calling time, rates are very attractive. 

now let’s talk about the free second line. second line? yes, a unique feature of phone power voip service is that they include a second “cloned” line with your service. you can plug two separate phones into the back of the adaptor box they send you to connect to your broadband modem. when a phone call comes in, both phones will ring. that’s because cloned lines share the same phone number. but, if one phone is in use, the other can receive new incoming calls or make calls without interfering with the conversation on the first line. 

imagine how handy the free second line will be if you have a big talker in your family. teenagers, especially, are prone to long conversations and can make good use of the second voip line instead of burning their cellular minutes. 

to get this incredibly low price, you need to choose the phone power special offer now available (as of this writing) for $199.95 per year. a second year is included free. do the math and you’ll see this comes out to $8.33/mo for your unlimited phone service. if you don’t want the two year commitment, there are other plans that let you pay month to month if you wish. all of them come with a 30 day satisfaction guarantee so you can make sure that this service mets your needs and works well with your current broadband service.

does this sound like the best deal you’ve ever hear of for home and small business phone service? it likely is, so don’t let it slip away if you are interested. learn more and order phone power voip phone service now, while the $8.33/mo deal is still available.






posted by



t1 rex




at

10:02 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
broadband voice,
cheap long distance,
cloned second line,
international calls,
internet telephone,
special offers,
unlimited calling,
voip phone service












saturday, july 16, 2011








take your broadband on vacation





broadband at work or at home makes using the internet such a pleasure. most everyone now has a wireless router to distribute their broadband connection to desktop, laptop and notebook computers, plus tablets, e-readers and games. but what happens when you leave the building? oh, oh. nothing connects anymore.

what you’d really like to have is a giant hotspot that goes where you go. you may be getting by in town and on the road by finding motels and restaurants that offer free wifi. but it sure is frustrating when you can’t. what about at your relatives’ house or up at the lake? internet? no internet there.

here’s a new way you can get that traveling wifi hotspot and not worry about where you are going to find a connection. it’s called the datajack mifi. the mifi is a slick little device about the size of a smartphone or deck of cards. there one button on the top to turn it on and off. turn it on and you almost instantly have a wifi signal that can be used by up to 5 devices. it’s called a personal hotspot because it goes with you. 

how does the mifi work? inside is a rechargeable battery, a wifi hotspot chip & antenna and a 3g wireless radio. what’s happening is that the mifi is picking up the internet wirelessly through cellular radio towers and then re-transmitting it on the wifi band. this way any device that can connect to wifi can have cellular wireless internet.

oh, but wait. if this is cellular broadband, then don’t you have to sign up for a two-year contract? no, not with this service. it’s pay as you go. there is no contract and no credit check to get turned down. if you decide you don’t want the service anymore, you can quit without having to pay any termination fees. 

think of the possibilities. you are stopped in your car because it is pouring rain. wouldn’t it be great to see where the storm is headed so you can avoid the worst of it? no problem. turn on your datajack mifi and your notebook computer or tablet and pull up the weather radar for that location. you’ll instantly have much more information that you’d get waiting for a forecast on the radio. 

while you’re at it, why not see what restaurants and hotels are available in the area. a quick search by location will give you that and you’ll have their websites to peruse and phone numbers to call if you want to make reservations. all this while sitting in a parking lot in the rain somewhere out there.

another good use for the same datajack mifi is backup broadband service for your home or office computer. cable and dsl give you excellent connectivity until they don’t. every broadband service has outages from time to time and it always seems like they go out at the worst possible time. if you have a datajack mifi, you can simply turn it on, connect any or all of your computers by wifi and keep going. when landline service is restored, you can go back to it. 

some people may simply use the mifi and forget about dsl or cable broadband. why? because they don’t use a desktop computer that much to justify paying for dedicated broadband every month. what they really want is a service they can use anywhere, including at home, and only pay for one internet connection. this will work well as long as you are not one of those heavy users that is on all the time downloading hd videos and big software packages. there’s a limit of 5 gb per month, enough for nearly all casual internet users, with overage charges beyond that.

does the datajack mifi sound like a broadband service that will work for you? instead of the mifi, you can also choose a usb datajack if that’s what your computer needs to connect. learn more, check for coverage where you want to use it, and order datajack 3g nationwide wireless broadband service now, so you’ll have it for your next trip.






posted by



t1 rex




at

9:49 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
3g wireless,
cable,
dsl,
internet access,
isp backup,
mifi,
mobile access,
usb aircard,
vacation broadband,
wifi hotspot








friday, april 22, 2011








buy refurbished cell phones online





walk into any cellular phone store or big box electronics retailer and you can get a brand new cell phone in pristine condition, ready to go, from one of the major carriers. just try and walk out with that phone before signing your life away for two years and listen to the security alarms go off. aside from pay as you go cell phone plans, you need to make a major commitment to get a cell phone that will work on one of the big wireless networks. is there any way to make a better deal?

you bet there is. what you may be looking for is a refurbished cell phone. you can now get refurbished cell phones online to work with the carrier of your choice. you can even get unlocked gsm phones that aren’t tied to a particular carrier. 

where can you find these used, refurbished and unlocked phones? they’re at cellularcountry online. all of their phones are 100% functional and are in stock for immediate delivery. you’ll get a free home charger and battery, a guarantee that the phone will function properly, and same-day shipping. that shipping is free on orders over $150.

what kind of phones can you find at cellular country? just taking a quick look at the best deals for today, there’s a slew of blackberry phones, including the storm 9530, pearl 8130, 8830 and 8330. apple iphone? yes, there’s a 3gs 16 gb bluetooth wifi 3g white that works with at&t wireless that’s in excellent condition. you’ll also find phones by audiovox, htc, kyocera, lg, motorola, nokia, palm, pantech, samsung, sanyo, siemens and sony.

these phones are offered in four different conditions. refurbished means pristine condition with manual and box. excellent shows very little sign of use. good has normal wear and tear. fair shows a lot of wear. what you choose depends on whether this phone is a replacement or second phone for your existing plan, a phone to take overseas on travel, or perhaps just something you want to give the kids without having to pay a lot and without worrying too much if it gets broken.

just a word about locked and unlocked phones. those deeply discounted phone that the carrier sells you new come locked up tighter than a drum. they are subsidizing the cost of the phone to make the price more attractive to you. the last thing in the world a carrier wants is for you to take their cheap phone and put it on another carrier’s network. that gets them nuts because the real money they make is in the monthly fees they know they can collect for at least 2 years. i say at least, because inertia keeps a lot of people using their same phone on the same network for the same monthly charge even after the contract expires, that’s just gravy for the cellular carriers.

there are two major types of carrier technology. they are cdma and gsm. cdma is used by verizon, sprint, alltel, us cellular and others. they don’t use what’s called a sim card, so you can’t unlock them. the us is the major country with cdma networks, although canada, mexico, india, japan and south korea also use them. if you buy a used cdma phone, it will have to be used with the carrier it was programmed for. 

gsm is another story. gsm is a world wide standard that was originally developed for europe. at&t and t-mobile adopted this technology in the us. what’s special about gsm phones is that they use a removable sim (subscriber identity module) card that can be swapped out to work on another network. if you have service in the united states but make frequent trips to europe, you can buy a replacement sim card that works with the cell phone network in the countries you are visiting.  when you get back just replace your sim card with the original and you are back in business on your regular network.

note that different countries use different cellular bands for transmission and reception. if you are traveling internationally and want the most flexibility, you should ideally buy a quad-band phone that works on all 4 gsm bands world-wide. a tri-band phone may also work for many users. 

gsm phones can be locked or unlocked. when you buy an unlocked phone it is not committed to any network. you get service from whichever gsm carrier you want to use. if you don’t like your carrier or move to an area where the coverage is better from another carrier, you can swap providers while keeping your phone.

are you interested in a used, refurbished, locked or unlocked cell phone ? if so, check out the complete selection and 30 day warranty available from cellularcountry.






posted by



t1 rex




at

6:42 pm



no comments:
  














email thisblogthis!share to xshare to facebookshare to pinterest



labels:
blackberry,
cdma,
iphone,
motorola,
refurbished cell phones,
samsung,
sim cards,
unlocked gsm cellphone










older posts

home




subscribe to:
posts (atom)















contributors


barbara
t1 rex




blog archive




blog archive
february (1)
november (1)
july (2)
april (4)
march (1)
october (1)
july (1)
april (1)
february (1)
december (2)
november (1)
august (2)
may (2)
march (4)
february (1)
january (1)
december (1)
november (1)
september (1)
august (1)
april (2)
march (1)
december (3)
october (2)
september (1)
july (3)
may (1)
march (2)
february (12)
january (26)
december (4)
november (2)
october (3)
september (3)
august (7)
july (8)
june (11)
may (10)
april (10)
march (8)
february (15)
january (7)
december (18)
november (14)
october (3)
september (9)
august (20)
july (15)
june (9)
may (4)
april (4)
march (7)
february (6)
january (13)
december (1)






links


cell phone plans finder
help an elephant
loves elephants
telexplainer
toasty leads























































copyright 2010 - 2011  by john and barbara shepler, all rights reserved. picture window theme. theme images by urbancow. powered by blogger.
























