




backpack sprayers, foggers, & fire pumps. a tradition of innovation. | the fountainhead group





















  








(800) 311-9903
email us!
mon-fri 8am - 5pm est






















products

chemical compatibility tool
home & garden sprayers
industrial & concrete sprayers
landscaping & grounds maintenance sprayers
cleaning & mold remediation sprayers
outdoor survival
mosquito foggers
professional pest management
fire pumps


support

need help?
replacement parts
find a store
troubleshooting
register your sprayer
use & care manuals
product catalogs
about us
tradeshows & events


replacement parts
store
jobs
community
contact
cart 











job openings







learn more


 




clean, disinfect, repeat.
we make optimal products for
professionals and homeowners
to help fight covid-19
new! chemical compatibility tool








the leading innovator
in liquid applicator technologies for 130 years!backpack and compression sprayers, foggers, and fire pumps...
learn more



 




committed to  our community
we're proud to announce the grand opening of our new 200,000 sq. ft. central distribution center in frankfort, ny, marking our 4th location in central new york


get directions


 









































































 




need to order replacement parts?
search parts now







home and garden


industrial and contractor


turf and agriculture


forestry


cleaning and restoration


pest control
 

meet the fountainhead group
ever since we introduced the first compressed air sprayer in 1888, we've dedicated ourselves to creating products that make consumers' lives easier. over the years, we've continued to build our legacy as the innovation leader in liquid applicator technologies with numerous category leading introductions. today, we're proud to offer only the highest quality pump sprayers, backpack sprayers, mosquito foggers and more for home and professional use. our sprayers are sold under the roundup, d.b. smith, field king and indian brands, while our foggers are sold under the black flag, burgess, cutter and repel brands. our vision is simple: the best performance for your money. that's kept us on top for 130 years... and we're as confident as ever in the future. we thank you for your business and look forward to serving you for the next 135 years! 





click here to learn more about our history of innovations





need to order replacement parts?
search parts now






figure out why others are loving it
why fgi?


tradition of innovationwe invest our time and resources in meaningful, customer driven innovation.


the fountainhead advantagewe design & manufacture all of our products, with capabilities in blow molding, injection molding, and assembly.


sprayers and backpackswe are singularly focused on one goal: creating superior indoor/outdoor liquid applicator solutions for large areas at the lowest possible cost.


indian fire pumpsour indian fire pumps offer 100% brass wands and nozzle. the dual nozzle changes quickly from stream to spray without the need for tools.
 




need to order replacement parts?
search parts now


top





contact us

 23 garden st, new york mills, ny 13417
 800-311-9903
 315-768-4220
 email us!
 8am - 5pm est monday through friday







quick links



home
innovations
privacy policy




job postings
contact us
sitemap
b2b portal





join our email list








subscribe
* indicates required
email address *first name last name marketing permissionsplease select all the ways you would like to hear from :emailyou can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. for information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.we use mailchimp as our marketing platform. by clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to mailchimp for processing. learn more about mailchimp's privacy practices.














*dewalt. dewalt® and guaranteed tough® are registered trademarks of the dewalt industrial tool co., used under license. all rights reserved. the yellow and black color scheme is a trademark for dewalt power tools and accessories. | craftsman. craftsman® is a registered trademark of stanley black & decker, inc., used under license. | black & decker. the black & decker corporation, and the black+decker logos are registered trademarks of the black & decker corporation and are used under license. | scotts® & miracle-gro® are a registered trademark of oms investments, inc. and is used under license. | roundup® and roundup & design are registered trademark used under license from monsanto technology llc. | viton® is a registered trademark of e.i. dupont de nemours & co. | teejet® is a registered trademark of teejet® technologies and spraying systems company | black flag™, black flag®, cutter®, and repel® are trademarks of united industries corporation.






© 2025 the fountainhead group - responsive design and development by quadsimia




shoponlinecontact ustoday













