




 | audio recording/production facilities and services	



































audio recording/production facilities and services
 

skip to content
home
recording studio
production services
remote recording
stories
about
contact us
 








emmanuel recording studios is a located in burlington ontario. we take pride in our years of experience and passion for the art of recording. our staff and studio form a winning combination, and our service is hard to top.
emmanuel is home to a first-class audio production facility. our owner and president, carmon barry, made this company a reality nearly 37 years ago. with multiple juno awards and an american gold record under our belt, clients with big goals and high standards will find peace in knowing that we are of the same mind. our entire team is here to assist you in your recording endeavors.
book your time today, for an experience of a lifetime.









testimonials


integrity, depth, excellence, experience. thats what you’ll find at

emmanuel.



carmon- thanks for going above and beyond and investing your many talents in this project
david cranton



it was a pleasure working with you again and i hope we can do it again!

david ambrose



we had a great time and everything sounds great!

 



as always, great working with you again. i hope the next couple of musical maniacs you have coming through your door keep it simpler than we did. peace
gerald



best thing since sliced bread.


 



 "one good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain"
bob marley
"where words fail, music speaks"
hans christian andersen 
"i don't make music for eyes. i make music for ears"
adele
"if a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away"
henry david thoreau

 







contact info 416-283-7477
mail@emmanuelstudios.com
4143 stonebridge crescent
burlington on.
l7m4n3

 








					proudly powered by wordpress.				












