











home | history

history






















mu logouniversity of missouri





search



















college of arts and science

history

 




 


skip to content





homefeatured alumninewslettersresearchpromotion and tenure informationlecture seriespeoplefacultyaffiliated facultyemeritus facultystaffgraduate studentsin memoriamundergraduate programgraduate programgiving



 













 













    in the news





 

message from the chair
 

history lecture: november 12
 

history lecture: october 14



read more news














    faculty spotlight





 

dominic meng-hsuan yang

















    historians reflect on current events





 

historical perspectives on the war in ukraine: a virtual seminar with history department faculty
 

the long history of civil rights activism at mizzou



read more on current events














    dispatches from the archives





 

where we started - women at mizzou



read more dispatches














    featured alumni










 



bruce lemmie
by debbie cutler
mizzou alumni bruce lemmie graduated from the department of history in the early 1970s and now resides in texas where he is retired after a long career at state farm insurance company. he now volunteers on several projects to preserve the memories and experiences of his african american ancestors. one project is helping to inform the world about the history of buffalo soldiers and get the word out about the buffalo soldier national history museum, where he is a board member. african americans participated in every great american war since the revolutionary war.
the second is preserving and building a memorial park upon the land where black prisoners, victims of the convict-leasing system, were buried during a time when americans of african descent were considered free, unless incarcerated – a loophole in the 13th amendment. he also researches his own family’s slavery past through genealogy.
read more about bruce




















social media













tweets by historyatmizzou 









 history at mizzou 

































contact us
department of history
615 locust street building, room e103 | columbia, mo 65211
phone: 573-882-2481


email us







facebook account





twitter account







mu is an equal opportunity/access/affirmative action/pro-disabled and veteran employer and does not discriminate on the basis of sex in our education programs or activities, pursuant to title ix and 34 cfr part 106. for more information, visit mu’s nondiscrimination policy or the office of institutional equity.




© 2025 — curators of the university of missouri. all rights reserved. dmca and other copyright information. privacy policy












