






















institute for work & health







      skip to main content
    









secondary navigation


about us


opportunities


subscribe





toggle navigation








main navigation


our research 


research priorities


selected topics


project directory




our people 


scientists


executive team


board of directors


scientific advisory committee


adjunct scientists


staff directory




our impact 


research impact


impact case studies


knowledge transfer & exchange


our stakeholder networks


partner organizations


building capacity




publications & resources 


plain-language summaries


tools & guides


videos & presentations


scientific reports


journal articles


what researchers mean by...


corporate reports


document directory




news & events 


events


what's new


media room


iwh in the media


iwh news archive






secondary navigation


about us


opportunities


subscribe










search











 













trusted research, with reach and impact
the institute for work & health (iwh) is an independent, multidisciplinary, not-for-profit research organization located in ontario, canada. iwh conducts and mobilizes research that supports policy-makers, employers and workers in creating healthy, safe and inclusive work environments.














latest news & findings


 

february 12, 2025

severe pain, not pressure to return to work or lack of accommodation offer, linked to opioid use post-injury
an iwh study found that among a group of injured workers in ontario, those who experienced severe pain were more likely to use opioids than those who had no or only mild pain—regardless of whether they felt they had to return to work too soon, or were offered work accommodations.
read more

 

february 10, 2025

saskatchewan’s construction safety group uses iwh tool to improve safety culture
since 2021, the saskatchewan construction safety association (scsa) has been surveying its members twice per year on their organizations’ safety practices and culture using iwh’s organizational performance metric (opm). a new case study details how scsa members have been analyzing opm scores to adjust their safety practices and how scsa has been using the data to tailor their outreach.
read more

 

january 15, 2025

employers face challenges in supporting public safety personnel with post-traumatic stress injuries
workers in public safety jobs, like firefighters or police, are often exposed to potentially traumatic events and may experience mental health injuries as a result. in ontario, a pilot program has been developed to help treat these workers. to identify any needed changes to the program, iwh researchers asked employers about their experiences helping these workers return to work after a mental health injury.
read more

 

january 14, 2025

iwh speaker series: the mental health of injured workers with a physically disabling injury
on january 28, dr. kathleen dobson shares results from a recent study examining mental health profiles among a group of physically injured workers in ontario. she also discusses how a holistic model of mental health helps highlight the diverse experiences of injured workers. 
learn more and register




see all news













iwh speaker series


learn directly from iwh researchers themselves about their latest findings in health, safety and disability prevention. the iwh speaker series is a livestream webinar series that features new study findings from the institute for work & health. the webinars are usually held once a month, on a tuesday at 11:00 a.m. est. recordings are also available to watch on demand.
view iwh speaker series













explore the site


tools and guides
integrate evidence-based policies and practices into your occupational health and safety, return-to-work and rehabilitation programs. iwh has created a number of tools and guides based on our research findings that can help improve program outcomes.
view tools and guides


impact case studies
find out how iwh research is making a difference. read our impact case studies, in which policy-makers, workplaces and other stakeholders in health, safety and disability prevention tell how iwh research helped improve their policies, programs and practices.
go to case studies


research summaries
whether it’s a policy briefing, a systematic review summary or the highlights of a specific research project, we’ve compiled a number of plain-language summaries to help you understand the research we’re doing, what we have found, and how we found it.
get the summaries



















footer information


stay connected
stay up to date on the latest research, events and news. subscribe to our monthly e-newsletter.








institute for work & health
we are an independent, not-for-profit organization. our mission is to conduct and mobilize research that supports policy-makers, employers and workers in creating healthy, safe and inclusive work environments.


contact us
400 university avenue, suite 1800
toronto, ontario m5g 1s5
416-927-2027
info@iwh.on.ca











footer menu


privacy policies


accessibility


copyright & disclaimer


site map


contact us


webmail













