






















medidata | unified life science platform | medidata solutions















































          medidata
        

medidata







products & solutions






medidata platform






medidata platform

the leading unified platform dedicated to clinical research.



clinical data management

eliminate complex, manual processes & achieve higher quality data for faster insights.



clinical operations

drive faster timelines across the trial lifecycle with centralized data & analytics.



complex clinical trials

flexible technology to simplify complex study build and execution.



medidata ai

the data, tools and insight you need to reimagine clinical trials & propel innovation.



patient cloud

a suite of patient-facing technologies that makes clinical trials simple and engaging for patients.







patient cloud






patient cloud overview

a suite of patient-facing technologies that makes clinical trials simple and engaging for patients



econsent

a patient-friendly enrollment solution enabling patients to understand trial objectives & consent remotely.



sensor cloud

a complete end to end solution for the normalization and analysis of sensor data and patient information, offering seamless integration to enable rapid decision-making and actionable insights.



sensor cloud network

discover new possibilities in sensor integrations, sensor data, digital biomarkers, and algorithms.



ecoa

full-service, flexible solution to easily and accurately capture patient data and patient reported outcomes.



patient insights

active engagement with medidata’s diverse patient advocates to infuse the patient voice into solution design.



mymedidata

a patient portal helping to streamline clinical operations and maintain consistency.



mymedidata registries

pre- and post-trial engagement to prepare patients for future clinical research participation and enrollment.



patient payments

provide patients with a worry-free payment experience.







clinical data management






clinical data management

eliminate complex, manual processes & achieve higher quality data for faster insights.



clinical data studio

accelerate clinical data integration, standardization, review, and reconciliation.



rave edc

capture and manage your patient, site and lab in the most advanced, robust and secure electronic data capture system.



rave lite

a cost-effective offering of rave edc for phase i and phase iv trials.



coder+

the evolution in automated medical coding for rave edc.



companion

make data entry easier and faster for sites.



imaging

gain visibility and full control over your imaging data while simplifying processes for sites, sponsors, and core labs.



rtsm (randomization and trial supply management)

eliminate double data entry and change orders for randomization and trial supply management.



safety gateway

automate collection, transmission and tracking of adverse event data.



site cloud - eos

seamlessly generate, distribute, & manage clinical study files at the end of a study.







clinical operations






clinical operations

drive faster timelines across the trial lifecycle with centralized data & analytics.



clinical data studio

deliver higher-quality trials with risk-based quality management (rbqm).



adjudicate

a streamlined, single digital endpoint adjudication system.



ctms

improve speed and efficiency for the oversight of studies with rave ctms (clinical trial management system).



etmf

manage electronic trial master file content while maintaining readiness & compliance.



clinical trial financial management




patient payments

enable trial teams with a straightforward and efficient payment solution for patients.



site payments

unify your clinical research study data and financial management in one platform.



grants manager

quickly and accurately develop investigator grant budgets.



targeted sdv

empowering a risk-based approach to source data verification by focusing on critical data.



remote source review

a cloud-based remote site access and monitoring solution.







medidata ai






medidata ai overview

the data, tools and insight you need to reimagine clinical trials & propel innovation.



integrated evidence

connecting historical insights & real-world data to increase trial success probability.



intelligent trials

operational analytics built on the industry’s largest real-time performance dataset.



medidata link

combine patient-level clinical trial & real world data.



synthetic control arm (sca)

a smarter external control arm built with regulatory-grade, historical clinical trial data.



trial design & synthetic data

use historical clinical trial data to improve the probability of regulatory and technical success.



medidata research alliance

accelerating scientific research via a multi-industry collaborative framework.







healthcare & therapeutic solutions

designed to tackle the complexities of oncology and vaccine clinical trials safely and cost-effectively.





health record connect

securely and compliantly exchange ehr and other healthcare data to power a whole new level of collaboration and patient care.



therapeutic area solutions

designed to tackle the complexities of oncology and vaccine clinical trials safely and cost-effectively.



surgical planning

collaborate in real-time for implantable device procedures.







professional services






professional services overview

comprehensive professional support for the entire clinical trial process.



strategy and transformation consulting

partner with our experts to help deliver quantifiable value and promote operational efficiency.



study configuration services

simplify, future proof, and save time and costs for your clinical study build.



customer success

dedicated teams working together to maximize your medidata experience.







dct & diversity solutions






decentralized clinical trials

decentralizing solutions on a unified platform for patients, sites, and sponsors.



diversity in clinical trials

a multi-faceted approach to cultivate diversity across the clinical trial lifecycle.



patient solutions

a suite of patient-facing technologies that enable patients to virtually engage with their trial activities.



site solutions

circuit clinical’s clinical trial network, trained and standardized on medidata’s dct solutions.













who we work with






by organization






emerging and mid-sized biopharma

gain speed, scale for complexity, mitigate risks, and improve trial outcomes.



large biopharma

adapt, scale, realize your next breakthrough, and get therapies to market faster.



medtech

achieve clinical, regulatory, and commercial success during clinical trials.



academic and not-for-profit organizations

address your unique challenges with dedicated offerings and support.







partners






why cros choose medidata

leverage the industry’s most comprehensive and adaptable clinical trial technology platform.



find a partner

improve your performance with medidata’s diverse partner ecosystem.



learn about the partner program

add your business to the life science industry’s largest global ecosystem.



partner portal

your gateway to exclusive, industry-leading tools and resources that position your business to achieve more.







customers & sites






customer success stories

see how our customers use the medidata platform to make clinical trials better.



site partnerships

through collaboration and communication, sites are part of the medidata mission of bringing smarter treatments and devices to patients sooner.







partnerships






circuit clinical

circuit clinical’s clinical trial network, trained and standardized on medidata’s dct solutions.



cogstate

optimizing cns assessment and endpoint data quality with medidata & cogstate.













company






about us






leadership

meet our team.



offices

get in touch or pay us a visit when you’re in town.



newsroom

the latest news and updates from medidata.



awards and recognition

recognition for our products, programs, and people.



medidata history

learn more about the history of medidata.



trust and transparency

learn how medidata earns your trust with the unified protection strategy.







our values






corporate and social responsibility

our employee-driven program to impact & help reshape our global impact.



diversity, equity, and inclusion

leveraging diversity sparks innovation, opportunity for growth, and development.







careers






careers

be a part of revolutionizing life sciences to create a healthier world.



experienced professionals

build your career with medidata.



medidata professional development

chart your own path with endless professional development possibilities.



intern & coop program

obtain first hand experience to jumpstart your career.







events






upcoming events

featured events where you can connect with medidata.



medidata next

a can’t miss global event where we come together to solve the impossible.













resources






resources






resource center

gain exclusive clinical trial insights and learn how medidata’s offerings are solving the latest industry challenges.



clinical minds blog

our collection of insights, clinical updates, and looks into life at medidata.



clinical minds podcast

hear from our experts discussing the latest trends and evolutions in the medical space.



clinical trial process

your technology roadmap through the clinical trial process.







global education






training

extensive courses & flexible training to help you get the most out of our unified platform.



certifications

earn portable recognition for role-based skills in the medidata platform.













contact us






contact sales

interested in learning more? we would love to hear from you.



contact support

get in touch with our support team for assistance with all things medidata.





view all support numbers




helpdesk@mdsol.com

contact our help desk directly for assistance with any of our medidata products.













login






      featured resources
    



            bbc "beyond the code" featuring anthony costello and alicia staley
          








            medidata dcts: the patient perspective
          





            medidata platform fact sheet
          





            back to basics: a survey of clinical data management system users and decision makers
          





      featured resources
    



            bbc "beyond the code" featuring anthony costello and alicia staley
          





            learn more about medidata’s decentralized clinical trials program
          





            learn more about mymedidata
          





            watch our latest video on our patient design program
          





      featured resources
    



            bbc "beyond the code" featuring anthony costello and alicia staley
          





            learn more about medidata’s decentralized clinical trials program
          





            medidata circuit clinical partnership factsheet
          





            diversity in clinical trials survey
          





      featured resources
    



            the big book of cro case studies
          





            find a partner
          





            discover the medidata consultant program
          





      featured resources
    



            revolutionary synthetic data
          





            patient-level trial data + rwd
          





            accelerate enrollment
          





            external control arm delivers hope in hard-to-treat cancer
          





      featured resources
    












accelerate your clinical research with innovative technology and unmatched data insights.



    here’s how
  















our suite of products & solutions


medidata is the leading provider of saas and data analytics solutions that support clinical research. discover how our products and services help advance all stages of your clinical trial.






            all solutions
          





            all solutions
          







    medidata platform
  

the industry’s only unified platform dedicated to clinical research—proven to transform trials.



    manage your trial in one place
  






    data management
  

next-generation solutions that eliminate complex, manual processes for higher quality data and faster insights.



    transform your data management
  






    trial management
  

accelerate study timelines from planning to close with connected workflows and centralized insights.



    drive faster study decisions
  






    patient engagement
  

powerful, patient-facing technologies that make clinical trials simple and engaging for patients.



    discover patient-centric tech
  






    professional services
  

comprehensive support designed to drive exceptional customer engagement for a best-in-class experience.



    harness 25 years of expertise
  






    evidence generation
  

unparalleled trial data combined with advanced analytics and deep human expertise—all on a single platform.



    leverage data from 34k+ trials
  






    healthcare solutions
  

exchange ehr and other healthcare data to power a new level of collaboration and patient care.



    bridge healthcare & research
  






    decentralized trials
  

decentralizing solutions on a unified platform for patients, sites, and sponsors.



    access an end-to-end platform
  













a few of our partners & customers



























                    over 10 years’ of partnership
                  

“our partnership with medidata has enabled us to offer top-notch service to sponsors. in the last decade, we’ve embraced the latest rave edc technology, including ecoa/epro via the patient cloud and rave coder. we’ve successfully configured intricate study designs, from early-phase oncology with numerous protocol changes to rare disease studies with diverse data collection methods.”


– melissa hancock, director, eclinical technologies




    see how
  













                    professional services supports our needs
                  

“the team of professional services that i work with is very intelligent and collaborative…. we enjoy working with medidata, it’s a great team. they’re always willing to come to the table and discuss our needs.”


– heidi mcintyre, director of centralized data monitoring, moderna




    see how
  













                    innovation and support for very complex oncology trials
                  

“…the medidata products are very innovative and support our very complex oncology studies…”


– vijay chundru,senior director, edc programming team, global clinical data operations, jazz pharmaceuticals




    see how
  














experience matters


with 25+ years of worldwide collaboration with customers, patients, and partners, medidata delivers smarter treatments and healthier people.








      35,000+
    

    clinical trials
  

thousands of studies in 140+ countries have been conducted on the medidata platform.






      10 million+
    

    patients
  

over 10 million patient participants across medidata trials have impacted clinical research and touched countless lives.






      2,200
    

    customers
  

medidata studies, patients, and data are involved in 23% of company-initiated trial starts globally.






      65%
    

    fda-approved novel drugs
  

medidata was involved in 65% of 2023 fda novel drug approvals and 60% since 2015*.
*excludes vaccines and biologics








    see how
  











industry insights


discover the latest life sciences breakthroughs with insights and expertise from our thought leaders.












      2 min read
    










      feb 03, 2025
    

      the challenge, the change, the solution: reinventing medical imaging
    


           
            clinical data management
           
        
read blog article







      2 min read
    










      jan 23, 2025
    

      generative ai: the next wave
    


           
            data & ai
           
        
read blog article







      4 min read
    










      jan 13, 2025
    

      understanding the new fda guidance on decentralized clinical trials
    


           
            decentralized clinical trials
           
        
read blog article









    view all blog articles
  







contact us


ready to transform your clinical trials? get in touch with us today to get started.




    speak to an expert
  





   




contact an expert













medidata








policies




privacy policies




trust and transparency









search














english














english









日本語









한국어









简体中文








          © 2025 medidata - all rights reserved
        





twitter




linkedin




instagram




youtube










you decide what cookies medidata will usecontinue with only necessary cookiesyou decide what cookies medidata will usewe, medidata, use cookies to give you the best experience on our websites by: measuring their audience and improving their performance, by providing you with content and proposals that correspond to your interactions, by serving ads that are relevant to your interests and by allowing you to share content on social networks.your preferences will be kept for 6 months and you can change them at any time by clicking on the "manage my cookies preferences" link in the footer of each webpage. to learn more about how this site uses cookies, please visit our privacy policy.manage my preferences accept all privacy & cookies policy




close






what are cookies? 
we may collect information using “cookies.” cookies are small data files stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website. we may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our site.

complete details can be found in our privacy policy.

 





                                necessary cookies                            


 necessary cookies 


                                    always enabled                                



necessary cookies are essential and are used to provide you with services available through medidata website. for instance, these cookies allow medidata to remember your choices about cookies preferences, to record your interface customization trackers e.g. for the choice of language used by the website. necessary cookies are enabled by default and cannot be switched off. to see the list of the cookies used for this purpose, click here .






                                functional cookies                            


functional




functional cookies are used to provide you with contents and proposals that correspond to your interactions. they may consist of information logged on your device or recorded as you navigate through medidata website. these cookies also allow us to analyze site usage so we can measure and improve performance. to see the list of the cookies used for these purposes, click here.






                                targeting / advertising cookies                            


advertising




advertising cookies are used to enable medidata and its trusted medidata business stakeholders to serve ads that are relevant to your interests. the intention is to display ads that are relevant to you.

facebook
google
microsoft clarity
microsoft bing
mouseflow
oracle / eloqua
6sense
autodesk

to see the list of the cookies used for this purpose, click here.












save & accept
















































