






skyhorse saddles | two people, four hands, highest quality saddles

























































menu











home
saddles

collection
show
pleasure
trail
sidesaddles
available saddles
skyrider


available saddles
custom work

bags & briefcases
framed work
interior decor
vessels
sacred skulls
miscellaneous


outreach

altai project
mongolian leather project
peru project
navajo arts council project
switzerland project


ordering

pricing
testimonials
measuring your horse
contact us
gift certificates


videos

press & awards


 









































































we are lisa and loren of skyhorse saddles, a husband and wife are the top custom saddle making team.

for more than forty-five years we've been working together to create the finest custom saddles available. 

each of the more than 1,100 one-of-a-kind saddles made to date provided our clients with attention to detail, options, and aesthetics rarely found in the industry today.


 the finest custom riding saddles available 
 two people, four hands, highest quality  





            collection saddles          








            pleasure saddles          








             show saddles          








            trail saddles          








            sidesaddles          








            skyrider          

              models start at $3500            










      check out skyhorse on social media!
    





skyhorse saddles









the skyhorse way
saddle under construction

		  the height of customized! lane directed our design to include all the elements he desired. this saddle features: hand woven navajo rug seat....cantle and forks and horn braided in black kangaroo lace (loren's specialty)...hand constructed "story teller" silver conchos...and lisa's famous hand drawn, sculpted, and painted wildlife imagery. enjoy the story of construction!
	  






















































































together we can dream it, design it, build it.
a skyhorse saddle is a singular work of art, created specifically for horse and rider by master custom saddlemakers lisa and loren skyhorse. the finest materials, traditional craftsmanship, uncompromising dedication to detail and quality -  these are the hallmarks of a skyhorse saddle. their expertise is unmatched after more than forty-five years full time; producing over a thousand saddles and hundreds of other exquisite pieces entirely by their own four hands! each is a masterpiece in leather, distinctively designed and exquisitely crafted to meet your individual needs. all of our saddles are handmade and built to the customer’s specifications -  featuring hand-made wooden trees, hand-carved groundseats, individually created art including brands and logos, multiple choices of color, finishes, and exotic leathers. there is no limit to the masterful hand carving and artwork by lisa skyhorse. the stitching is carefully recessed for ultimate strength.  the edges are finely polished or trimmed with loren skyhorse’s famous edge braiding  in either kangaroo leather lace or our exclusive pure silver lace. our remarkable silver braiding is a skyhorse saddle company trademark and is unique throughout the industry. click on the order tab for a complete explanation of options.


lisa & loren skyhorse

master saddlemakers since 1972

      two people
      four hands
      highest quality
    




call or write today to get started on your own exquisite project


skyhorsesaddles@gmail.com




(970) 764-8099






(970) 764-8099
skyhorsesaddles@gmail.com
skyhorse saddles, p.o. box 4317
durango, co 81302













 2013-2025 skyhorse saddles.
all rights reserved.
photography by waldemar winkler.
powered by: bci media services.








