


ragdoll's domain

























    



	ragdoll's domain



	



  



faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens -gimli (j.r.r. tolkien)






wednesday, april 26, 2006




	 ragdoll's domain
	 



      i  miss you blogger blog! but i love my wordpress blog too. what to do? i still visit you daily and use your links and blogroll... i need to stop talking to my blog...lol. updates over at www.ragdollsdomain.wordpress.com
    


posted by ragdoll at 4/26/2006 10:30:00 pm
comments | trackback

1 comments





 | 
saturday, march 18, 2006




	 new digs
	 



      point your browser this way---> www.ragdollsdomain.wordpress.com .


i'll be there for a while! i won't delete my blogger blogs, but i am liking the organization goodies over there! most of my archives have been imported over there as well. come on by, leave a comment or 2. let me know what you think.
    


posted by ragdoll at 3/18/2006 11:39:00 am
comments | trackback

2 comments





 | 
friday, march 17, 2006




	 choosing a web host
	 



      my brain hurts. i have spend months poring over possible web hosts, and i am no closer to deciding what to do. i have been thinking about buying my own domain, and choosing a web host, but i still have no idea what it is i am supposed to be looking for.


i have no idea how to create a web page, so there better be a web site building program or wizard to hold my hand. i want to host my blog, i want to be able to store photos and video and link to it, and i want to have a shopping cart for the stuff i sell.


so, got any tips? any recommendations? i am frugal (cheap), so i want the best i can get for less than an arm and a leg, or my first (and only) born.
*

this is all because i am tired of being dependent on bloggers servers and i just want my own shit. while you're at it, what is a good blogging platform? i am playing around with a word press one as well (www.ragdollsdomain.wordpress.com ), but if i can use blogger on my own site, then that is cool too.
    


posted by ragdoll at 3/17/2006 07:55:00 pm
comments | trackback

0 comments





 | 




	 quote of the day
	 



overheard at my house:

there"s a booger in my eye!
-bebe
    


posted by ragdoll at 3/17/2006 10:16:00 am
comments | trackback

0 comments





 | 



	 
	 experiments!
	 
    


      blogger had some issues with one of it's servers. of course, my blog was on the server with issues, so i could not view my own blog. well ...no one could. so i did a little experimenting. this is just one of them. take a look.let me know what you think.  i'll post others as i go along. btw. happy st.patrick's day.

ragdoll's domain 2.0 



posted by ragdoll at 3/17/2006 10:01:00 am
comments | trackback

0 comments





 | 
monday, march 13, 2006



	 
	 the alphabet according to ragdoll n-q
	 
    


      continuing on... for a-g (click here) for h-j (click here) for k-m (click here)

n is for names. names and their meanings fascinate me. i sometimes think that i write some stories just so i can use a name. i believe that your name and its meaning are a huge part of who you are. i actually have a whole section in my notebook dedicated to lists of different names. (including their meaning, and what language they relate to. i think i could write a whole essay on names and why i am fascinated by them.)
also for nature, the nightmare before christmas (even though i have seen in hundreds of times and can sing along to every tune in the movie...really.) and novels. (especially fantasy fiction. huh. who woulda' thunk?)i want to visit nova scotia (canada) and naples(italy)o is for orlando bloom .ok, if i were in highschool, i would have been a serious fan-girl. as it is, i have bought 3 magazines simply for the fact that he was on the cover. this man has been touted as today's errol flynn. he is fantastic in period pieces as well as in a 'modern' setting. (can we say fabulous casting for lord of the rings? i would expect no less for one of my favorite novels.) and have you seen the photo of mr. bloom with 'tattoos', and how about the photos in the gq spread last year? *faints*. oh, and ...also for opera (especially faust and carmen),oceans and oreos.i want to visit oslo, norway and oxford, ukp is for potatoes (fried, mashed, baked, hashed, made into chips but definitely not scalloped.)also for pontiacs (especially my 1955 pontiac chieftain), the princess bride (both the movie and the book.) and pirates.i want to visit paris, france and pamplona, spainq is for quotes. i collect quotes. especially movie quotes, and quotes from writers. they can be funny, insightful, serious, or practical. i use them as inspiration for writing, drawings and for annoying certain people when they are being asshats.also for queen (freddie mercury rest in peace), quail (i can spend hours watching the family of california quail in my grandparent's backyard.) and q-tips . bless the inventor of these invaluable tools! i hate dirty/itchy ears, and they are excellent in the craft room as well as for getting dust out of the tiny crevices in your cars dash.i want to visit queensland, australia



posted by ragdoll at 3/13/2006 03:04:00 pm
comments | trackback

0 comments





 | 




	 happiness is...
	 



      happiness is having clean carpets. i heart the rug doctor.we rented one of these wonderful machines sunday and gave the carpets a wash. we normally do this every 3 months, but given the hectic pace we have run the past 6 months, i think we are more than 6 months over due. ahhhh. clean carpets how i have missed you so!

i bet you think that your carpets are clean. "we don't wear shoes in our house!" you say. pssh. neither do we. i dare you. rent a rug doctor and give your carpets a rinse. i bet you the rest of the chocolate dobash cake in my fridge that you will be disgusted by the filth you clean out of it!

tip of the day:soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run. -mark twain




posted by ragdoll at 3/13/2006 02:43:00 pm
comments | trackback

0 comments





 | 
friday, march 10, 2006



	 
	 how to be an asshat in 10 easy steps
	 
    


how to be an asshat in ten easy steps. 

1. run out of gas for the bazillionth time because you assume that you have enough fuel, then bitch about how you ‘forgot’ your aaa card at home. (would it kill you to get the gas gauge fixed, especially when you know it has been acting up since that time you fried the starter?) 
2. make sure that you whine about how you have used your aaa card sooooo many times already this year. 
3. while the person with the aaa card is on the phone, (the phone that works just a smidge better than 2 cans and a piece of string) talk loudly and give instructions on what you think they should be saying to the aaa dispatcher. 
4. 5 minutes before the estimated time of arrival, tell aaa cardholder to call back and find out where tow-truck is. (don’t forget to bitch when you find out that he has been delayed because he came upon an accident on his way to you. after all, it is pouring down rain at the moment.) complain about the state of the almost dead battery on the cel phone when you have forgotten yours at home for the 2nd day in a row. 
5. get defensive when the other person finally snaps and verbally rips you a new bung hole. 
6. wonder why that person just snapped and is now refusing to speak to you. 
7. even though you know that it is easier to leave that person alone for a while, continue to prod and make snide comments. 
8. act like a baby and not answer the cel phone (when the caller id tells you that it is your mother) by proclaiming in a pissy tone “ i don’t feel like talking. you get it.” then sit in the driver seat pouting. 
9. when the aaa contracted tow truck gets to you and informs you that they don’t carry diesel fuel (and that the dispatcher should have known that), get your underpants in a huge bunch and demand that the roadside service card carrying member (who has managed not to shove you into the glove box in frustration) ‘bitch out aaa for wasting 2 hours’ and ‘make sure that they don’t count this as a service call!’ 
10. when all is said and done, act like nothing happened.
there. i feel much better. i am so over it.



posted by ragdoll at 3/10/2006 09:03:00 pm
comments | trackback

0 comments





 | 
wednesday, march 08, 2006




	 fukitol the wonder drug
	 





for those days you just can't really give a rats puckered end about. if you haven't heard robin williams bit on this you must.

i love this site. www.fukitol.com plenty of swag to buy. there used to be a fukitol button to replace your esc button with ,but sadly, i was too late in placing my order. dammitol. hey! perhaps that will be the next wonder drug?
    


posted by ragdoll at 3/08/2006 07:19:00 pm
comments | trackback

4 comments





 | 



	 
	 pearl jam - new album coming!
	 
    


      pearl jam was one of my favorite bands in the early 90's. they were a staple in my my cd changer, and i eagerly anticipated their concert in golden gate park, san francico. by the end of that craptastic 'concert', they were at the bottom of my list. even my beloved "bootleg cd" i won from a now defunct radio station. i believe it was 98.5 kome. i had gone with a group of friends, including an ex boyfriend. i knew the day would not go well, when i had the urge to shove my ex out of the truck before we even got there. at the concert a smelly man kept falling on me as he was dancing around in a drug stupor. (old hippie, this is pearl jam, not the greatful dead for crying out loud.) after a couple of songs eddie bowed out to be replaced by neil young for the rest of the concert. now, i am not a neil young hater, but i did not come to see a neil jam concert. needless to say i was not pleased. i planned on leaving but my asshat of an ex was nowhere to be seen, and he had my keys and sunscreen. he had gone off to 'see if he could get a closer look' and did not return until after the concert was over. it was the beginning of the end of a doomed relationship. i got home hours later in a sour mood and sunburnt from head to toe (i swear my eyeballs were sunburned...)

anywho! i was pleasantly surprised yesterday while listening to live 105. pearl jam had a new release, a new album coming out and the song was available to download for free! now, after years of pearl jam silence, i could only hope that they had not lost their edge. i assure you , if you were a pearl jam fan before, you will enjoy their new offering. we can only hope that the rest of the album is just as good. they have announced a world tour as well.

if you would like to download pearl jam's latest song 'worldwide suicide' for free, go to http://bootlegs.pearljam.com/ (click on the link...it will take you there.)

straight from their website www.pearljam.com :

"world wide suicide single free!03.06.06
beginning now, you can download the new single from pearl jam at bootlegs.pearljam.com. this mp3 version of the song contains no digital rights management so you can share it with your friends. spread the word.

worldwide suicide
(lyrics: vedder, music: gossard)

i felt the earth on monday. it moved beneath my feet.
in the form of a morning paper. laid out for me to see.

saw his face in a corner picture. i recognized the name.
could not stop staring at the. face i'd never see again.

it's a shame to awake in a world of pain
what does it mean when a war has taken over

it's the same everyday in a hell manmade
what can be saved, and who will be left to hold her?

the whole world...world over.
it's a worldwide suicide.

medals on a wooden mantle. next to a handsome face.
that the president took for granted.
writing checks that others pay.

and in all the madness. thought becomes numb and naive.
so much to talk about. nothing for to say.

it's the same everyday and the wave won't break
tell you to pray, while the devils on their shoulder

laying claim to the take that our soldiers save
does not equate, and the truth's already out there

the whole world,... world over.
it's a worldwide suicide.

the whole world,... world over.
it's a worldwide suicide.

looking in the eyes of the fallen
you got to know there's another, another, another, another
another way

it's a shame to awake in a world of pain
what does it mean when a war has taken over

it's the same everyday and the wave won't break
tell you to pray, while the devils on their shoulder

the whole world,... world over.
it's a worldwide suicide.

the whole world,... world over.
it's a worldwide suicide."



posted by ragdoll at 3/08/2006 11:00:00 am
comments | trackback

0 comments





 | 
wednesday, march 01, 2006



	 
	 the alphabet according to ragdoll k-m
	 
    


      continuing on... for a-g (click here) for h-j (click here)

k is for kyudo. i am fascinated by traditional japanese archery. i have always admired archers, archery and the beauty of a well made bow. as a little girl i loved the 'stories' of artemis/diana, and robin hood was a favorite tale of mine. i dabbled a bit in archery while in college and loved the way a bow felt in my hands, and it was a discipline that was a welcome form of stress release. i am attracted to kyudo for in its most pure form, it is practiced as an art and means of moral and spiritual development rather than a sport.
also for kelp forests in monterey bay, karma and knives. sharp pointy items. there are so many incredibly made knives. my favorite is still an old simple kitchen knife that my grandfather gave me. it has seen kitchen duty longer than he has been married. it has been sharpened many times, and the handle is worn, but it is better than the fancy expensive 'ginsu' or whatever brand knife i received as a wedding gift 6 years ago.
i want to visit kaua'i

l is for language. i would love to be proficient in every single language ever invented. i am fascinated by the fact that there are so many different ways to say something. whether it be completely different language dialect or perhaps just the way something is said. words are beautiful, ugly, soft, harsh and powerful. if you wanted to be able to say 'hello' in every single language, you would have to learn at least 2,796 ways to say the same thing. and this does not even count 'fictional' languages such as klingon, quenya, sindarin or khuzdul. and if you at least 'recognize' these languages and where they come from, you are indeed someone i could chat with for hours.
also for lionfish, librarys and limericks

(my favorite:
there was an old person of buda,
whose conduct grew ruder and ruder;
till at last, with a hammer,they silenced his clamour,
by smashing that person of buda.
-e. lear )
i want to visit london
m is for mythology. my favorite class in college was world mythology. in grade school when other kids were reading comics and choose your own adventures, i had my nose buried in various mytholgy volumes. norse, greek,african, japanese, native american, irish,indian,arthurian legend and world mythology and folklore compilations. my book case is covered in them. no wonder i love tolkiens work.
also for music, magic and monty python and the holy grail. 'are you suggesting coconuts migrate?'
i want to visit monaco





posted by ragdoll at 3/01/2006 10:22:00 pm
comments | trackback

0 comments





 | 










the goods! 

ragdoll customs-for custom hairclips by ragdoll, click here. 
rockahula baby- hair klips, handbags and other kool accessories!
pro photo photography
cyanide customs
once upon a time...(what i am working on, and authors of note.)

last request - a story in progress
illoluv
twisted thoughts within my four brick walls...
situation normal all frelled up
the writers buzz
senseless muddle

ems shenanigans

faqs about the corporal and ems stories
is this life?
dts when in danger...
the professor's vent
far from perfect
the color of the sky in my world
the panic blog

 avast ye scurvy bilge rats! cast yer eyes on davy jones locker if ye dare!

anything pirate
vle's pirate cove





about me

name:  ragdoll 
location:  san jose, ca, united states 
code name: "runs-
with-scissors" .(i actually got a version of this on an early report card.)i have a habit of telling it 
like 
it is,i have a low 
tolerance for stupidity.easily distracted by
shiny objects,classic cars and a good book.
view my complete profile

blogroll me!
contact mesend me a message in a bottle
aim

number of timewasters who have visited

got 2 cents? leave it here! or just say "hi!"


where in the world do the sightseers in ragdoll's domain come from?




ragdoll's domain
new digs
choosing a web host
quote of the day
experiments!
the alphabet according to ragdoll n-q
happiness is...
how to be an asshat in 10 easy steps
fukitol the wonder drug
pearl jam - new album coming!



07/01/2004 - 08/01/2004
08/01/2004 - 09/01/2004
09/01/2004 - 10/01/2004
10/01/2004 - 11/01/2004
11/01/2004 - 12/01/2004
12/01/2004 - 01/01/2005
01/01/2005 - 02/01/2005
02/01/2005 - 03/01/2005
03/01/2005 - 04/01/2005
04/01/2005 - 05/01/2005
05/01/2005 - 06/01/2005
06/01/2005 - 07/01/2005
07/01/2005 - 08/01/2005
08/01/2005 - 09/01/2005
09/01/2005 - 10/01/2005
10/01/2005 - 11/01/2005
11/01/2005 - 12/01/2005
12/01/2005 - 01/01/2006
01/01/2006 - 02/01/2006
02/01/2006 - 03/01/2006
03/01/2006 - 04/01/2006
04/01/2006 - 05/01/2006




square pegs
i don't blog
bek's blog
mike's kustom page
starfire
the lazy vegetarian (great recipes, even if you aren't vegetarian!)


skidamarinky
pickled lizards
each day counts
dd sez
marz unplugged
the world on a plate
the platypus society
scott-o-rama
howl at the moon
whiskey talking
medium large phill
greek goddess
a dose of xtessa
la uva
the life cycle of a fruit fly
occasional bitch
all @ sea

"demo reel"
the art of navel gazing practiced daily
random thoughts 
shit happens-a lifestyle
circle of jerks
adventures of a stay-at-home mom 
kill the goat
my wacked out world 
huh?
mysterious meander
live from redneck country 
distractions from work
annie's rambles
life in a silica shell


how you doin'?
not enough hours in the day
edgar & ellen
csi:crime scene equestrienne
what a long, strange trip it's been!

in the land of faerie
vryce
pocketlint
orange hair boy
the mc fairy
this cannot be true
the poop deck
the lord of the things
tim devine's disney photo blog
the blog of hohmann
just dropping by
my blogroll

i dream a little dream...of an update from these blogs.






i bent my wookie. -ralph wiggum



blogs by women blogroll
  
**join the blogroll







 these thoughts are mine. mine! my precious! please do not pass them off as your own. there is something called imagination. use it. if you still want to pass them off as your own, i question your choice of sources. 



here sits my collection of counters.why ask why.











who links here



this work is licensed under a creative commons license.







get awesome blog templates like this one from blogskins.com
