
old cardboard: vintage baseball cards











old cardboard website sponsor













home    
n-cards    d-cards    e-cards    f-cards    m-cards    r-cards    t-cards    w-cards    postcards    pins    game cards    foreign    others    











old cardboard sponsors 
(a directory of hobby leaders)
 auctioneers








   





if  you  have an interest in old baseball cards and the rich history that the cards represent,  then you've found the right place in cyberspace.   we hope that you enjoy the summaries and example card images for more than 500 different sets(all of them at least sixty years old) that we fondly refer to as "old cardboard."    







auction / show calendar

old cardboard  vintage store 

net54 forum


card sets  by year
hof rookiecard database	
articleindex
free emagazinesign-up


custom searches
vintage links 
referencelibrary
about oc 










 



























major hobby shows (with considerable vintage content)
















card graders and authenticators






















back issues of oc magazine

order back issues of oc magazine, dedicated to the vintage baseball card and memorabilia hobby. each magazine focuses exclusively on baseball card sets and memorabilia produced fifty years ago or longer.  "backpacks" of all 34 issues are also available.

 


advertise with oc

take advantage of a variety of programs to promote your business at old cardboard.  choose from banner ads on our website, eblast supplements with your content directed to more than 3500 vintage card collectors, or become a sponsor for our quarterly emagazine.  visit our ad rates page for full details.









home    
n-cards    d-cards    e-cards    f-cards    m-cards    r-cards    t-cards    w-cards    postcards    pins    game cards    foreign    others    



copyright 2003-2023.  suggestions and corrections from all viewers are always welcome and appreciated. 
please address your comments to editor@oldcardboard.com.  thank you for visiting.






