



home | lakehurst naval federal credit union
 













skip to main content





















online banking


username



password





login





register forgot password 











toggle navigation








home


contact us


office hours and holidays


contact information


email us




debit cards


dividend rates


fee schedule




loan services


rates


loan calculator


apply for a loan


loan policy




other services


visa










lakehurst naval federal credit union
  
become a membermembership is easy and forever. if you would like to become a member of lakehurst naval federal credit union, come in and complete a membership application card. once you become a member, you can always remain a member. as our member, you are not just another customer ... you are part of our family! our staff, board of directors and supervisory committee are dedicated to providing you with the personal, friendly service along with a variety of quality financial products and services. your family members are also eligible to join lnfcu. welcome to lakehurst naval federal credit union's website.we are here to serve the military and civil service employees (active or retired) of joint base mcguire dix lakehurst - lakehurst area - and their families. please send all questions and comments here. if you have any questions or concerns, you can also email our supervisory committee at lnfcusupcomm@eplinc.comwhat is a credit union?a credit union is a non-profit financial organization whose sole purpose for existing is to satisfy the financial needs of its members. however, unlike banks, credit unions are "member owned" and operated.all excess earnings are returned to a credit union's members in the form of lower interest rates on loans, higher yields on investment and saving accounts, or are invested into additional products and services.who is lakehurst naval federal credit union and who can join?originally chartered in 1952, currently lnfcu has more than 2600 members, if you currently work at navy lakehurst as one of the following, you are eligible to join: civilian employees of the department of defense, u.s. armed forces (active or retired) their dependents, employees of contractors, naval reserve personnel training at navy lakehurst, military recruiting personnel.membership is easy and forever.if you would like to become a member of lakehurst naval federal credit union, come in and complete a membership application card.once you become a member, you can always remain a member. as our member, you are not just another customer. our staff, board of directors and supervisory committee are dedicated to providing you with the personal, friendly service along with a variety of quality financial products and services.why should you join us?here are some of the services that you can enjoy when you become a member: savings account:your savings at lnfcu are called shares. this is because each member actually owns his/her "share" of the credit union. dividends on savings accounts are paid on the first $25.00 deposited. minimum balance required is $25.00. see fee schedule for possible related fees.student saver accounts:from birth to high school graduation, a child can earn interest from the first $5.00 deposited into this special account. please see our dividend page for our current rates. two withdrawals per year with no penalty then $3.00 per withdrawal thereafter.christmas club accounts:save for the holidays a little at a time with our christmas club account. the amount and terms of deposit are flexible and these accounts will help you enjoy the holidays more. christmas clubs run from november through october each year. minimum opening balance is $5.00. one withdrawal per year with no penalty then $5.00 per withdrawal thereafter.vacation club accounts:the dream vacation you need can actually become a reality with the help of lnfcu vacation club account. by saving on a regular basis, the money will be there when you're ready for your get away. minimum opening balance is $5.00. four withdrawals per year with no penalty then $5.00 per withdrawal thereafter.all purpose club accounts:you may desire to establish an all purpose club account for a special purchase or occasion. all purpose club accounts earn a competitive rate of interest. minimum balance required is $5.00. three withdrawals per year with no penalty then $5.00 per withdrawal thereafter.share certificates (cd's):these fixed rate, high yield investment accounts require a $500.00 minimum deposit. we offer certificates ranging from 6 months to 5 years. please see our dividend page for current rates.individual retirement accounts:save toward tomorrow's retirement, while you reduce tax dollars today. you may be able to take full advantage of this tax deduction. funds deposited into your ira will earn tax differed interest, even if your contribution is not fully deductible. available in regular ira savings accounts (minimum balance $100.00) or ira certificates (minimum balance $500.00). call lnfcu for current rates and terms.share draft (checking) accounts:our share draft (checking) account is designed with you in mind. this is a non-interest bearing account that provides many terrific features such as:no per-check chargeno per-transaction feeno monthly service charge$1.00 minimum balanceatm/debit cards – no withdrawal feecombine your lnfcu share draft (checking) account with direct deposit, payroll deduction, a lnfcu debit card and you have a checking account that just can't be beat.once signed up, you can also download our mobile app from your phone’s app store.  maintain and monitor your debit card activity through our mobimoney app!direct deposit:as a member of the credit union, you can arrange to have your military pay, social security, civil service, retirement and other recurring checks deposited directly into your account. this can save you time and provide fast access to your funds.remote deposit available through our mobile banking site.  take a picture of your check and it will be deposited the next business day.loans:a variety of loans are available to you as a member. these loans feature low interest rates and flexible repayment terms. we offer:new & used vehicle loansboat and rv loanspersonal loansshare / share certificate secured loansfor more details, see our loan services tab. first mortgage loans:for more information regarding current rates and application, contact lnfcu at 1-866-898-1818




 
 



  






your savings federally insured to at least $250,000 and backed by the full faith and credit of the united states government. national credit union administration, a u.s. government agency.to view our privacy policy click here









×close
external link warning


you are leaving the lakehurst naval federal credit union website.the website you are linking to is not operated by lakehurst naval federal credit union. we are not responsible for any content of information posted to this external web site.lakehurst naval federal credit union is not responsible for, nor do we represent you or the external web site if you enter into any agreements.privacy and security policies may differ between our web site and this external site.


cancel
continue










