



	affiliate marketing, credit card marketing - commissionsoup.com




































































who we are
services
affiliate enrollment
contact

sign in
					














performance based affiliate marketing network

cost per action
⁄ ⁄
exclusive offers
⁄ ⁄
data transparency







client login form

username



password




password recovery















who we are
commissionsoup is a division of bulldog media group, which is a leading performance marketing company that specializes in online customer acquisition for clients in the financial services industry. since 2000, we have focused on financial services digital marketing as our core niche. we take an innovative, strategic approach to our relationships, with the goal of delivering solutions that are tailored to meet each client’s needs. this approach has delivered long-lasting relationships and over one million new customers for our clients each year.

our team is comprised of digital marketing, technology, and business development professionals who are experts in driving new customer acquisition for our financial services partners through digital channels.

as a leading cost per action (cpa) affiliate network, commissionsoup cultivates optimal marketing relationships by providing qualified leads with transparent and scalable solutions. while we have always believed in the benefits of transparency and collaboration for the good of the whole, the consultation and expertise of our experienced teams have also driven the results our clients have obtained over the years.

it’s important to make the most of your marketing efforts and finding the right placements for the right programs is essential. our knowledgeable account representatives coordinate with each affiliate to create a specialized marketing plan for their platforms. by utilizing our tracking options and learning where programs are performing best, you can concentrate your marketing efforts to optimize your time and increase your profitability.


what’s happening





join bmg at cardcon 2025  in san antonio, tx!
may 6–8, 2025





san antonio, tx




cardcon '25 (the conference for credit cards & consumer credit media) will be held at the san antonio marriott rivercenter on the river walk, in san antonio, tx — may 6-8th. we will again be sponsoring the meet the speaker lounge. reach out to shayna, erin, scot or darin if you'd like to chat about how bmg can work in your space.


read more








we're headed to lead generation world in '25
january 5–7, 2025





hollywood, fl




our ceo/co-founder. darin namken, will be attending lead generation world, january 5-7th 2025, at the hard rock hotel in hollywood, fl! reach out to set up a time to meet and discuss lead generation!


read more








meet us in vegas for affiliate summit west!
february 3–5, 2025





las vegas, nv




bulldog media group (bmg) will again be attending the affiliate summit west in las vegas in february! our booth at the meet market is table #1446. please reach out to any member of our sales team to schedule a meeting or stop by! see you soon!


read more








meet up with the bmg team in nyc for affiliate summit east '24!
july 29–30, 2024





new york city, ny




join us at affiliate summit east 2024, hosted at the new york marriott marquis on july 29-30th. you can find us at meet market table #1802. if you're involved in affiliate marketing and believe we could collaborate effectively, we'd love to connect. stop by our booth or reach out to us. we look forward to seeing you there!


read more




view all happenings



some clients we work with




































































privacy policy | anti-spam policy | terms of use | faq | site map
© 2000–2025 bulldog media group. all rights reserved.


















































































