











the oaks golf course









































































 



























membership
tee times & specials

0 items
  
 
 











golf

golf course
tee times & specials
membership
leagues
indoor golf simulator
course design
calendar of events
latest news


instruction

pga golf professionals
lessons
junior golf lessons
performance center
fitting and repairs


outings
weddings & events

weddings & events
fees & faqs


dining
shop

the golf shop
online store


contact

contact us
employment opportunities
valued partners


 


select page


  
 



 



 










bring your game

to the oaks golf course

a welcoming experience for golfersof all skill levels in southern wisconsin.

book a tee time

book a simulator tee time













a love of the land turned farmland into top-tier golf
meet the blaska family — generations of dairy and crop farmers who turned their ancestors’ 168-acre farm into the beautiful golf course we now know as the oaks.
the only thing more impressive than the par-71 public course is the dedicated staff who make the oaks a welcoming and enjoyable place for all visitors!
 









tee times
tee off at the oaks

book one now





events
outings, company parties and more

schedule your event





weddings
event experiences unlike any other

plan your wedding













an unparalleled golf experience, family-owned & operated
with our public course playing 5,615 to 6,763 yards, the oaks is a welcoming experience for golfers of all skill levels. conveniently located east of madison along i-94, we’re perfect for the beginner, scratch golfer, outing participant or anyone who appreciates an exciting, enjoyable round.
our course architect, greg martin, has a simple aim when it comes to his designs. he looks to give golfers a fair round while placing them in the most pristine natural setting possible. the oaks golf course in cottage grove, wisconsin, is a testament to his unique talents and flair.
the oaks team is so committed to providing an unparalleled golf experience that we give you our 94.4% weather guarantee! if you have to abandon your round before teeing off on hole 18, we will refund you 100% of the greens fees paid in the form of a rain check.










outstanding events await at the oaks
our unique indoor/outdoor event center provides a beautiful backdrop for events of any kind. with our 6,300-square-foot tent, you can comfortably entertain guests while offering them stunning views of the golf course. plus, all events come with a fully-trained (and licensed) staff that is well-versed on the importance of executing your plans without a hitch.

book your event















book a tee time



 










the oaks golf course
4740 pierceville road
 cottage grove, wi 53527
(608) 837-4774

followfollowfollow









tee times & specials
weddings & events
contact us
careers
shop online







© 2025 the oaks golf course



 




































