













  













home












































customer loginhomehomecontact usaboutthe truth about yogaphysical benefitstestimoniesabout dr. laurettetaste of praisemoves (videos)faqblogan invitationclassesunited statescanadaworldwideonline classesinstructor traininginstructor certificationadditional certificationsbecome a certified health coachresourcesweightloss without willpower sisterhoodfree weightloss coaching sessionchristian life coachingfree breakthrough session w/dr. laurettefree christian meditation kitbelieve you receive podcastbecome a certified health coachpowermoves kids character ed. + fitnessstore


















welcome to praisemoves!transform your workouts into worship!our goal at praisemoves is to help you become a fit witness for christ in spirit, soul, and body.
welcome to praisemoves!transform your workouts into worship!our goal at praisemoves is to help you become a fit witness for christ in spirit, soul, and body.










word-infused workoutsuncompromising christian fitness at its finest.why a christian alternative to yoga?learn why yoga & christianty don't mix






word-infused workoutsuncompromising christian fitness at its finest.why a christian alternative to yoga?learn why yoga & christianty don't mix



free ebook!
free ebook!



physical benefits of praisemovespraisemoves helps to improve flexibility. flexibility refers to the ease with which one may move a joint through a specific range of motion. the greater one's flexibility, the greater the range of motion a joint can move through. tight muscles make many tasks difficult. by keeping the body flexible, many daily tasks such as bending and lifting are much easier.






physical benefitsof praisemovespraisemoves helps to improve flexibility. flexibility refers to the ease with which one may move a joint through a specific range of motion. the greater one's flexibility, the greater the range of motion a joint can move through. tight muscles make many tasks difficult. by keeping the body flexible, many daily tasks such as bending and lifting are much easier.



founder of praisemovesdr. laurette willisdr. laurette willis founded praisemoves fitness ministry in 2001 and has been certifying praisemoves instructors around the world since 2005.she has helped countless thousands of people become “fit witnesses for christ in spirit, soul, and body” since praisemoves' inception in 2001.as a keynote speaker and author with harvest house publishers and destiny image, dr. willis has spoken internationally and has produced fitness dvds, books, and tv shows, as well as trained hundreds of certified praisemoves instructors around the world.



praisemoves (“the christian alternative to yoga”) offers christian fitness workouts, as well as online and in-person classes by certified praisemoves instructors (cpis) on six continents.certified praisemoves instructor training is offered to equip women and men for fitness ministry. praisemoves certification training comes first, and then cpis can apply for additional certifications including praisemoves gold (to teach seniors & limited mobility), praisekicks   (kickboxing with the word), praisewaves (aqua praisemoves), mira! (called “the christian alternative to zumba!”), l.i.f.t. (laughter-in-fitness-training), praisebarre (high-intensity, low-impact barre + praise), hiphop2scripture (chill hiphop moves to scripture), power praisemoves, and our newest certification, praiselates (praise-infused pilates).






founder of praisemovesdr. laurette willisdr. laurette willis founded praisemoves fitness ministry in 2001 and has been certifying praisemoves instructors around the world since 2005.she has helped countless thousands of people become “fit witnesses for christ in spirit, soul, and body” since praisemoves' inception in 2001.as a keynote speaker and author with harvest house publishers and destiny image, dr. willis has spoken internationally and has produced fitness dvds, books, and tv shows, as well as trained hundreds of certified praisemoves instructors around the world.praisemoves (“the christian alternative to yoga”) offers christian fitness workouts, as well as online and in-person classes by certified praisemoves instructors (cpis) on six continents.certified praisemoves instructor training is offered to equip women and men for fitness ministry. praisemoves certification training comes first, and then cpis can apply for additional certifications including praisemoves gold (to teach seniors & limited mobility), praisekicks   (kickboxing with the word), praisewaves (aqua praisemoves), mira! (called “the christian alternative to zumba!”), l.i.f.t. (laughter-in-fitness-training), praisebarre (high-intensity, low-impact barre + praise), hiphop2scripture (chill hiphop moves to scripture), power praisemoves, and our newest certification, praiselates (praise-infused pilates).






take a praisemoves classexperience the difference for yourself!we offer in-person and virtual workouts around the world,from our world-class instructors!learn more






take a praisemoves classexperience the difference for yourself!we offer in-person and virtual workouts around the world, from our world-class instructors!learn more



our benefitspraisemoves includes...over 150 postureseach one has a related scripture to help you memorize the word of god as you refresh your body and are transformed by renewing your mind on the word of the living god (romans 12:2).live classes held globallywe have trained certified praisemoves instructors offering in-person and live online classes all over the world!library of online workoutsyou can purchase classes for adults, children, seniors, and those who are athletic or just starting out.
our benefitspraisemoves includes...over 150 postureseach one has a related scripture to help you memorize the word of god as you refresh your body and are transformed by renewing your mind on the word of the living god (romans 12:2).live classes held globallywe have trained certified praisemoves instructors offering in-person and live online classes all over the world!library of online workoutsyou can purchase classes for adults, children, seniors, and those who are athletic or just starting out.



join the mission!become a certified praisemoves instructoryou can start your own fitness ministry.we walk you through every single step!learn more






join the mission!become a certified praisemoves instructoryou can start your own fitness ministry. we walk you through every single step!learn more










be in the know with our blogs!we shall not be movedwill you be my (martyred saint) valentine?the 1% level-upread postread postread post


become a certified health coachwith a biblical worldviewanswer the lord's callingwithout the hefty expense or getting entangled in the new age/metaphysical trends that saturate many chc trainings.learn more






become a certified health coach with a biblical worldviewanswer the lord's calling without the hefty expense or getting entangled in the  new age/metaphysical trends that saturate many chc trainings.learn more










have a comment?have a testimony?share your feedback here!



        contact uscopyright © praisemoves fitness ministry since 2001


have a comment?have a testimony?share your feedback here!



        contact uscopyright © praisemoves fitness ministry since 2001















×
dr. laurette willis

        usa info@praisemoves.com













please select
usaaustraliacanadasingaporeafghanistanalbaniaalgeriaamerican samoaandorraangolaanguillaantarcticaantigua and barbudaargentinaarmeniaarubaaustriaazerbaidjanbahamasbahrainbangladeshbarbadosbelarusbelgiumbelizebeninbermudabhutanboliviabosnia-herzegovinabotswanabouvet islandbrazilbritish indian ocean territorybruneibulgariaburkina fasoburundicambodiacamerooncanary islandscape verdecayman islandscentral african republicchadchilechinachristmas islandcocos (keeling) islandscolombiacomoroscongocongo, the democratic republic of thecook islandscosta ricacroatiacubacyprusczech republicdenmarkdjiboutidominicadominican republiceast timorecuadoregyptel salvadorequatorial guineaeritreaestoniaethiopiafalkland islandsfaroe islandsfiji islandsfinlandfrancefrench guyanafrench polynesiafrench southern territoriesgabongambiageorgiagermanyghanagibraltargreecegreenlandgrenadaguadeloupeguamguatemalaguineaguinea-bissauguyanahaitiheard and mcdonald islandsholy see (vatican city state)hondurashong konghungaryicelandindiaindonesiairaniraqirelandisraelitalyivory coastjamaicajapanjerseyjordankazakhstankenyakiribatikoreakosovokuwaitkyrgyzstanlao peoples democratic republiclatvialebanonlesotholiberialibyan arab jamahiriyaliechtensteinlithuanialuxembourgmacaumacedoniamadagascarmalawimalaysiamaldivesmalimaltamarshall islandsmartiniquemauritaniamauritiusmayottemexicomicronesiamoldova, republic ofmonacomongoliamontenegromontserratmoroccomozambiquemyanmarnambianaurunepalnetherlandsnetherlands antillesnew caledonianew zealandnicaraguanigernigerianiuenorfolk islandnorthern mariana islandsnorwayomanpakistanpalaupanamapaupau new guineaparaguayperuphilippinespitcairnpolandportugalpuerto ricoqatarreunionromaniarussiarwandasaint kitts and nevissaint luciasaint vincent and the grenadinessamoasan marinosao tome and principesaudi arabiasenegalserbiaseychellessierra leoneslovakiasloveniasolomon islandssomaliasouth africasouth georgia and the south sandwich islandsspainsrilankast. helenast. pierre and miquelonsudansurinamesvalbard and jan mayen islandsswazilandswedenswitzerlandsyrian arab republictaiwantajikistantanzaniathailandtogotokelautongatrinidad and tobagotunisiaturkmenistanturks and caicos islandstuvaluugandaukraineunited arab emiratesunited kingdomunited states minor outlying islandsuruguayuzbekistanvanuatuvenezuelavietnamvirgin islands (british)virgin islands (us)wallis and futuna islandswestern saharayemenzambiazimbabwe 








                                                        contact me by
                                                    


email


text




send message


































