
dentist in denver, co - cosmetic dentistry | barotz dental  dentalemergencyfree informationalreportcontactcall us now  denver(720) 573-1500  
 request anappointmenthome 

aboutoverview meet dr. barotz meet dr. stark meet the team what sets us apart high tech dentistry dr. barotz in the media blog
 

our servicesoverview emergency dentistry lanap laser gum therapy pinhole surgical technique cosmetic dentistry dental implants restorative dentistry no fear sedation dentistry
 

patientsnew patient paperwork free info reports homecare instructions aftercare instructions
 smile gallery 

resourcesnew patient paperwork free info reports homecare instructions aftercare instructions faqs payment options
 

contact usoffice info request appointment

                         denver(720) 573-1500               total dentalsolutionsfor implant, cosmetic, sedation, and emergency dentistryfree consultationcall now      
your one-stopsolution in denverthe doctors at barotz dental are the comprehensive dental experts you have been looking for to get the smile of your dreams. at barotz dental, we can complete your care in a fraction of the time of other offices because we will not refer you out. we diagnose, plan and handle all aspects of your care in two convenient locations.meet dr. barotzwhat sets us apartdr. barotz's recent appearance on
nbc's colorado& companydenver’s nbc affiliate, kusa, had dr. barotz on their popular morning program to discuss how barotz dental is able help people from all across the region, especially those who feel there is no more hope. watch as dr. barotz describes how he is able to solve the most complex dental problems and how the latest technology is revolutionizing dentistry as we know it!what we offer
featured  services implant toothreplacementdr. barotz has performed thousands of dental implant surgeries to date, and is considered an expert and leader in the dental implantology field by his peers.[link]revolutionlaser therapyto save teeth(lanap)dr. barotz's state-of-the-art lanap™ (laser assisted new attachment procedure) treatment provides rapid, safe and nearly pain free gum treatment.[link]cosmeticdentistryhe was the first dentist to bring porcelain veneers to denver and he has remained dedicated to offering the newest, state-of-the-art cosmetic procedures to his patients.[link]view all servicesdental implantslinkcosmetic dentistrylinksuperfast invisalign®linkdrop deadgorgeous dentureslinklanap laser gum therapylinkdental sedationlinksame day crownslinkpinhole techniquefor gum recessionlinkour blog prf (platelet-rich fibrin) and its role in minimizing post-operative discomfort after dental proceduresposted 01/09/2025read more[link]how dental bonding can fix common smile imperfectionsposted 01/09/2025read more[link]dental implants: restoring more than function, comfort, and confidenceposted 02/09/2025read more[link]read more blogstestimonials
hear why our patients love us”  doctor barotz and his staff are the best. their professional and kind way of taking care of your needs is consistent and always well done. i have become more healthy both physically and mentally. thank you doctor barotz for changing my life in a positive way!chris l.
view all reviewsfrom day one this talented group of caring people made me feel a part of the family. now hopefully i will see them for just routine cleaning, or if i’m downtown i’ll drop in to say ‘hi.’karen c.
view all reviewsfor someone who always wanted a beautiful smile, i am extremely excited every day i am now able to show mine. i am very thankful for your patience and perseverance in the outstanding efforts and workmanship you performed on my new teeth.john g.
view all reviews    linkcontact us
how can we make you smile today?         thank you! we will connect with you shortly. you are missing required fields. dynamic error description there was an error processing this form.    quick linksdental implants lanap cosmetic dentistry services about us contact us blog
       contact infoaddress:303 16th street mall suite 250denver, colorado 80202  phone number:(720) 573-1500 hours of operationmonday 8:00 am - 5:00 pmtuesday 8:00 am - 5:00 pmwednesday 8:00 am - 5:00 pmthursday 8:00 am - 5:00 pmfriday 8:00 am - 5:00 pmsaturday closed​​​​​​​sunday closed© 2025 barotz dental total dental solutions. ​all rights reserved. accessibility statement - privacy policy - sitemappowered by        × login        forgot password? or   sign in with facebook sign in with google                looking to create an account ?   already have an account? login         × save search                   × saved searches                 × modal title   one fine body…   close save changes        × update profile       email     name     password     confirm password              
