








rx for sanity – educating about health with creativity, joy & laughter









































































































toggle search form






search for:






 








toggle navigation





                                                            rx for sanity                                                    


welcome
about dr raymond
speaking topics
meeting planners 

past clients
ceus
sponsorship letter


contact us
a gift from dr pat






























































previous



next





			welcome			        








want new energy, enthusiasm, and humor in your healthcare career?
if you’re the usual healthcare professional (”hcp”, pronounced hiccup), you’re searching for two things:

how to rekindle your passion and enjoyment in your healthcare calling.
how to find time to care for yourself & your family first.

in short, results.  some of our prescriptions are free, some cost.  all work.
fill your prescription today. take your rx for sanity!
whose fault is it when your nursing staff leaves?
frankly, it’s often yours (and i’m reasonably certain that you’re a nice person…). you didn’t see it coming, but it’s often subtle. you didn’t perceive the lack of bounce in a step or smile in the eyes of your staff.  the progressively shabby teamwork. a physician no one wants to work with. look around you. do you provide your staff the tools and techniques they need to restore their passion for their career?
how much is ‘staff burnout’ costing your hospital?
the american hospital association estimates the cost of replacing one staff nurse equals the annual salary for that nurse. at a median annual salary of $65,000 per rn, it adds up to an expensive problem for your hospital, and your patients.  what’s your staff vacancy rate? how much are agency nurses and overtime costing you?
when magnet hospitals decide to ensure staff retention, this is what they do.
magnet designation focuses promoting quality care in a milieu that supports professional practice. is your hospital happy and healthy? have you taken the temperature of your milieu? is all well, or are there some vague unhappy rumblings?
it’s your choice: $65,000 to recruit & train a new nurse, or retain the great staff you’ve got.
poke through our website, and think about your staff’s needs.
don’t apply a temporary tourniquet to your staff’s dis-ease; together let’s cure your hospital’s issues. call me or email, and we’ll talk about how i may be of service to you and to organization!






permanent link to this article: http://rxforsanity.com/


what they’re saying about dr. pat raymond & rx for sanity nurses
“real world examples, real responses, real solutions...gives practical unique techniques to use in the workplace to encourage positive changes and morale.”~  rn cgrn, virginia
“made me excited about nursing again, and made me realize how important it is to take care of myself.”~ staff nurse, georgia 

she explains a very serious subject in a way that brings laughter and a feeling of relief. i have a feeling of hope...i think i’ll stay in the nursing profession.”~ rn, pennsylvania
physicians
‘invigorating and re-invigorating.”
~  general surgeon

“dr. raymond is one of us. (she) presented a well-balanced approach for helping physicians on a daily basis.”~  pathologist
administrators
“really hit the points we wanted to stress with our medical staff with our service excellence program...couldn’t come at a better time.”
~ executive vice president

“dr. raymond reminds us that if you focus on your employees today, you will have crowds of people lining up to work for you tomorrow.”
~ human resources

“...a wonderful combination of helpful information that was delivered with humor. (dr. raymond) was able to directly relate to the audience.”~  operations manager
on hospital civility
“this issue is on everyone's mind, but seems to be "the elephant in the room that no one talks about." thanks (to) your suggestions and good humor, i have vowed to address aggressive behavior on the spot and not stew about it.” ~ls rn

 “practical suggestions on civility. dr. raymond is a dynamic, thought-provoking and informative speaker, (who) delivers serious content in a humorous, non- threatening manner.” ~cs, rn cgrn

“(rude behavior in health care) is an epidemic. (you) motivated me to start to change my unit, you gave me the tools. we need to nurture our peers.”  ~anonymous
stuff stuff

more text 






© 2016 rx for sanity
po box 8684
norfolk va 23503-8684
plraymondatrxforsanitydotcom



                                                        made with  by graphene themes.                        









