





ice skating international: online





since 1995 - the electronic magazine of competitive ice skating






home


archive


photos


slideshows


database


links




follow us on our youtube channel -
subscribe













 

the big picture




		amber glenn, 2024 u.s. nationals






isu championship allotments for 2024/25 and later
	season 2024/25 figure skating

december 5 - 8, 2024 - isu grand prix final, grenoble, fra


january 20 - 26, 2025 - isu european figure skating championships, zagreb, cro
feb 18 - feb 23, 2025 - isu four continents figure skating championships, seoul, kor
february 24 - march 2, 2025 - isu world junior figure skating championships, debrecen, hun
march 24 - 30, 2025 - isu world figure skating championships, boston, ma, usa
april 4 - 5, 2025 - isu world synchronized skating championships, tampere, fin

season 2025/26 figure skating

january 12 - 18, 2026 - isu european figure skating championships, sheffield gbr
january 19 - 24, 2026 - isu four continents figure skating championships, beijing, chn
march 02 - 08, 2026 - isu world junior figure skating championships, 
				tallin, est
march 23 - 29, 2026 - isu world figure skating championships, prague, cze
april 10 - 11, 2026 - isu world synchronized skating championships, salzburg, aut

season 2026/27 figure skating
to be decided after january 15, 2025

january, 2027 - isu european figure skating championships, tbd
january, 2027 - isu four continents figure skating championships, 
				tbd
march, 2027 - isu world junior figure skating championships, tbd
march, 2027 -  isu world figure skating championships, tbd
april, 2027 - isu world synchronized skating championships, tbd


recent competition reports
skate america preview
skate america
skate canada
grand prix de france
nhk trophy
grand prix finlandia trophy
cup of china
past video interviews on youtube
interview with isabeau levito
interview with ilia malinin
interview with adam siao him fa
interview with amber glenn
interview with keegan messing
interview with sophia baram and daniel tioumentsev, 2023 world junior pair champions
interview with emily chan and spencer howe
interview with laurence fournier beaudry and nikolaj soerensen
interview with nikolaj memola, 2022 junior grand prix men's champion
interview with madison chock and evan bates
interview with ilia malinin
interview with alexa knierim and brandon frazier, 2022 world pairs champions
interview with loena hendrickx, belgian women's champion, 2022 world silver medalist and 2022 grand prix de france gold medalist
interview with piper gilles and paul poirier, canadian ice dance champions, 2022 skate canada gold medalists
interview with deanna stellato-dudek and maxime deschamps, canadian pairs skaters, 2022 skate america silver medalists
interview with lilah fear and lewis gibson, british ice dance champions
interview with caroline green and michael parsons, 2022 four continents ice dance champions
interview with charlene guignard and marco fabbri, italian ice dance champions



  in the news



dick button, legendary statesman of figure 
				skating, passes away at 95by liz leamydick button, the sport’s legendary statesman, passed away on thursday, january 30, 
				2025 at	the age of 95 at his home in north salem, new york. 
born on july 18, 1929 in 
				englewood, new jersey, button was both a pioneer and icon of the 
				sport, having been a two-time olympic gold medalist, in 1948 and 
				1952, five-time world champion and seven-time u.s. titlist; and 
				during his post-olympic career also one of figure skating’s 
				most prolific, influential and impactful media analysts, having built a remarkable career that 
				spanned nearly six decades from the 1960s through to the 2010s.an influential and inspirational 
				presence of the sport, button first began skating as a youngster 
				in englewood, new jersey, where he was raised by his parents, 
				george and evelyn button.
at age 12, after allegedly having overheard 
				at a rink that he didn’t have the ‘right stuff’ to make it in 
				skating, his father subsequently responded in turn by helping 
				button make a life-changing move to lake placid, the storied 
				upstate new york olympic village where he began training with 
				gus lussi, the famed olympic and world coach who taught dorothy 
				hamill, among other luminaries and immediately began to 
				flourish.
button, who went on to work with lussi throughout his storied skating career, also made sports history 
				by being the first athlete to execute a double axel and triple 
				jump (loop) in competition, while he also invented the 
				flying camel.

					other achievements include: first skater to land a jump 
					combination of three doubles; first male skater to 
					perform the camel 
					spin and inventor of the flying camel 
					spin; the only american to win the european 
					title [following his win, the rules were changed to limit 
					entries to europeans only]; first american to become world 
					champion; first american to become the olympic men's 
					champion; only american to win back-to-back olympic championships in figure skating; only male 
					skater to simultaneously hold the national, north american, 
					european, world and olympic titles [in 1948]; youngest man 
					to win the olympic title in figure skating, at age 18.
during his competitive run, button’s 
				biggest rival was hans gerschwiler of switzerland, the 1948 
				olympic silver medalist with whom he ran neck and neck at most 
				international events, particularly in the school figures portion 
				of competition. years later, gerschwiler, who passed in 2017, 
				moved to the u.s., where he settled with his wife and family in 
				northern new jersey, the same area where button was born and had 
				grown up.  there gerschwiler went on to build a stellar 
				contingent of eastern sectional, national and globally ranked 
				competitors during the 1970s and 1980s.
during his skating career, button 
				represented the philadelphia skating club and humane society and 
				the skating club of boston, both organizations of 
				whom he would always speak about with gratitude, appreciation 
				and reverence.
in 1952, button earned a degree from 
				harvard college, which he attended full time during the same 
				period he trained at the skating club of boston.
in 1956, he completed a bachelor of laws 
				degree at harvard law school and was then admitted to the bar in 
				the district of colombia.
in the 1960s, button began his remarkable 
				pursuit as a figure skating sports analyst, where he soon 
				emerged to become one of the sport’s most vital, trusted and 
				informative commentators/narrators based upon his interesting 
				and illuminating insights in which his infectious and zealous 
				love for skating always transmitted through his narration.
during his career as an analyst, button 
				covered dozens of u.s. national, world, olympic and other 
				international competitions.
for decades, he served as an analyst for 
				abc television, the media organization with whom he 
				worked with through to 2008.
during this time, button covered such 
				life-changing events as the 1961 u.s. championships with the 
				u.s. team members who, several months later, tragically 
				perished in the plane crash headed to worlds in prague from idlewild (now jfk) airport in new york city to brussels airport 
				in belgium; peggy fleming capturing the gold medal at the 1968 
				olympics in grenoble, france; janet lynn, the 1972 olympic 
				bronze medalist’s history-making performances of the early 
				1970s; the 1974 world championships in germany where dorothy 
				hamill, the 1976 olympic champion, thought she was being booed 
				by the crowd (only to learn a short while later they had been 
				reacting to the scores of the skater who had just gone before 
				her) to skate a benchmark performance and clinch silver; tai 
				babilonia and randy gardner’s gold-medal winning world 
				championship free skate in 1979 and scott hamilton’s and brian 
				boitano’s incredible olympic winning performances in 1984 and 
				1988, among other historic moments that helped 
				propel the popularity the sport into a whole stratosphere of 
				its own in terms of contemporary culture. 
at the same time, button had worked as an 
				analyst for nbc and espn during the 2000s and 2010s, covering 
				u.s. national, world, olympic and international events that 
				featured the likes of michelle kwan, the two-time olympic 
				medalist, five-time world champion and nine-time u.s. titlist 
				and so many other premier american and world contenders.
during his post-competitive career, button 
				was involved in many successful business projects, 
				including the penning his best-selling book, ‘push dick’s 
				button: a conversation on skating from a good part of last 
				century-and a little tomfoolery,” in 2013.
as founder of candid productions, a leader in the 
				professional skating industry, he created made-for-television 
				sports events, such as the world professional figure skating 
				championships, challenge of champions, and dorothy 
				hamill specials for hbo.  as an actor, button appeared in 
				such films as "the young doctors" and "the bad news bears go to 
				japan." he also appeared in television roles.
button was inducted into the world figure 
				skating hall of fame in 1976 and the sports broadcasting hall of 
				fame in 2015.
button, who lived in new york city as well 
				as in north salem, was married to slavka kohout button, the 
				respected olympic and world coach, in 1975, with whom they had 
				two children, emily and edward.  although the couple divorced, they remained 
				good friends until kohout button’s passing in march 2024.
button is survived by his devoted longtime 
				partner, dennis grimaldi, as well as his two children.
for the figure skating community and so 
				many others around the u.s. and the world, button’s 
				presence most certainly will be missed in a massive way, that is 
				for certain.
two anecdotes from the editor: despite his legendary 
				status, button was approachable and down to earth. on his 
				broadcasts button would appear on camera in tuxedo jacket, white 
				shirt and bowtie.  at one of my early u.s. nationals as a 
				photographer, i found myself backstage behind the broadcast 
				platform while button was doing a standup with peggy flemming.  
				on camera he was in formal wear from the waist up.  below 
				that, though, were jeans and comfortable shoes.  how i wish 
				now i could find that picture.
at the 2010 winter olympics in vancouver, at one session 
				i found myself watching practices together with button.  we 
				were next to the vip section where the so-called "skating 
				family" had their special seating.  dick went over to the 
				section to say hello to some friends he saw but he came back 
				quickly.  he did not have the right credential to enter the 
				vip section and was told by the usher he could not enter, as 
				that section was only for the skating family.  dick 
				remarked gently that he was a member of the skating family, but 
				the usher was having none of it and sent him away.  the 
				usher had no clue who he was talking to, while dick took it in 
				good humor.



evgenia shishkova and vadim naumov, a 
				tribute

by lynn rutherford
a thing of beauty is a joy for ever:its loveliness increases; it will neverpass into nothingness    john keats
evgenia “genia” 
				shishkova (12/18/72-1/29/25) and vadim naumov (4/7/69-1/29/25), 
				both born in what was then leningrad, now saint petersburg, 
				russia, were among the 60 passengers and four crew on board
				american airlines 5342 when it collided with a u.s. army 
				helicopter, exploded on impact and plunged into the potomac 
				river near reagan national airport. their son, maxim “max” 
				naumov, fourth in the u.s. senior men’s division for three years 
				running, survives.
the couple, who married in the summer of 1995, won the 1994 
				world pair title. for nearly three decades, they lived and 
				taught figure skating in connecticut and massachusetts. they, 
				along with their students jinna han, 13, and spencer lane, 16, 
				had participated in u.s. figure skating’s national development 
				camp held in wichita, kansas following the 2025 u.s. 
				championships. 


vadim naumov and maxim naumov at 
				2025 u.s. nationals.
just three days before their deaths, max -- who always seems to 
				save his best performances for nationals -- pulled up from 
				seventh after the short program in wichita to fourth overall 
				with a solid free skate including two triple axels. the couple’s 
				last public words are forever memorialized on instagram:
"once again, 
				maxim made us all proud, getting on to the podium at nationals 
				after 7th place in the short. this beautiful and emotional 
				performance is a result of a team work. huge thanks to serhii 
				and irina vaypan and of course to adam blake for his wonderful 
				choreography of a classic! maxim has earned his place in the 
				team of 4 continents."
i’m glad genia and vadim were able to reach out to max one final 
				time. in 30 years of attending the u.s. championships, most 
				often as a member of the media, the purest, most joyful reaction 
				from a skater and coach i ever witnessed was max and vadim 
				embracing after they learned he had won the 2017 men’s novice 
				title.
fitting, too, that genia and vadim 
				included their colleagues at skating club of boston. raised in 
				the saint petersburg style with a career-long coach, lyudmila 
				velikova, they prized artistic and technical contributions from 
				others. by all accounts, they were strict and disciplined with 
				students, but also giving and kind.
"(they) just had a really profound impact on the club," blake 
				told wcvb5 in boston. “not only that, they were just really, 
				really wonderful people …. with as much work they put in as 
				athletes to become world champions, they put in just as much 
				work to inspire young athletes of the future."
after news of the crash hit the 
				internet late on wednesday and a friend confirmed that shishkova 
				and naumov were aboard the doomed flight, i spent half the night 
				revisiting their competitive career on youtube. judging from the 
				many posts grieving their loss and reaching out to max, i had a 
				lot of company.
there was so much to appreciate: 
				their quick, light movements. inventive lifts, including one 
				with a flip-up entrance. uncanny unison in side-by-side spins. 
				superb spiral sequences, then a required element in the pairs’ 
				short program.  and, 
				of course, what canadian commentators called “that russian 
				speed.”
“doesn’t (shishkova) remind you of 
				ludmila belousova protopopov?” dick button said during their free skate 
				at the 1996 world championships in edmonton, alberta, comparing 
				genia to the elegant two-time olympic pairs champion. “petite, 
				gentle, quiet, very blonde, very stretched.”
skating to classics including johann 
				strauss’ die fledermaus and schubert’s unfinished 
				symphony, with choreography straight out of the mariinsky 
				ballet, rarely was either skater caught in anything less than 
				impeccable position. naumov treated his partner with sensitivity 
				and respect, lifting her with ease and setting her down gently.
but for all of their success, which 
				included three national titles, five european championship 
				medals and a win at the 1995/96 isu champions series final, 
				shishkova and naumov were unlucky and, i think, under 
				appreciated.
after placing fifth at the 1992 
				albertville olympics, it was expected they would ascend to the 
				top of the russian pairs’ ladder and compete for olympic gold in 
				lillehammer in 1994. instead, two all-time great pairs – the 
				supremely romantic katia gordeeva and sergei grinkov, and the 
				flamboyant natalia mishkutionok and artur dmitriev – reinstated, 
				and took gold and silver at those games. shishkova and naumov 
				were edged out for bronze, losing a 5-4 judges’ split to 
				isabelle brasseur and lloyd eisler of canada.
at the 1996 world championships in 
				edmonton, alberta, the pair sat third entering the free after 
				shishkova fell on a triple toe loop in the short. they sparkled 
				in their free skate to minkus’ don quixote, flying around 
				the ice, their only flaw being a two-footed and under-rotated 
				triple toe from shishkova. when the nine judges’ marks were 
				tallied, they had four first-place ordinals, plus a third place 
				and four fourth places. two teams ahead of them also had errors, 
				but somehow, shishkova and naumov placed fourth, off of the 
				podium.
i still remember the confused gasps 
				from the knowledgeable edmonton crowd when the placements 
				flashed up on the jumbotron. on the abc broadcast button was as 
				puzzled as everyone else, saying, “oh! i thought, with that one 
				exception, they were a rather brilliant pair.”
after that, their career lost steam. 
				the following season, they placed fifth at the european 
				championships, off of the podium for the first time. in 1998, 
				they were not selected for russia’s european or olympic team, 
				and they retired from competition.
in the 1990’s aftermath of the 
				collapse of the soviet union, opportunities in their hometown of 
				saint petersburg were scarce. they settled into coaching jobs at 
				the international skating center in simsbury, connecticut, where 
				naumov was director of figure skating from 2011-2016. among 
				their students was future u.s. and world pairs champion alexa 
				knierim, whom they introduced to the pairs discipline in 2010.
"they made a positive impact on me as well as everyone in the 
				skating world," knierim told chicago abc7. "everybody adored 
				them. they were a very kind loving couple."
in 2017, they moved to skating club of boston, where they 
				continued to inspire and teach the next generation of u.s. 
				figure skaters. their skill was evident in the rapid ascension 
				of lane, who began skating just three years ago and was already 
				intermediate men’s champion of the eastern section.
“he had all of his triples, and not just that, but this natural 
				grace and beauty and understanding of ice and speed and his 
				positions were just so gorgeous,” ellen schran, a choreographer 
				and daughter of 1956 olympic champion tenley albright, told 
				reporters.
by melancholy coincidence, skating club of boston lost five 
				skaters, plus several coaches, officials and family members, in 
				the 1961 crash of sabena flight 548 on its way to the world 
				championships in prague. the club’s magnificent facility in 
				norwood features a permanent memorial to those souls. doug 
				zeghibe, ceo and executive director of scob, said shishkova and 
				naumov, as well as lane, han and their mothers christine lane 
				and jin han, who also perished, will be similarly honored.
“skating is a very close 
				and tight knit community,” zeghibe told boston.com. “these kids 
				and their parents, they’re here at our facility in norwood six, 
				sometimes seven days a week. it’s a close, tight bond. and i 
				think for all of us, we have lost family.”
button, the two-time olympic 
				champion and longtime dean of figure skating commentary, also 
				died on or about january 29th at age 95. i like to 
				imagine that, as genia and vadim ascended to paradise 
				hand-in-hand, button was nearby, saying, 'oh, that judging in 
				edmonton was absolutely unnecessary and uncalled for. really 
				second-rate. you should have won.'



ilia malinin interview




2025 u.s. national championships
wichita, ks
20 - 26 january 2025
malinin scores triumphant third consecutive u.s. title  
by liz leamy 

ilia malinin, the 2024 world champion, 2023 
				world bronze medalist, isu grand prix final victor in 2023-24 
				and 2024-25, two-time u.s. titlist in 2023 and 2024 and 2022 
				u.s. silver medalist, laid down the proverbial golden hammer in 
				characteristic style as he triumphantly claimed his third 
				consecutive u.s. title at the u.s. championships this week.
malinin, who was also a resolute first in 
				the short program at this event, locked in the gold medal in an 
				extraordinary free skate in which he reeled off six quads with 
				quickness, command and ease, along with superb spins, exciting 
				footwork and a huge back flip, among other notable things, for 
				which he earned a whopping 331.31 total, numbers that catapulted 
				him ahead of the rest of the competition by nearly 45 points. 
				(44.82 to be exact)
skating to ‘i’m not a vampire’ by falling 
				in reverse, malinin earned a 219.23 for his dazzling 
				performance, receiving a 128.18 technical element score and 
				92.05 component score.
“i felt that it was definitely a pretty 
				good performance and i think i have definitely improved a lot 
				since the grand prix final,” said malinin, who trains with his 
				parents, tatiana malinina and roman skorniakov, both of whom 
				were olympic singles contenders, in reston, virginia, as well as 
				with raphael arutyunyan. “i’m definitely happy with all the 
				progress i’ve made at this competition, but now i can use that 
				time to take everything that i’ve learned from my performances 
				and really try to develop them and get it as perfect as i can 
				before worlds.”
andrew torgashev, the 2023 u.s. bronze 
				medalist who trains in irvine, california with raphael 
				arutyunyan, claimed silver in stellar fashion, maintaining his 
				second-place standing in the short with an adrenalized free 
				skate to ‘scheherazade’ by nikolai rimsky-korsakov for which he 
				was awarded a 191.55 and 286.49 total.
in this high-powered program, torgashev 
				reeled off a quad toe, quad toe-double toe, triple loop, triple 
				axel, triple axel-double axel sequence, triple lutz-1/2 
				loop-triple salchow and triple flip with power, height and 
				ownership, skills and efforts which also generated a huge 
				standing ovation from the super-enthusiastic wichita crowd. 
“it’s validating whenever you’re on the 
				podium and it makes it seem like your hard work has been worth 
				it,” said torgashev. “it can inspire confidence and definitely 
				gives motivation to keep training and keep pushing on.”
camden pulliken, the 2024 u.s. bronze 
				medalist who was fourth in the short, claimed the bronze medal 
				with his stellar free skate to ‘outro’ and ‘solitude’ by m83 for 
				which he was awarded a 164.16 and 252.92 total.
pulliken, who also placed fourth in the 
				free skate at this event, executed a triple lutz-double toe, 
				triple axel-1/2 loop-3 salchow, triple loop, triple axel, triple 
				lutz-double axel sequence and triple flip as well as solid spins 
				and compelling footwork.
“i think that sitting on the podium for the 
				second time is super validating. i was happy to be here in 
				wichita and it was a great city that has hosted us,” said 
				pulliken, who trains in new york city with alexander johnson 
				where he also works as a full-time finance industry 
				professional. “so it was a great time being here.” 
efimova and mitrofanov capture u.s. pairs crown
by liz leamy


alisa efimova & misha mitrofanov, the 
				2024 u.s. silver medalists who work with olga ganicheva and 
				alexei letov at the skating club of boston in norwood, clinched 
				the u.s. title in remarkable style in the pairs free skate event 
				held in wichita this past saturday with a superb free skate 
				program to serge lama’s ‘je suis malade’ for which they earned a 
				142.87 for a 211.90 total.
this memorable performance, which resulted 
				in efimova & mitrofanov catapulting right to the top final 
				position after having finished third in the short program, was 
				defined by power, skill, artistry and drama.
the two, who have only been skating 
				together since 2023, reeled off a soaring split triple twist, 
				side-by-side triple toes, a huge throw triple loop and throw 
				triple salchow, high-powered lifts and an interesting left 
				forward outside death spiral, among other notable things, with 
				great strength, command and ease.
“this is our second nationals and i am very 
				proud of us that we made it on top of the podium,” said efimova. 
				“it’s my dream right now for our [whole] team and community. i 
				really wanted to do it for them because they do so much for us, 
				our coaches, our parents, our skating club and everyone. i’m 
				just really happy it turned out this way and i want to say thank 
				you to them.”
mitrofanov further elaborated.
“it was always a dream of mine to be able 
				to stand on a podium and so today it’s very surreal. that’s the 
				best way to put it right now,” said mitrofanov. “i definitely 
				want to thank my coaches, the club and our family. it wasn’t 
				just us winning tonight, there was a whole community. for us 
				right now it’s that we didn’t just win, but also the community.”
katie mcbeath 
				& daniil parkman, another 
				relatively new pair team who had only joined forces back in 
				2023, were another golden story to emerge out of this event with 
				their impressive jump from fourth place in the short to second 
				overall with their stellar free skate for which they were 
				awarded a 127.65 and 190.57 total.
this powerful team, who trains with jenni 
				meno-sand, todd sand, brandon frazier and christine binder at 
				great park ice & five point arena in irvine, california, earned 
				the event’s second-highest marks for their performance to josh 
				groban’s ‘per te’ that was defined by an extensive array of 
				top-grade elements as well as engaging artistry.
in their program, the duo reeled off a huge 
				split triple twist, a rock-solid triple toe-double axel-double 
				axel sequence, huge throw triple loop, incredible fluid lifts 
				and an innovative choreographic sequence, among other things, 
				with all the called elements being marked at the optimal level 
				four.
“it’s feels absolutely amazing,” said 
				mcbeath. “it has been a dream to be on a national podium and it 
				came true today, so i’m very happy about that.”
parkman agreed.
“it feels kind of unexplainable because 
				some things were tough in the season, but with the support of 
				our coaches, clubs, great park ice & five point arena and each 
				other’s support, we are here. thank you. thank you very much 
				everybody.”
ellie kam & danny o’shea, the 2024 u.s. 
				gold medalists, 2023 u.s. bronze medalists and 2024-2025 isu 
				grand prix finalists who lead the 12-entry competitive roster in 
				the short, wound up with the bronze medal in the final standings 
				for their valiant and courageous free skate to ‘stand by me’ by 
				ben e. king as performed by florence and the machine and 
				‘concealed passion’ by audiomachine for which they earned a 
				112.38 and 189.57 total.
while their program featured an array of 
				showstopping lifts, dramatic death spiral and outstanding 
				combination spin, there were some glitches, including a missed a 
				throw triple loop, throw triple lutz and triple jump sequence 
				and tumble as they finished their final lift.
still, it was still more than clear that 
				kam and o’shea, who train with drew meekins, bruno marcotte and 
				sandy straub in colorado springs, were all about a top standard 
				in regard to their rock-solid skating foundation, technique and 
				general execution and alignment, something that transmitted 
				powerfully among to the wichita intrust bank arena crowd, who 
				cheered for them loudly throughout their entire program.
“even though we didn’t have the best 
				performance that we wanted to tonight, we are definitely still 
				so blessed to be up on a podium with these amazing athletes we 
				got to compete with,” said kam. “they’re all so amazing.”
o’shea concurred.
“we fought really hard tonight, but you 
				know we’re going to use it as motivation,” said o’shea. “to see 
				the state of u.s. pairs continue to grow and push forward by 
				amazing athletes, we consider ourselves very blessed to be on 
				the podium.”
like efimova & mitrofanov and mcbeath 
				& parkman, kam & o’shea have only been together for a relatively 
				short period of time, as their first season competing together 
				was back in 2022.
chock and bates score sixth u.s. title with 
				stunning jazz-themed free dance 
by liz leamy
madison chock 
				& evan bates, the 
				powerhouse american dance duo who are the 2023 and 2024 world 
				champions and five-time u.s. titlists, reigned supreme in the 
				dance event at the u.s. championships in wichita on saturday, 
				claiming their sixth u.s. title with a 223.52 total, 
				outdistancing the remainder of the 15-team roster by more than 
				13 points.
notably, chock & bates were awarded a 
				131.36 for their compelling interpretation of the iconic jazz 
				classic ‘take five’ by dave brubeck in which they executed their 
				elements with command, flow and expertise.
the duo, who train in montreal with marie 
				france-dubreuil, patrice lauzon and romain haguenauer, were 
				awarded high grade of execution marks for such elements as their 
				stunning rotational lift, choreographed twizzles and intricate 
				footwork sequences, among other things.
for chock 
				& bates, skating at the u.s 
				championships is always an experience that means a great deal to 
				them.
“it honestly means the world to us. the 
				u.s. championships are always an event that we grew up coming to 
				every january and watching every year on television as kids,” 
				said bates. “it’s really what made us fall in love with the 
				sport. there’s something incredibly magical about this event and 
				we hold it in very high regard.” 
				 
christina carreira & anthony ponomarenko, 
				the 2024 u.s. silver medalists and 2023 u.s. bronze medalists, 
				clinched their second consecutive u.s. silver medal in this 
				discipline for their engaging free dance to ‘carmen’ for which 
				they earned a 127.93 and 210.79 total.
covering the ice with tremendous command, 
				posture and grace, carreira and ponomarenko reeled off a 
				stunning straight-line lift, beautifully extended twizzles, an 
				artful rotational lift and high-tech step sequences featuring 
				well-executed turns and steps, among other things.
donned in dramatic red and black costumes, 
				carreira and ponomarenko told the fascinating, yet tragic story 
				of carmen with their skating, efforts that resonated big with 
				the audience, something that also meant a great deal to both of 
				them.
“it’s a really special event and it’s 
				always fun to skate at home,” said ponomarenko. “this dance 
				field is so strong and we’re really proud to be on the podium 
				and to be part of the competition.”
the two also elaborated on their intensive 
				work in regard developing to their carmen program.
“we had a huge training block of six to 
				seven weeks where we did a lot of enhancements and really worked 
				on the potential we believe it has,” said ponomarenko, who, 
				along with carreira, train in london, ontario with scott moir 
				and madison hubbell. “so we’re still working in the right 
				direction and i think we took a huge step today. we just have to 
				keep working hard filling in the little nuances and skating to 
				the best of our ability.”
rachel green & michael parsons, the 2022 
				four continents champions and four-time u.s. medalists, clinched 
				bronze in this event, scoring a 123.24 in the free dance for a 
				205.37 total.
this powerhouse team, who train in canton, 
				michigan with charlie white, tanith white and greg zuerlein, 
				racked up high scores, stepped up from fourth in the rhythm 
				dance to third due to their memorable performance to ‘spiegel im 
				spiegel’ by arvo part as performed by angele dubeau and la pieta 
				and ‘dance me to the end of love’ by douglas dare. 
their outcome at this main event 
				represented a significant step for this team, to say the least, 
				who had finished fourth at the 2024 nhk trophy and sixth at the 
				2024 cup of china last fall.
“this national championship is the 
				culmination of a huge amount of work that caroline and i and our 
				entire team have put in,” said parsons. “this is just 
				confirmation that the work that we put in and the dedication 
				that we have to ourselves and to each other is paying off. we 
				couldn’t be happier. we’re just taking it all in and we’re so 
				thankful.”
malinin takes commanding lead in 
				men’s short program
by liz leamy
in characteristic style, ilia malininm, the 2024 world champion and 2023 and 2024 u.s. 
				titlist, skated a magnificent short program in the men’s 
				competition that featured two quads as well as a triple axel to 
				earn a 114.08 and catapult him right to the top of the 18-entry 
				men’s field by more than 14 points. 
right from the 
				start, malinin, 19, hooked 
				the crowd at the intrust bank arena in wichita with his riveting 
				performance that was highlighted by soaring quad flip, triple 
				axel, quad lutz-triple toe, high-octane footwork featuring his 
				signature raspberry move and a high-energy connecting steps.
“i felt really good with my skate today,” 
				said malinin, who also received a huge standing ovation from the 
				crowd. “i felt like i was able to express myself and perform to 
				my maximum capability.” 
andrew torgashev, the 2023 u.s. bronze 
				medalist, scored the second-best marks of the competition, a 
				94.94, for his exceptional interpretation of ‘l’enfer’ by 
				stromae that was defined by power, musicality and energy and 
				featured a high-octane quad toe, rock-solid triple axel and nice 
				triple flip-triple toe.
for torgashev, 23, who trains in irvine, 
				california with rafael arutyunyan, it was all about doing his 
				best.
“i’m really happy with my performance and 
				how good my skate was today,” said torgashev. “i would like to 
				continue training, continue skating at this level and continue 
				improving.”
jimmy ma, the dynamic 29-year old who hails 
				from great neck, new york and has competed at 11 u.s. 
				championships to date with his highest finish having been fifth 
				in 2023, clinched third with a 91.91 score for his stellar 
				performance to ‘mexican phonk’ by nueki and tolchonov that was a 
				big hit with the crowd.
ma executed such notable elements as a huge 
				quad toe, triple axel and triple lutz-triple toe with great 
				strength, power and command as well as exciting spins and 
				edge-of-your-seat footwork, all of which he enjoyed doing, 
				especially in front of such a lively audience. 
“i had a lot of fun with it,” said ma 
				about, who trains in norwood with alexei letov and olga 
				ganicheva. “the legs were listening, my mind was clear and i’m 
				just glad people had fun with it.”
ma also acknowledged the skills and 
				accomplishments of his peers at this competition as well as 
				those at events he has been in over the last number of years.
“it’s an honor just to be able to skate and 
				compete and be friends with people who are great in their own 
				way,” said ma. “they inspire me to try and push my whole body to 
				its limits and try to also offer something that’s unique unto 
				myself.” 
for these skaters, as with so many at all 
				levels, everything ultimately comes down to the day to day 
				training and trusting that process in competition and other 
				showcase events.
“i think it comes down to training,” said 
				torgashev. “you know, it’s the everyday training and grinding 
				away at it, being very smart and consistent in the approach to 
				everyday training.” 
glenn garners solid win in women’s 
				showdown to take second consecutive u.s. title 
by liz leamy 

amber glenn, the 2024 u.s. titlist 
				and 2024-2025 isu grand prix final champion, triumphantly skated 
				away with top honors in the u.s. championship women’s free 
				skate, claiming her second consecutive u.s. title in golden 
				style.
earning the highest marks of the event, a 
				145.88 for a 216.79, glenn’s program to ‘i will find you’ by 
				audiomachine and ‘the return’ by clann was stellar, with its 
				main highlight being her signature showstopping move, a huge 
				triple axel.  
catapulting to first, from third in the 
				short, glenn landed all but one of her jumps, and cleanly 
				executed her 
				spins, footwork and connecting steps with notable attack, power, 
				command and strength while at the same time expressing the 
				intrigue and emotion of the music in optimal fashion.
“today i tried to attack everything i 
				could,” said glenn, who trains with damon allen and tammy 
				gambill in colorado springs. “i’m very proud of my mental 
				fortitude and the progress i’ve made and i hope to continue with 
				the consistency throughout the rest of the season.”
alysa liu, the 2019 and 2020 u.s. champion 
				who had catapulted to first place in the short program among the 
				deep 18-entry field in exhilarating fashion the day prior to 
				make for a stunning comeback following a two-year academic 
				hiatus, clinched silver with a 138.97 free skate score to render 
				a 215.33 total.
in the final tally, liu’s marks also put 
				her in close proximity of glenn, as her total score was 
				approximately one and a half points short of that total score.
for liu, however, it was all about getting 
				out there and skating.
“this just feels really crazy to me,” said 
				liu, who trains with philip diguglielmo and massimo scali in 
				lakewood, california. “i didn’t really have any expectations for 
				myself placement wise, just program wise, so i felt really good 
				throughout this experience.”
liu, who had only again taken up skating 
				last summer, emerged as a major comeback story of this 
				competition due to her flawless short program in the initial 
				round of this event and then her electric free skate to donna 
				summer’s ‘macarthur park’ which was as big a hit with the 
				audience as it was with the nine-member official panel.
in this edge-of-your-seat program, liu 
				executed all of her triples with power, quickness and 
				confidence, all the while interpreting summer’s celebrated 70s 
				disco anthem with infectious spirit, understanding and 
				enthusiasm.
sarah everhardt, the fourth-place finisher 
				at last year’s nationals who is reputed to be one of the sport’s 
				most exciting up-and-coming stars, claimed the bronze medal with 
				her action-packed program to stravinsky’s ‘firebird.’
earning a 136.64 and 207.36 total, 
				everhardt executed high-powered triple jumps that were defined 
				by excellent height, air position and beautifully held landings 
				as well as high-voltage spins and other notable things.
“it’s amazing to be on the podium [with 
				amber and alysa] and to see that i’ve made it to this level,” 
				said everhardt, who is from haymarket, virginia and trains with 
				with tatiana malinina and roman skorniakov in reston, virginia. 
				“it’s an amazing feeling.”
for all these talented and driven athletes, 
				the real victory was just as much about the power of the group 
				dynamic as it was about in terms of just doing their best, 
				something that was more than apparent when they were all seen 
				walking into the press conference together after the awards 
				ceremony chatting, smiling and having fun together.
“i’m just really grateful to be on a podium 
				with these two lovely ladies and i can’t wait to go to new 
				events with them,” said glenn. “i was just so proud of this 
				group of women seeing the camaraderie backstage and seeing the 
				supportiveness.”
another leader of this 
				elite group, bradie 
				tennell, the two-time u.s. champion from cary, 
				illinois who had placed second in the short, was fourth with a 
				free skate score of 128.71 and 199.94 total.
skating to puccini’s ‘turandot’ and ‘nessun 
				dorma’ as performed respectively by vanessa mae and jackie 
				evancho, tennell reeled off her signature textbook-like triple 
				jumps, spins and footwork in solid fashion, although she had 
				stepped out on a few of her jump landings.
tennell trains with benoit richard and 
				jeremy allen in the new york metropolitan area. 
along with the memorable performances of 
				all the top contenders, it was ultimately the stellar skating 
				quality of the entire women’s field that emerged as the major 
				takeaway of this event as it reflected the renowned gold-star 
				standard of american figure skating in a clear manner, something 
				that all of those on hand at the intrust bank arena appeared to 
				very much honor, uphold and appreciate.
chock and bates take resounding lead in the rhythm dance
by liz leamy


madison chock & evan bates, the 2023 and 
				2024 world champions, 2022 olympic team gold medalists and 
				five-time u.s. titlists, soared to first in the championship 
				rhythm dance competition in triumphant fashion, taking a more 
				than a 10-point among the 15-entry roster with a 92.16 due to 
				their arresting rendition to a medley number-one american hits 
				dating from the 1950s through the 1970s.
chock, who wore a stunning red dress and 
				bates, who donned a grey suit with a white shirt and tie, once 
				again, showed up for the proverbial party, racking up big marks 
				for their mesmerizing horizontal cartwheel lift, terrific 
				twizzle sequence and smooth and easy step sequence, among other 
				notable things.
for this uber-accomplished american team, 
				regarded to be some of the most iconic skaters in modern-day 
				skating and who famously married in hawaii last summer, it’s all 
				about continuously raising the bar.
“we’re really big on self improvement and 
				just trying to find every little iota of improvement that we can 
				find within ourselves,” said bates in a media press conference 
				last august at the annual u.s. figure skating champs camp at the 
				skating club of boston in norwood. “we feel the programs are 
				fresh for us, which is something we really value a lot.”
chock 
				& bates train with marie france-dubrieul, 
				patrice lauzon and romain haguenauer in montreal, where they 
				also reside.
christina carreira & anthony ponomarkenko, 
				the 2024 u.s. silver medalists and 2023 u.s. bronze medalists, 
				clinched second with their emotionally charged program to music 
				by etta james and little richard, for which they were awarded an 
				82.86.
the duo, who train with scott moir, madison 
				hubbell and adrian diaz in canada, wowed onlookers with their 
				stellar rotational lift, innovative choreographic rhythm 
				sequence, intricate midline step sequence, engaging paso doble 
				pattern step sequence and other outstanding elements.
“we feel pretty good about our skate 
				today,” said carreira. “i felt kind of cautious about it, but 
				we’re still happy with the outcome and i think it was a good 
				performance.”
ponomarkenko agreed.
“we trusted our training and trusted each 
				other and made it through,” said ponomarenko. “we’re looking to 
				have a better skate overall in the free with confidence.” 
moreover, the duo covered the ice in 
				silk-like fashion, flowing over it with energy, quickness and 
				speed, while at the same time, demonstrating amazing body lean 
				and command of their skating.
for carreira 
				& ponomarenko, the goal in 
				this portion of the competition was to just do their best.
“this is a very complex program that is 
				very high energy, so we’ve worked on making sure we’re matching 
				our arms and refining the little moments that make the overall 
				program look very nice and clean,” said ponomarenko. 
emilea zingas 
				& vadym kolesnik, the 2023 
				u.s. national fourth-place finishers, claimed third with their 
				dynamic disco-infused short dance to a bee gees medley featuring 
				the iconic 70s hits, ‘jive talkin,’ ‘staying alive’ and ‘night 
				fever’ for which they earned generated an 82.13.
donned in purple sequin, gold and black 
				costumes, the duo, who trains in novi, michigan, did such 
				notable elements as a lightning-like rotational lift, 
				high-powered midline step sequence and lively choreographic 
				sequence in which the crowd clapped in tandem with each one of 
				their steps and movements.
“i think we’re pretty happy with our 
				performance today,” said zingas. “this season has been a season 
				of growth and a lot of learning for us again so we’re happy to 
				be here and worked really hard in the time that we had since our 
				last competition. i think that showed, as well as how much we 
				enjoyed this program and this dance style.”
kolesnik concurred.
“i enjoyed every second of it, the crowd 
				was crazy, we went crazy and i was happy with everything,” said 
				kolesnik. 
the team, who only have been skating 
				together since 2022, are coached by igor shpilband, natalia 
				deller, adrienne lenda and pasquale camerlengo. 
in this event, zingas 
				& kolesnik tied in total segment points with caroline green & michael parsons, who also had scored 
				an 82.13, eeking out third by roughly two-tenths 
				of a point tiebreaker based on the technical element scores.
alysa liu soars to top of leaderboard in women’s short 
				program with stellar comeback performance 
by liz leamy


alysa liu, the 2019 and 2020 u.s. champion, 
				made an indelible mark in the women’s short program competition 
				at the u.s. championships thursday night, earning the highest 
				marks, a 76.36, among the field of 18 entries, to in turn position herself for a third consecutive 
				national senior title.
liu’s electric performance to the stirring 
				piece, ‘promise’ by laufey and dan wilson, was lyrical, high 
				energy and compelling and featured such notable highlights as a 
				triple flip-triple toe, triple lutz, double axel, high-velocity 
				spins and fluid footwork defined by big curves and body 
				movements.
at the conclusion of this performance, liu 
				received a loud standing ovation from the crowd, something that 
				was especially poignant considering she has been absent from the 
				competitive circuit since 2022 upon having decided to attend 
				college full time at the university of california in los angeles 
				at that point.
“i was really excited to present my short 
				program on this big stage,” said liu, who also lives in 
				richmond, california and trains with philip diguglielmo and 
				massimo scali in lakewood. “nationals is such a big competition 
				and i was just anticipating doing my best short program here. i 
				was emotional from the very beginning to the end and i really 
				loved that and i felt very connected to the ice.”
bradie tennell, the 2021 and 2018 u.s. 
				champion from cary, illinois, scored the second-biggest marks of 
				this competition, a 71.23, for her dramatic presentation of 
				ronan hardiman’s ‘cry of the celts’ and ‘lord of the dance’ 
				which also had a big effect upon the high-energy wichita crowd, 
				who gave her a loud ovation upon its conclusion.
in her characteristic style, tennell reeled 
				off her elements with terrific ease, power and tenacity, with 
				highlights being a lightning-quick triple lutz-triple toe, 
				triple loop, double axel, high-velocity spins and fluid 
				footwork, among other things.
“it was really exciting for me to do this 
				program because it’s come along way since the beginning of the 
				season and i have such joy when i perform it,” said tennell, who 
				is coached by benoit richard and jeremy allen in the new york 
				city metropolitan area. “it’s a very energetic and fun program 
				and it’s different from the things i’ve done before, so it’s 
				very fun for me to skate and especially in front of a crowd, so 
				i was excited to give a good performance tonight.”
tennell was also happy about the prospect 
				of being back competing at this celebrated event after having 
				missed it last year due to an ankle injury.
“i was very excited to skate here again 
				after missing last year,” said tennell. “i was just kind of 
				feeling a lot of emotions today because last january, january 26th 
				of last year, was my second surgery for my ankle, so it’s not 
				even been a full year yet and it’s just a little surreal to be 
				back at nationals and skating.”
citing last year’s situation as an example 
				of life’s many different, but ultimately tool-building 
				experiences, tennell has once again, valiantly positioned 
				herself as one of the sport’s veritable leaders and is in close 
				range of capturing another u.s. title at this event, which is 
				exciting.
“i think every year, we all kind of evolve, 
				change and grow as people,” said tennell, when asked about being 
				back in medal and title contention at nationals in tandem with 
				liu by a reporter at the post-competition press conference. 
				“we’ve both grown in different ways but i would say we’re both 
				competitors and have a very healthy respect for each other and 
				what we do and we’re both here because we love it.”
tennell also elaborated on the importance 
				of the love of skating and how, for her, it serves as a base 
				power source in both the sport and in her life.
“i think we both connect on that aspect of 
				the joy of skating,” said tennell, upon being asked about her 
				journey in the sport in relation to liu at the post-event media 
				conference. “that’s what makes competition fun, right?”
amber glenn, the reigning u.s. titlist and 
				2024-2025 isu grand prix final champion from plano, texas was 
				third in the standings for her riveting interpretation of janet 
				jackson’s ‘this time,’ for which she was earned a score of 
				70.91.
another major favorite with the 
				wichita crowd, glenn flew around the ice with the speed, 
				presence and strength of a premier world contender, knocking 
				such stellar elements as a soaring triple flip-double toe, 
				electric triple loop, high-octane spins and a fast, intricate 
				footwork sequence, among other notable things.
although she stood up her signature thrilling 
				triple axel, it was two footed with a q call, however, which did  
				an effect on her technical score.
still, glenn’s program was exceptional as 
				she told members of the media at the post-event press conference 
				that she is looking forward to skating full out in the pending 
				free skate event.
“i did not feel the attack or adrenaline going out there today,” 
				said glenn, who trains in colorado springs with damon allen and 
				tammy gambill. “i do feel like i will be able to give that 
				attack tomorrow in the free skate and not hold back as much as i 
				did today. i want to try and go full out.”
ellie kam and danny o’shea dominate pairs short competition
by liz leamy 
kicking off this year’s u.s. nationals in 
				commanding style, ellie kam and danny o’shea, the reigning u.s. 
				champions, prevailed in the pairs short program skating to a 
				resounding lead with a 77.19 to catapult them to the top of the 
				12-entry leaderboard by nearly eight points. 
skating to the stirring ‘rain in your black 
				eyes’ by ezio bosso, the duo, who trains in colorado springs 
				with drew meekins, bruno marcotte and sandy straub, executed a 
				split triple twist, side-by-side triple salchows, a throw triple 
				loop and stunning level four lift in which they covered the 
				entire rink length with ease, fluidity and mastery, among other 
				memorable things.
the team, who were 2024 isu grand prix 
				finalists, also commanded the ice from the moment they took 
				their starting position all the way to the conclusion of their 
				performance and earned big applause from the lively wichita 
				intrust bank arena audience. 
for kam and o’shea, it was a moment to 
				remember.
“we did a program we’re proud of today and 
				we were proud to go out there,” said o’shea.
his partner agreed. 
“i think we’ve made our skating more 
				focused and narrowing down our thoughts in our production, we’re 
				more together so that we just become more one instead of just 
				ellie and danny,” said kam.
emily chan and spencer howe, the 2023 u.s. 
				silver medalists who train with alexei letov in boston, earned 
				the second-highest marks of the competition, a 69.10, for their 
				breathtaking performance to ed sheeran’s ‘give me love.’
flying around the ice with the stealth and 
				speed of world-class contenders, chan and howe earned big marks 
				from the nine-member judging panel for their split triple twist, 
				throw triple flip, amazing level four lift and intriguing death 
				spiral, as well as other elements.
for the duo, it just was all about doing 
				their job.
“we’re really happy with our training and 
				wanted to give everything that we had out there,” said chan. “we 
				felt that in terms of energy there were some things we could 
				definitely do better but overall, we’re really happy with our 
				presentation today.”
alisa efimova and misha mitrofanov, the 
				2024 u.s. silver medalists, racked up the third-best scores of 
				this competition, a 69.03, for their electric performance to ‘ameska’ 
				and ‘uccen’  by the 
				taalbi brothers, putting them just seventh-tenths of a point 
				behind chan and howe, to set an exciting stage up for the free 
				skate showdown.
although they had a slight misstep on their 
				side-by-side triple toes, this dynamic team scored stellar marks 
				for their split triple twist, throw triple loop, level four 
				lift, step sequence and combination spins, along with other 
				things.
according to efimova and mitrofanov, who 
				train in boston with olga ganicheva and alexei letov, they were 
				happy with their performance.
“overall we’re really happy with our 
				presentation today,” said mitrofanov. “we were really working on 
				our emotions, not just in terms of technical and we were able to 
				go out there and show that.”
von felton makes a bit of history while winning junior women gold
by lynn rutherford

  
				
mired in seventh place after falling on her 
				triple axel, triple toe loop combination in wednesday’s short 
				program, sophie joline von felton had little to lose in her free 
				skate. she would go for all of it: a quadruple salchow, and two 
				triple axels.
“i love making history,” the 16-year-old, 
				who trains at skating club of boston, said.
some three-and-a-half minutes later, she 
				had done just that, becoming the first u.s. woman to land a quad 
				salchow in competition.
“i feel amazing, because i trained hard for 
				it,” she said. “i skated (the program) with the axels, and 
				without axels, many times. at first, it didn’t work out. then, 
				it got better and better. i started skating clean programs. i’m 
				so happy my hard work paid off.”
stepping on to the ice as the final skater 
				in the penultimate group, von felton trailed short program 
				leader skylar lautowa-peguero by nearly seven points. she made 
				up ground with the first three elements in her romeo & juliet 
				free: a triple axel, quad salchow and triple axel, double toe 
				loop combination. 
the opening salvo added some 30.08 points to her 
				score, including three bonus points, and she went on to land 
				five other triples, including a triple flip, triple toe loop 
				combination in the program’s second half. she won the free skate 
				with 131.82 and amassed a total score of 188.84 points, just 
				0.84 more than lautowa-peguero.
the technical panel added a “q” to the 
				quad, meaning they thought it might be exactly a quarter-turn 
				short. a “q,” though, does not lessen the jump’s 9.70 base 
				value.
“no (u.s. woman) had ever landed a quad 
				salchow at nationals or ever,” von felton said. “it’s okay it 
				had a q, but the next time hopefully it works out clean.”
under coaches alexey letov and olga 
				ganicheva, the swiss-born skater has made history before. last 
				year, she became the first woman to land a triple axel at the 
				u.s. championships in the junior event.
early this season, von felton was hampered 
				by inconsistency. she won gold at a junior grand prix in 
				slovenia, but as a last-minute addition to a second junior grand 
				prix in china, she placed 13th. all this changed as 
				she prepared for wichita.
“actually, the last week (before the u.s. 
				championships) i skated only clean programs,” she said. “so i 
				was a little shocked not to be able to do that in the short 
				here.” 
lautowa-peguero, too, had a superb free 
				skate. performing to “inspiration” by florian christl, the 
				petite 12-year-old showed seven precise, clean triple jumps, 
				several done with both arms overhead, including a triple loop, 
				double axel, double axel sequence. 
the youngster was one of the most 
				well-balanced skaters in the event, achieving level 4 for all 
				three of her spins and impressing judges with her choreo 
				sequence. her program component score of 53.59 led the field, 
				and she placed second in the free with 124.06 and second overall 
				with 188.
“i feel so good that i actually put two 
				programs together and they were strong,” lautowa-peguero said. 
				“i had a rocky season before this competition. i went through 
				some things that i never went throughbefore. (at one 
				competition) i popped three times in my long and stepped out of 
				my combo in the short. i was feeling down. the next competition 
				i got back up, but (next time) i did the same thing; i popped 
				three times in the long and stepped out of combo in short.”
lautowa-peguero, 
				who splits her training time between hackensack, new jersey and 
				newburgh, new york, buckled down with coaches larisa selezneva 
				and patch david, as well as mom julia lautowa, a six-time 
				austrian champion, with an eye on making her mark in wichita.
“i worked really 
				hard before this competition,” she said. “i started doing a lot 
				more run-throughs, and i felt better about myself. all of my 
				hard work paid off – i skated two clean programs at nationals, 
				and i feel excited to keep going and have more opportunities in 
				the future.”
jessica jurka, 
				fifth after the short program, performed a charming, creative 
				free skate choreographed by stephanie chace bass to “three card 
				switch” from the good omens album by david arnold. with 
				seven triple jumps, including three in combination, it scored 
				176.23 points and lifted her to third place and the bronze medal 
				with 117.74 total.
“i’ve had a lot 
				of ups and downs this season, and i’d definitely have to say 
				that this is an up program for me,” jurka said. “i gave all i 
				could today.”
the 15-year-old, who trains with 
				stephanie kuban in colorado springs, colorado, paid special 
				attention to the details: refined hand and arm movements, 
				positions in spins and a high split jump. her triples were high, 
				and she held her landings.

				“that’s one of the things i like most about my skating,” she said. 
				“my jumps are flowy and soft. it’s not an athletic type of 
				program, but more like beauty and grace in it. i worked very 
				hard to get it like that.” 


				born in lima, peru, jurka is a 2023 recipient of the mabel 
				fairbanks skatingly yours fund promising award of $10,000. she 
				is an ambassador for young skaters in ecuador, where she has 
				taught youngsters the value of working hard to achieve your 
				goals.
emilia nemirovsky, second after the short, 
				claimed the pewter medal with 175.30 points. her free skate, 
				choreographed by zuzanna parchem to selections by eternal 
				eclipse and nicholas britell earned 112.41 points and included 
				four triple jumps and two level 4 spins. 
“i think it was ok,” the detroit-based 
				skater said. “i kind of lost in the second half but i was 
				determined, so that’s all that matters.”
like jurka, nemirovsky’s jumps were high, 
				effortless and softly landed. the 15-year-old attributes this 
				not only to skating coaches julie berlin, parchem and garrett 
				lucash, but to ken kashubara, head coach of the sport heaven 
				track club.
“when i was younger, i did track and 
				gymnastics, so i built a lot of muscle,” said nemirovsky, whose 
				favorite track events are the 100 meter and 200-meter sprints. 
				“i think that definitely helped to get the power in the jumps i 
				landed today.”
junior man lorenzo elano wins first u.s. medal, and it's gold
by lynn rutherford


consistency won the day for lorenzo elano, who placed 
					second in both the short program and free skate to earn 
					202.65 points and win the junior men’s crown in wichita, 
					kansas on wednesday.
“it wasn’t my best performance, i’ve done way better in 
					practice,” an ebullient elano said after his free skate, set 
					to a philip glass medley including “mad rush” and “the 
					hours.”
“honestly, coming off of the ice, i 
					wasn’t sure about how my score was going to be,” he added. 
					“i’m really happy with my first national medal.”
the 17-year-old from chicago arrived at 
					the u.s. championships a bit under the radar, never having 
					competed at a junior grand prix. he did win a silver medal 
					at a junior “b” event in nice, france in october – his 
					first-ever international event -- followed by gold at the 
					midwestern sectionals in november. 
elano’s confidence was momentarily shaken when, after 
					opening with a strong triple lutz, triple toe loop 
					combination, he fell on his second jump, a triple flip. he 
					recovered with a triple loop and second triple lutz 
					combination in the program’s second half, and gained the 
					event’s highest pcs marks, 69.45.
“i’m glad i kept going, because i had a 
					pretty rough start,” he said. “i kept doing what i do best. 
					i’m really glad that i didn’t leave as many points as i 
					could have on the table.”
the skater partly credits his music with 
					helping him overcome the miscue. glass, the influential 
					minimalist composer and pianist, was also a favorite of 2022 
					olympic champion nathan chen, who performed his free skate 
					to a glass medley during the 2020-2021 season.
“my coaches (jeremy allen and denise myers) brought it up 
					to me, and tommy steenberg choreographed it,” he said. “i 
					felt like i connected with it really well. it helped me get 
					through some of the rough spots in the program.”
third after the short, aleksandr fegan won the free skate 
					and the silver medal with a speedy and near-clean rendition 
					of igor stravinsky’s “firebird,” highlighted by some fine 
					spins. he notched 131.35 in the free and 201.64 overall.
“i thought it was pretty decent,” the 15-year-old from 
					little falls, new jersey, who trains in hackensack under 
					roman serov, said.
“i was pretty happy with myself, because 
					five minutes before i went on the ice, my leg started to 
					hurt really bad, and i wasn’t sure i could compete. and i’m 
					just happy i was able to skate as well as i did today.”
fegan, also the 2024 u.s. junior bronze 
					medalist, is only the latest in a long list of u.s. 
					medalists who have chosen to perform to music from the 
					russian ballet.
“i thought it fit me well, so i decided 
					to test my abilities on it,” he said.
the fast-paced selection served to highlight fegan’s 
					spinning ability, among the best of the event.
“i’m always (working on) spinning,” he 
					said. “for me, i like spins, and i like to focus on getting 
					level 4’s and having them well executed.”
patrick blackwell, who led by more than six points after 
					tuesday’s short program, fell four times in the free, 
					including a tumble on his opening quad toe. still, the 
					boston-based skater landed two triple axels and maintained 
					his vigor throughout his performance to gabriel saban’s 
					“smoke and mirrors,” choreographed by adam blake. it gave 
					him the bronze medal with 195.77 points.
“i chose (this music) because i like to 
					categorize myself as a very enthusiastic, open, 
					super-aggressive person, energy-wise,” he said. “i wanted 
					something very energetic to show that, rather than polish. 
					while i'm working on adding polish, energy is my strong suit 
					right now.”
his 118.04-point free skate here did not 
					approach blackwell’s personal best at the czech junior grand 
					prix early this season, where he landed his quad toe and 
					gained 152.14 points.  several injuries, including a recent 
					broken thumb, impacted his preparation for the u.s. 
					championships.
“i think i had higher expectations of 
					myself, just because of how i came away from my junior grand 
					prix,” he said. “pressure wise, i think (the pressure at 
					nationals) is about the same. mainly for me, i had (put) 
					more pressure on myself …. but the main takeaway was the 
					experience of doing my first nationals, ever. i still find 
					it a valuable lesson, even though i had my struggles.”
fifth after the short, new jersey skater kirk haugeto 
					skated a creative and ambitious program set to music from 
					the 1981 christopher bruce ballet “ghost dances” that gained 
					third place in the free skate with 121.86 points. his 184.29 
					total earned him the pewter medal. 
the evocative selections, most famously performed by ice 
					dancers isabelle duchesnay and paul duchesnay in the early 
					1990’s, inspired the young skater.
“i love the ballet, it’s a very good 
					story,” the 15-year-old said. “the story is like you’re 
					coming back, and no matter what people drive you to -- no 
					matter how far people put you down -- you can rise up and 
					show greatness.”
haugeto attempted a triple axel early in his program but 
					fell. he did it, and the other six triple jumps in program, 
					with both arms overhead, ala 2016 u.s. champion adam rippon.
“i do all of my jumps that way,” he said. 
					“i kind of like it. it’s fun.”
skylar lautowa-peguero takes junior women short program


patrick blackwell first in junior men's short program


reagan moss & jakub galbavy lead in junior pairs short 
				program


ilia malinin looking to make another 
				lasting mark in wichita
by liz leamy


(19 january 2025) ilia malinin, the illustrious 2024 world 
				champion and 2023 and 2024 u.s. gold medalist, is geared up and 
				ready to make another lasting mark in wichita at the 
				u.s. championships that will be held at the intrust bank arena 
				january 20th-26th.
the 20 year-old skating sensation, who 
				lives in vienna, virginia and trains in nearby reston, virginia 
				with his parents, tatiana malinina and roman skorniakov, both of 
				who were olympic and world singles contenders in the 1990s, as 
				well as raphael arutyunyan is amped to continue his remarkable 
				skating journey at this celebrated annual sports event next 
				week. 
malinin, who, last december, captured his 
				second consecutive isu grand prix final title in grenoble, 
				france after having claimed the same coveted finish in 2023, has 
				been on a golden mission in regard to building his skills and 
				artistry at an astonishing level, having famously executed all 
				seven quads, at this most recent celebrated global event.
“i’m trying to create this whole new 
				entertainment for people watching the sport. i think that’s one 
				of my main things,” said malinin in a pre-nationals media 
				teleconference. “it’s emotional to me just knowing that [several 
				years] back, i was technically just a jumper, but now i feel 
				like a lot of people, more and more, are starting to appreciate 
				what i can bring in terms of artistry and creativity. i think 
				that all the work that i put in for all those years is what i’m 
				just proud of.”
this season, malinin has earned big props 
				all around in noting the high scores he has racked up for 
				artistry as well as for his renowned technicality in 
				competitions this season so far, with him skating to ‘running’ 
				by nf for his short program and ‘i’m not a vampire’ by falling 
				in reverse for his long program, both which are pieces designed 
				by shae lynn bourne, the 2003 canadian world dance champion with 
				victor kraatz.
“it was a really fun time this year, 
				especially just having both pieces of music which are different 
				from what i’d usually pick,” said malinin. 
meanwhile, malinin described his short 
				program music as something very meaningful to him.
“it was the song i’ve been listening to for 
				over three years now on repeat, so it’s just something that i 
				wanted to try and fit my own emotions into the piece,” said 
				malinin.
malinin then went on to say how his free 
				program is something he feels as very interesting and was also 
				one that he very much enjoyed learning in tandem with bourne.
“she’s one of the best, so she was able to 
				put a really good long program together,” said malinin. “i think 
				it’s one of my favorite long programs i’ve ever done with her. 
				i’m able to put all my emotions into it and really just feel 
				like myself when i’m doing that program.”
malinin also elaborated about the beauty of 
				skating, likening it to an art.
“in my opinion, i think it is an art,” said 
				malinin. “everyone has their own way of viewing art and there’s 
				always different artists and people who have their own vision of 
				a ‘perfect’ image of a painting, and so everyone has their own 
				unique style of skating.” 
as he gets ready to skate in wichita next 
				week, malinin also expressed excitement at the prospect of 
				competing in such an iconic american destination.
“i’m really excited to go to wichita. i 
				hear that it’s the original place for pizza hut [too]. i’m 
				really looking forward to seeing that and i think it’s going to 
				be a fun time,” said malinin. “it’s really fun to travel to all 
				the different places, see new states, meet new people and see 
				how much they enjoy figure skating.”
amber glenn excited to compete at 
				nationals
by liz leamy


(19 january 2025) amber glenn, the reigning u.s. champion and 
				2024 isu grand prix final gold medalist who has been on a 
				remarkable trajectory in the domestic and global skating realm 
				over the past several years, is as amped as ever to compete at 
				the 2025 u.s. championships in wichita.
citing this main annual event, regarded to 
				be one of the most highly anticipated showdowns of the sports 
				world every year, as one she is very much looking forward to, 
				glenn seems optimally poised and prepared to indeed clinch a 
				second consecutive u.s. title, especially based on her results 
				this past season.
this past fall, glenn, known for her 
				incredible energy and stunning jumping acumen (as she is one of 
				the only women in the world able to execute a clean and 
				rock-solid triple axel) dominated the isu championship grand 
				prix circuit, scoring first at the grand prix de france and cup 
				of china that were held in november prior to clinching the grand 
				prix final crown in grenoble, france last december in which she 
				outdistanced a formidable field of premier world skaters, 
				including kaori sakamoto, the three-time japanese world champion 
				in 2022, 2023 and 2024 and 2022 olympic bronze medalist.
last january, glenn, who grew up in plano, 
				texas and trains in colorado springs with damon allen and tammy 
				gambill, triumphantly claimed her first u.s. title in columbus, 
				ohio in valiant style, catapulting to the top of the formidable 
				american women’s field with technically loaded back-to-back 
				short and long programs, among other things.
glenn, 25, who is also the 2021 u.s. silver 
				medalist and 2023 u.s. bronze medalist, is excited to continue 
				her exhilarating journey as she prepares to compete at the u.s. 
				championships next week, which will be held january 20th 
				through the 26th at the intrust bank arena in downtown wichita.
				
“i am feeling very excited. this is my 
				ninth senior u.s. championships and i’m going as the top lady 
				which is a position i’m very fortunate to be in,” said glenn in 
				a pre-nationals media teleconference last week. “i want to have 
				a good time and see everyone.”
glenn also expressed excitement at the 
				prospect of competing amongst a roster of so many exceptional 
				skaters, which also includes two other u.s. champions, alysa 
				liu, the 2019 and 2020 u.s. champion and bradie tennell, the 
				2018 and 2021 u.s. titlist as well as the many other talented 
				and accomplished contenders who will be there.
“these [skaters] have accomplished great 
				things and then we also have these newcomers who are doing 
				great,” said glenn.
glenn, who will skating to janet jackson’s 
				high-octane ‘this time’ for her short and to audiomachine’s 
				moving ‘i will find you’ and ‘the return’ by clann for her free 
				skate, also talked about her mindset this past season and how 
				she had garnered such great strength from her years of 
				experience leading up to this juncture in her life.
“as i came into my own, i really did some 
				reflection on who i am. along with that came [the realization 
				of] deciding to skate and how i wanted to skate not for the 
				scores, but for myself,” said glenn. “i would really say i came 
				into my own in the last couple of years and luckily i had a lot 
				of good resources and a lot of good tools. i asked for help, so 
				i was able to get here and i’m now doing what i never thought 
				i’d be doing.”
as glenn continues her remarkable journey, 
				she expressed her gratitude in terms of being part of this event 
				to help further build exposure and excitement about the sport, 
				saying that when she first started, she had been very much 
				inspired when the u.s. championships had been held near her home 
				in dallas, texas, in 2003.
“that’s when we started getting into 
				skating and it snowballed,” said glenn. “i think the national 
				championships could do the same thing in wichita by having 
				people come out and experience figure skating.”



2024 grand prix final
grenoble, fra
4 - 10 december 2024
malinin free skate, what went wrong?
one of the more surprising programs at the grand prix final 
				was ilia malinin's frees skate.  surprising, but for the 
				wrong reason, with all seven of his jump elements called with 
				missing rotation.  when the protocol was posted we were 
				all in shock.  was it really that bad?
making use of a new higher performance camera at the final, we photographed malinin's free skate with 24 mpixel images - equivalent to 11k 
				video resolution, if such a thing existed - 25 msec temporal 
				resolution, and a 1/1250 shutter speed.  we captured part 
				or all of his jump 
				elements, and have used that to compare analysis of the photographic record 
				to the calls given for each of the jump elements. to do this we 
				measured the line of flight of the jump and the angle of the 
				blade with respect to the line of flight, taking into account 
				perspective correction.  we also measured the time in the 
				air for each quad.
for each jump element we provide next the call and the result of our 
				measurements.
images of the jumps can be found in the following 
				youtube video.




4fq
4f< - just past quarter - 0.68 sec


4aq
4a - less than quarter - 0.80 sec


4lz<
4lz< - just past quarter - 0.70 sec


4lo<
4lo< - very close to << - 0.63 sec


4lz< + 1eu + 3s
4lz< + 1eu +3s - just past quarter - roughly 0.68 sec


4tq + 3t
4t< + 3t - very close to 4t<< - 0.63 sec


4sq + 3a + seq
4s< + 3a + seq - very close to 4s<< - 0.58 sec



by our analysis malinin was robbed of points on the 4a and 
				gifted points on the 4f, 4t combination and the 4s sequence.  
				the difference in base value points is enough to erase most of 
				his lead in the event.  depending on what the judges would 
				have done for goes with the correct calls he might well have 
				ended up second overall in the event; however, we can only guess 
				at what the judges would have done and make no prediction on 
				what his final score would have been.
one can also, of course, question whether the calls for 
				kagiyama were equally flawed.
we did the same analysis for kagiyama's jumps and found no 
				differences between our analysis and the official calls.
so why were kagiyama's jumps all fully rotated and malinin's 
				not?  to answer this we measured the height of the jumps 
				for both skaters.  while the height of kagiyama's jumps 
				were what one typically sees for quads and triples and his past 
				performances, malinin's jumps in the final free skate were 
				distinctly lower than other performances, except for the quad 
				axel, which was near his usual height for that jump.
for 
				whatever reason, in the final, malinin did not achieve the time 
				in the air that he usually does, and thus could not complete the 
				rotations in the lesser time available.  we also note that 
				as the program progressed, the time in the air for the quads 
				decreased after the first 4lz, being less than 0.6 sec by the 
				end of the program.  the average time in the air for 
				kagiyama's three quads was 0.71 sec.
[in contrast, in the short program, the time in the air for 
				malinin's triple axel and quads averaged 0.71 sec.]
another takeaway from this, though the sample is small, is 
				that it appears when jumps are fully rotated the technical panel 
				gets it right, but when jumps have missing rotation technical 
				panels make numerous errors.  for malinin's free skate the 
				accuracy of the calls was 3/7 = 43%.  we attribute this to 
				the inadequate capabilities of the replay system used by 
				technical panels, a subject we have discussed in depth in the 
				past.
finally we observe that these jump examples suggest that 
				determining the missing rotation in a jump might be better 
				determined by an accurate measurement of the time in the air 
				together with the average rotation rate.  we note that quads with < are about 0.7 sec in the air 
				or less and quads near << are 
				about 0.6 sec in the air or less.  comparison with clean examples 
				elsewhere have quads with less than one-quarter missing rotation 
				in the air 0.7 sec or greater.  clean examples of malinin 
				quad axels have 0.8 sec in the air or greater.
common air time for missing rotation, 
				for quads other than axel(give or take a few tenths 
				of second, depending on average rotation rate.)


less than q
more than 0.7 sec


q
0.7 sec


<
0.6 - 0.7 sec


<<
less than 0.6 sec



david sanchez interview



senior report

junior report


french team press conference

senior preview

junior preview




the raspberry twist, what is it?
revised 13 december 2024:  following the grand prixs 
				we obtained a new camera that allows us to study elements in 
				detail with nearly three times the temporal resolution as 
				previously.  we got to use this camera at the final to 
				revisit this element.  the text has been updated 
				accordingly.

				the raspberry twist is a signature move for ilia malinin. it is 
				a dramatic jump used as a connecting move in both the short 
				program and free skate. but what is it?  so much is 
				happening, and is so unexpected, it is hard to say looking in 
				real time.

				while included in both programs the executions differ slightly.  
				in the short program the pattern is counterclockwise and the 
				jump is exited with several turns and steps.  in the free 
				skate the pattern is clockwise and the jump is exited with steps 
				into twizzles on the right foot. in both programs the jump is 
				executed in the same place on the ice.

				the following youtube slideshows provided stop motion images from malinin's 
				two programs at 2024 skate america, the short porgram at the 
				grand prix final.

				skate america

grand prix final

the jump entry begins with steps and turns ending with a lfo 
				to lbi three turn.  the skater then sets the right foot, 
				pivots on the right toe and rides the lbi edge for much of 1/2 
				of a rotation, and finishes the initial half rotation on the 
				left toe [the amount of each varies with execution].  he then takes 
				off from the left toe while the right leg kicks back and up.  
				there is no turn or step onto a forward edge. kicking the leg propels the 
				skater into a lateral position nearly parallel to the ice.  
				there are then 1 1/2 rotations in the air.

				the pre-rotation is not a part of cheating the 
				jump as pre-rotation is in other cases.  rather, riding the 
				lbi edge 
				to mostly forwards with the right leg back puts the skater into a position 
				that allows the right leg to be kicked back and up to change the 
				air orientation.

				the jump lands on a lbi edge.  the free foot 
				toe is quickly put 
				down on the ice.  in the short program the exit consists of 
				double threes on the left foot, a step from lbi to rfi [a 
				mohawk], a rfi to 
				rbo three turn, then a 
				hop and tap from rbo onto rfi [a falling leaf].  
				in the free skate the exit instead has the free foot put down on 
				its edge and then the skater rotates one half rotation on widely 
				spaced two 
				feet.  he then steps into twizzles on the right foot.

				putting the free foot down rather than gliding out of the 
				landing is driven by the fact the lateral air position causes 
				the weight of the skater to be forward of the left toe on the 
				landing.  putting the right foot down is necessary to 
				prevent the skater from falling forward on the landing.

				so what does all that make this jump?

				even though it has 1 1/2 rotations in the air and takes off from 
				the left toe this is definitely not an axel.  it does not 
				have the same entry motion as an axel and never gets on a left 
				forward edge.  nor is the free leg motion that of an axel.

				as it starts on a lbi edge and the initially free right toe 
				contacts the ice, it might be considered a variation of a flip 
				jump; however, the right foot doesn't really tap the ice, but 
				rather provides a pivot point to ride the lbi edge for 1/2 
				rotation.  also in a flip the entry leg leaves the ice 
				first followed by the tapping leg.  in this case that is 
				reversed. but fundamentally, not being a tap jump this isn't a 
				flip either.

				the other jump from a back inside edge is the salchow [long 
				ago once also 
				known as a toeless flip], and many skaters today use the 
				nominally free foot to assist in the take-off without a tapping 
				motion.  in that case, the foot assisting the salchow 
				leaves the ice first and then the entry foot, as we see here.  so of all the listed jumps, the raspberry twist 
				might be described as a one foot double salchow with a one-half 
				pre-rotation, a lateral air orientation and loose air position.  

				since the rules allow 
				jumps to be landed on either foot and judges don't seem to care 
				about pre-rotation, this 
				could be considered a listed jump with a 2s base value.  
				but since it is executed after all other jumps elements, whether 
				it is or is not is irrelevant to the scoring.

				but wait, there's more. the take-off from the toe while kicking 
				the free leg is also the take-off for a flying camel spin; but 
				instead of laying out parallel to the ice and landing into a 
				camel spin, the skater inserts 1 1/2 rotations and then exits 
				the landing without executing a spin.  in a flying camel 
				there is 1/2 rotation in the air and the skater lands on the 
				right foot and commences the camel spin.  in the raspberry 
				twist an additional rotation is added, with a bent right leg.  
				the bent right leg precludes landing on the right leg.

				whatever you call it, though, it is a spectacular moment in each 
				program.



loena hendrickx: “my love of the sport is just too big to quit”
by tatjana flade


				
				belgium’s loena hendrickx has made 
				history more than once and is the most successful skater from 
				her country. she is a european champion, two-time world 
				medalist, grand prix final medalist, grand prix event champion … 
				however, there is more to her career than just medals. loena had 
				to overcome many challenges on her way to the top and she is a 
				role model for young skaters from all over the world.
				
				the off-season was busy for loena with 
				shows for example in japan, canada and a visit in paris during 
				the olympic games – including some roller skating around the 
				eiffel tower. obviously, the preparation for the new season and 
				the work on new programs continued nevertheless. hendrickx 
				revealed her new music in july: for the short program, she 
				picked the jazzy “black and gold” by brenna withaker and for the 
				free “believe” by madilyn bailey. her long-time choreographer 
				adam solya once again created these programs for her.
				
				the process of creating a new program 
				takes some time from the selection of the music to fine-tuning 
				every detail. “jorik was already searching music before worlds 
				and was putting on different kind of styles on the ice,” loena 
				said about the short program. “we immediately liked the song, 
				the kind of style as well. it's also a style that i've never 
				done before, but it's also not as crazy as last year because 
				that was really a different style.”
				
				the editing of the music plays an 
				important part as well, to enhance it and to make sure it 
				perfectly suits loena’s skating. hendrickx and her brother and 
				coach jorik as well as solya have been working together with 
				music designer hugo chouinard from canada. it is not always easy 
				when everyone is in a different time zone like this april, when 
				loena was in europe, jorik attended a camp in australia and 
				chouinard was at home in canada.
				
				for her free skating, the european 
				champion was looking for a softer, more lyrical style this time. 
				“for the free now i want to put more attention on my skating 
				skills because the vogue program was a lot with the arms and it 
				took away a bit of my skating skills,” she explained. “the 
				attention was really on the vogueing. in the free program we 
				want to show to everyone that i don't have to hide my skating 
				skills behind the choreography so that's something we want to 
				focus on.
				
				“it's the feedback from the audience, 
				from skating people. they were telling me that i try to hide 
				myself behind the choreo because my programs are full of choreo. 
				however, that is what makes a program way harder to skate. if 
				you don't have so much choreo, a free program is easier to 
				skate. with a lot of choreo, it's harder for your condition, the 
				breathing. i think many people in the audience don't really know 
				this part because they think i try to hide my skating skills. 
				but that's not what it is, it's just to make my program even 
				harder. so now i just want to show them something else. this is 
				what i like to do from the beginning on - i just tried to go out 
				of my comfort zone, show them that i'm not only a skater who can 
				skate on one type of music. 
i want to show as well that i'm very open for any style.”
				
				winning the european title was a big 
				goal that hendrickx achieved last january. “i think i was living 
				towards this goal for two years now because last year europeans 
				(2023) i didn't accomplish my goal,” the 24-year-old commented. 
				“so this year i really felt that i really had to go for it. 
				living two years towards one goal is just very tiring for my 
				body. also mentally it was very hard and i started the (past) 
				season with a lot of hesitations because the summer wasn't easy 
				for me. i lost a lot of jumps and i lost the confidence and i 
				was training and training and it didn't happen so there was a 
				few moments that i was hesitating if i ever could come back to 
				my level but because of the love of the sport i just never gave 
				up. i just continued and continued and then i had on my mind - 
				if the first competition didn't go as i was hoping then maybe 
				it's just over but then i did a very good first competition. 
				first japan open and then also skate america so i was like, okay 
				i still got it.”
				
				when there are problems and 
				difficulties, it is important to analyze what caused them in 
				order to avoid them in the future. loena believes that she was 
				not used to do so many shows which eventually led to her 
				struggling in training. 
“now i know what i have to do when i'm at the shows. at that 
				moment i was like okay i'm doing shows and i will fully live my 
				life and enjoy everything. i will eat whatever i want and just 
				do whatever i want. no i just know that that it's not like that. 
				if you still want to be in shape the next year you have to pay 
				attention to everything even in the off –season,” the european 
				champion noted.
“if i just train in the off –season, then i can eat whatever 
				i want but not when the training load is much less than 
				normally. it's not that i was gaining a lot of weight but my 
				muscles went down and the fat went up - so it was a bit the same 
				level of weight but it was in a different way. so i think that 
				was the thing when i started (full training) i gained muscles 
				again and then that's when i became heavier and i had to lose 
				weight again, lose the fat and it was hard but i i managed to do 
				it. i also heard a lot of people who were doing the shows that 
				they also struggled with this and that they now know how to deal 
				with it.”
				
				“then europeans came and i accomplished 
				my goal,” loena continued. there was a new challenge before the 
				world championships as the skater suffered from a hip injury. 
				she won the short program and eventually finished fourth.
				
				“actually worlds was beyond my 
				expectations because the week before i was hesitating to come 
				because i couldn't train,” hendrickx noted. “i wasn't ready at 
				all for it but i just wanted to be there and enjoy the 
				competition and then i skated my short and didn't know what 
				happened at that moment. that was great, it was just mind 
				-blowing also for me because it was just not what i expected as 
				i really had a hard time going into worlds. with the injury i 
				didn't have enough practice but i knew for a short program it's 
				still okay. i've had all the practices before so it's not that i 
				didn't work for it. however, if you didn't do run-throughs, the 
				short program is still easy to do clean. so i was sure that i 
				could do a good short program but i didn't expect it was that 
				good and then because of that i got a lot of hope. however, i 
				knew in the back of my head that it would be impossible to do a 
				good free program. i think after all i can be very happy and i'm 
				very proud of myself that i still accomplished to be fourth 
				because before i wasn't even sure if i could go.”
				
				even with all the success she had, 
				hendrickx stays motivated to train hard and to continue to 
				compete at the highest level. 
“i think my love of the sport is just too big to just quit 
				and i cannot imagine a life without skating, without training at 
				the moment”, she shared. “sometimes it's hard because i'm 
				getting older, my body is getting older as well, everything is 
				harder. when i was much younger i didn't have to warm up and i 
				could do triples on the ice immediately but everything changed. 
				now i really have to warm up to be able to do just double jumps. 
				that's just how it goes when you're getting older. everything is 
				more sore and you don't feel your body if it's not warmed up.”
				
				in the past few years figure skating 
				has started to change with more young women and less tiny 
				teenagers at the top. the isu has gradually raised the minimum 
				age to 17 for senior-level competitions and russia that used to 
				put out every year a new wunderkind has been banned since the 
				invasion of ukraine in february 2022. among the top ten women at 
				the 2024 world championships, seven were 18 years or older and 
				three of these seven (kaori sakamoto, loena hendrickx, amber 
				glenn) were over 20.
hendrickx is happy about this development. “i think it's 
				nicer to watch it because they're real women and for me i also 
				admire them more because at the moment now i know how hard it 
				is,” she pointed out. “when i was young, i didn't realize it. it 
				didn't matter if there was a 16-year-old girl or a 24-year-old 
				girl, for me was the same. but now i'm getting older and i just 
				know and i also feel how hard it is and that's why i also admire 
				it more. i also think you can really see all the experience they 
				have and you can see the difference between a less experienced 
				skater and an experienced skater.”
				
				looking ahead, loena has set new and 
				different goals for herself. “for me the main goal for next 
				season is that i just want to enjoy the competitions more,” she 
				said. “i want to try to put less pressure on myself because i 
				did accomplish almost everything i want and i think it's hard to 
				accomplish even more. of course, i still want to be at the top, 
				but i think i've accomplished already so much that i just have 
				to enjoy the sport more. i want to be more like jason (brown). 
				he used to feel like ‘i have to be at the top of the us’ and ‘i 
				have to go to worlds and this and that’. and now he's open 
				-minded about it and just wants to enjoy and it works. so that's 
				what i want to do for next year and still get good results.”
				
				for now, loena hendrickx has been 
				assigned to the isu grand prix events in angers, france and in 
				helsinki, finland.



u.s. elite set for skate america
by liz leamy
ilia malinin
ilia malinin, the reigning world champion, 2023 world bronze 
				medalist, 2024 isu grand prix final victor, 2023 and 2024 
				u.s. titlist and 2022 u.s. silver medalist, is looking to 
				make a bold mark at the 2024 skate america championships 
				that will be held at the credit union of texas event center 
				in allen, texas next week.
malinin, in his characteristic golden style, is poised to 
				once again deliver the goods in the men’s showdown at this 
				celebrated annual event that will be held from october 
				18th through october 20th and represents the kick-off of six 
				grand prix competitions held all around the world from 
				october to november and concluding with a final in december 
				in grenoble, france.
for this remarkable 19 year-old athlete who lives in vienna, 
				virginia and trains in reston, virginia with his parents, 
				roman skorniakov and tatiana malinina, both of who are 
				former world and olympic contenders, the primary goal is to 
				do his best and continue evolving on all levels.
“the competition is between myself and i see it as i’m on my 
				own and not against anyone else,” said malinin in a 
				pre-skate america media teleconference. “i really try to 
				focus on myself and there’s always a lot more work to do in 
				everything and i always have that mindset where i try to be 
				better and better.”
certainly, this mindset has been quite effective for malinin 
				who, over the past few years, has racked up an incredible 
				list of world and national titles with his remarkable 
				library of explosive and lightning-quick quads, including a 
				quad axel (of which he has made history with) as well as for 
				his electric skating style and compelling series of 
				programs.
“i always tell myself ‘you’ve got to trust the training’ and 
				then ‘you’ve have to trust what your coaches say and make 
				sure you attack everything 100 percent,’” said malinin.
malinin, meanwhile, said he is super excited to compete at 
				skate america next week.
“i’m just very excited to be going to skate america next 
				week,” said malinin. “i’ve been training really hard and 
				working really hard on improving the programs and improving 
				all my abilities so i’m ready for the grand prix series.”
this season, malinin plans to skate to ‘running’ by nf for 
				his short and ‘i’m not a vampire’ by falling in reverse for 
				his free program, both of which were choreographed by shae-lynn 
				bourne, the canadian world dance champion and renowned ice 
				artisan and which is he amped about.
“i’m really satisfied with the programs and really enjoy 
				skating [them,” said malinin.
clearly, the creative connection between malinin and bourne 
				is an effective one.
“working with shae-lynn, it’s pretty incredible,” said 
				malinin. “from the first time i worked with her, it was 
				pretty obvious i really enjoyed the process and being able 
				to collaborate with her during the programs.”
malinin further elaborated on their collaborative dynamic 
				when creating programs. 
“i’ve always had ideas of my own and she has hers,” said 
				malinin. “so when we do the program, we kind of play around 
				with things until they look cool and feel comfortable for 
				me.”
notably this season, malinin plans to feature a back flip in 
				his free skate, an element that was ratified by the isu in a 
				recent ruling to be allowed in competition.
“it does add another big surprise to the program and gives 
				the same energy as if i were to add a quad jump,” said 
				malinin. “when i first did it in sun valley [last summer], 
				it was pretty magical.”
malinin, who had been involved in gymnastics from ages three 
				to eight, said he has been in the habit of doing back flips 
				for a while.
“when i was younger i first had gymnastics experience from 
				three to eight years old and it became muscle memory,” said 
				malinin. “it’s definitely something that keeps me chasing. 
				it’s always on my mind to give ways to level it up in the 
				future, adding a twist or some crazy combination.”
conclusively, malinin talked about the inspiration he got 
				from having performed at the celebrated dreams on ice show 
				in japan this past summer as he has a philosophy of 
				approaching each show and competition ‘one event at a time.’
“at the beginning of the summer, i went to dreams on ice 
				which was pretty cool,” said malinin. “i’m just taking it 
				one event at a time.” 
chock and bates
madison chock and evan bates, the 2023 and 2024 world 
				champions, three-time world medalists, five-time u.s. 
				titlists and 2022 olympic gold medalists in the team event 
				are the lead u.s. dance couple entering skate america.
“we’re extremely excited about kicking off our season at 
				skate america,” said chock. “it’s become somewhat of a 
				tradition of the season and we’ve been working really hard 
				on our new material, crafting it over the springtime amidst 
				all the travel and busy schedule.”
clearly, chock and bates seem to be as masterful at managing 
				time as they are with their skating especially in 
				considering how effectively they have been navigating some 
				major events that have taken place in their lives over 
				recent months while also maintaining an intensive training 
				on-ice schedule.
notably, two major life events chock and bates have 
				experienced over the past several months include their 
				dazzling wedding that was held in hawaii in june and the 
				fact they were awarded the 2022 olympic u.s. figure skating 
				team gold medal at the paris olympic games in july.
in tandem with these life-changing experiences, this 
				remarkable and radiant duo has all the while maintained a 
				steady training regimen in which they have been able to 
				continue to build, evolve and further raised their already 
				stellar skating standard.
since winning a second consecutive world championship title 
				in montreal last march, chock and bates have been working as 
				hard as ever to keep raising their bar both technically and 
				artistically to further indicate why they have achieved such 
				astounding success in their competitive careers to date.
essentially, for chock and bates, the primary goal is to 
				share the experience of their skating with others through 
				their programs, which always been consistently compelling, 
				fresh and innovative each season since they achieved premier 
				national and world status starting in the 2011, when they 
				first started skating together.
“we’re really excited about the programs we crafted that we 
				did with our team in montreal and cannot wait to share them 
				with everyone,” said chock. “we just feel like we’re so 
				inspired and just feel like we’re really finding new things 
				about our skating that we have been looking for and wanted 
				to work on. so, it feels really great to keep finding that 
				improvement and self growth, so that’s what’s keeping us 
				going.”
for the rhythm dance this season, the duo will be skating to 
				a lively music medley of selections from the 50s, 60s, and 
				70s such as the ‘hawaii five-o’ theme, ‘stayin’ alive’ by 
				the bee gees and ‘last dance’ by donna summer, among other 
				classic pieces.
“there’s so much music to choose from and so many different 
				ideas that we had. so we ended up doing a medley and really 
				trying to showcase the evolution of dance as we see it and 
				kind of touching the american culture aspect of where these 
				dances came from,” said bates. “we’re trying to stay true to 
				this era and it has been really fun for us.”
chock and bates also gave big props to their music editor, 
				hugo chouinard, for formulating this program’s memorable 
				audio composition.
“we have to give a big shout out to the music maestro, hugo, 
				because he’s created a really cool, fun and energetic mix of 
				tunes from those three decades,” said bates.
for the free dance, chock and bates will be skating to 
				juju’s vocal version of the famous jazz classic, ‘take five’ 
				by dave brubeck.
“it’s a very moody and jazz-inspired kind of theme,” said 
				chock. “we were very inspired by the idea of lady luck and 
				making your own luck and how it kind of goes into this 
				american dream of your will of creating your own luck as 
				well. it’s kind of like using your luck to your own 
				benefit.”
in regard to costumes for the free dance, chock and bates 
				said they were inspired by the art deco design, structural 
				beauty and spirit of the empire state building and statue of 
				liberty.
“we were inspired by the idea of the american dream and what 
				could be more inspiring than the empire state building and 
				all of its art deco facets as well as the beauty of the 
				statue of liberty,” said chock. “it’s really about the 
				seamlessness, spontaneity and creativity of jazz as music 
				and lady luck and that whole energy.”
for chock and bates, it’s all about expressing their love of 
				skating and also life itself through their on-ice 
				narratives, something they view as the heart and soul of all 
				that they do and that requires great dedication, energy and 
				work.
“we’ve been so fortunate to have longevity in our career, 
				but it also poses a challenge where you want to come out 
				with fresh material every year,” said bates. “we take pride 
				and joy in crafting new elements year after year.”
isabeau levito
isabeau levito, is the 2024 world silver medalist, 2023 u.s. 
				champion, two-time u.s. bronze medalist and 2022-2023 isu grand 
				prix final silver medalist.
regarded to be one of the most balletic and enigmatic 
				skaters in the sport today, as well as one of its fiercest 
				and most formidable contenders, levito has been steadfastly 
				preparing for the new season and has been especially amped 
				up ever since she scored silver at the 2024 world 
				championships, that is for certain.
this talented and driven 17 year-old mount holly, new jersey 
				native, in fact, has been as focused as ever since that 
				time, as she has been rigorously training all aspects of her 
				skating in terms of her technicality and artistry at the 
				igloo ice rink in mount laurel, new jersey, which is about a 
				15 minute drive from her home.
“i’m excited to start the season and i feel well trained,” 
				said levito. “i feel very excited going into skate america.”
levito, who plans to skate to ‘moon river’ the compelling 
				henry mancini piece from the ‘breakfast at tiffany’s’ 
				classic film soundtrack for her short, and then to ‘liebestraume’ 
				by franz liszt for her free skate program this season, said 
				she is feeling as confident as ever due her stellar results 
				at the 2024 world championships in montreal last march.
“being the world silver medalist definitely came with some 
				confidence,” said levito. “i’m just excited to skate my 
				best.”
levito further elaborated on each of her programs.
“i feel very classy and i really love it,” said levito about 
				her short program.
levito then spoke about the inspiration for her free skate.
“when we listened to the music, i thought of the primavera 
				statue in sanremo, italy, and it’s very stirring,” said 
				levito, referencing the breathtaking primavera (spring) 
				symbol of liberty statue created by tuscan artist vincenzo 
				pasquali in sanremo between 1924 and 1926 that is located on 
				the famous seafront waterfront promenade of this famous 
				locale known as the ‘city of flowers.’ “i really like the 
				concept of this program. the choreography is very statuesque 
				where i hit a lot of poses and it’s kind of like a statue 
				coming to life.”
ultimately, for levito, it’s all about building and moving 
				forward with all things related to skating.
“i want to just keep building up my accomplishments and live 
				up to what i did last season too,” said levito.





summer sizzler event a golden showcase headlined by 
				america’s premier skaters
by liz leamy


(27 august 2024) america’s premier skaters, including ilia malinin, the 
					2024 world champion, 2023 world bronze medalist and two-time 
					u.s. titlist, madison chock & evan bates, the 2024 and 
					2023 world titlists, 2022 olympic team event gold medalists 
					and five-time u.s. champion, isabeau levito, the 2024 world 
					silver medalist, 2023 u.s. titlist and two-time u.s. bronze 
					medalist, jason brown, the nine-time isu championship grand 
					prix medalist, 2015 u.s. champion, seven-time u.s. medalist 
					and 2014 olympic team event bronze medalist and amber glenn, 
					the 2024 u.s. gold medalist and two-time isu championship 
					grand prix medalist, along with many more of the country’s 
					top contenders in singles, dance and pairs, all convened at 
					the skating club of boston in norwood, massachusetts this 
					august to participate in its first annual summer sizzler.
this unforgettable show was held thursday august 15th as 
					part of the 2024 u.s. figure skating champs camp at the 
					skating club of boston and drew more than 2,000 spectators, 
					most of who had traveled amidst torrential rainy weather to 
					cheer on the remarkable work and skills of this incredible 
					group of athletes.
for u.s. figure skating, this event represented a 
					benchmark moment being that it marked the first time ever in 
					which participants of the annual champs camp had performed 
					their programs and skills in front of a live audience in a 
					show format.
“i’m really excited to get to perform my program and have 
					some audience feedback,” said brown, whose dramatic short 
					program to ‘the legend of tarzan’ which he plans to use for 
					the 2024/25 season was a big hit with the crowd. “we love 
					the sport, we love to perform.”
in addition to chock & bates, malinin, levito, glenn 
					and brown, this show’s roster also featured alysa liu, the 
					2022 world bronze medalist and two-time u.s. champion, ellie 
					kam and danny o’shea, the 2024 u.s. titlists, maxim naumov, 
					the 2020 u.s. junior champion and 2024 u.s. fourth-place 
					finisher, christina carreira and anthony ponomarenko, the 
					two-time u.s. championship medalists, starr andrews, the 
					2022 skate canada silver medalist, jimmy ma, the nine-time 
					u.s. championship contender, logan higase-chen, the 2024 
					u.s. junior ladies champion, josephine lee, the 2024 u.s. 
					silver medalist and the skating club of boston’s theatre on 
					ice overture of boston team, among other notable performers.




				photo courtesy of janet liu and skating club of boston
for the athletes, this event served as a vital part of 
					the whole week-long champs camp experience, in which they 
					had also participated in an extensive series of on and 
					off-ice training sessions and seminars with their coaches 
					and u.s. figure skating officials and committee members to 
					help further optimize their skating and programs going into 
					the 2024/25 competitive season.
“we’re all benefiting from the support we get at champs 
					camp,” said chock, whose gorgeous 2024 gala program with 
					bates to melody gardot’s ‘once i was loved’ was also a 
					rousing hit with spectators. “it’s a great opportunity for 
					everyone to keep learning and growing.”
bates echoed similar sentiments.
“i was certainly pretty excited yesterday when we got 
					here and saw the group of skaters and it’s really 
					inspiring,” said bates. “i mean, maybe it is a touch of 
					nostalgia, just the fact that we’ve grown up with champs 
					camp every august. “there’s something about that, like you 
					know, back to school, feeling the end of the summer and 
					getting new programs vetted among all the other exciting 
					stuff.”
these athletes also expressed palpable excitement about 
					the fact that champs camp was held in boston, the site of 
					the 2025 world championships.
“i think it’s pretty cool to kind of feel the environment 
					here and really get to know the people here and see just how 
					[everything] might look in the bigger venues,” said malinin, 
					who wowed the crowd with his dramatic 2024 season gala 
					program to nf’s ‘hope.’
note: amber glenn skated to olivia rodrigo’s ‘vampire,’ 
					her 2023/24 gala program, while isabeau levito performed her 
					2024/25 short program to ‘swan lake,’ both of which were 
					also memorable as well as terrific hits with the audience.  
performing at the 2024 summer sizzler were:

patrick blackwell
sofia jarmoc & luke witkowski
jimmy ma
jinna han
annabelle morozov & jeffrey chen
sophie jolie von felten
skylar lautowa peguero
eva pate & logan bye
josephine lee
ian somerville
logan higasechen
starr andrews
theatre on ice overture of boston team
ashley cain
christina carreira & anthony ponomarkenko
alysa liu
alisa efimova & misha mitrofanov
maxim naumov
ellie kam & danny o’shea
amber glenn
jason brown
isabeau levito
ilia malinin
madison chock & evan bates

prior to the show several of the performers took 
					questions from the media on various topics.
on champs camp and the summer 
					sizzler show
brown:  “it’s been so fun [champs camp]. the whole point 
					of it is to show our programs and get feedback from the 
					judges. it was a lot of different work with so many moving 
					parts. i’m really excited to get to perform my program and 
					have some audience feedback. i mean, we love the sport, we 
					love to perform.”
chock:  “we’re all benefiting from the support that we 
					get at champs camp. it’s a great opportunity for everyone to 
					keep learning and growing.”
bates:  “i was certainly pretty excited yesterday when we 
					got here and saw the group of skaters and it’s really 
					inspiring. i mean, maybe it is a touch of nostalgia, just 
					the fact that i mean, i can say we’ve almost grown up with 
					champs camp every august. there’s something about that, like 
					you know, back to school, feeling the end of summer and 
					getting the programs vetted amongst all the other exciting 
					stuff.”
glenn:  “champs camp is kind of the first time that all 
					of us come together and we only get a few opportunities a 
					year to do that, so it’s been great to see everyone.”
levito:  “i love seeing everyone, the athletes and u.s. 
					figure skating staff and all of the people. it’s great.”
malinin:  “i think it’s pretty cool to kind of feel the 
					environment here and really get to know the people here and 
					see just how [everything] might look in the bigger venues.”
on their skating, training and new programs as they head 
					into the 2024/25 season:
malinin: “what’s motivating me this season is wanting to 
					kind of push my limit again and not only with technical 
					ability, but also in artistry and creativity and trying to 
					really go for all aspects of skating this year.”
“i think i’m just trying to explore all types of genres 
					and to try to go to somewhere outside to really just see 
					what i can accomplish and whichever ways fit me best and is 
					the most comfortable for me to perform.”
chock: “we’ve just hit the running as soon as we got back 
					from the tour and started making new material, so i think 
					we’re in a very good place for this point in the season and 
					we’re really happy with the programs. i think we started a 
					little earlier knowing that we had something big on the 
					calendar for june.” (chock and bates got married in june.)
bates: “we came right back (after the worlds tour) and 
					tried to make the most of each day and get our choreography 
					done earlier in the spring knowing that we had the wedding.”
chock: “for us, it’s the connection. we want to keep 
					fostering on the ice and optimizing our speed and the 
					efficiency of our movement.”
bates: “i think we like to go to the drawing board and 
					try to pick the music and concept and try to just not 
					retrace our steps a little bit. so picking music this year 
					feels a lot different that what we’ve done at least in the 
					past year or two and was a big priority for us. so we feel 
					like the programs are fresh for us, which is really 
					something that we value a lot.”
bates: “we’re really big on self improvement and just 
					trying to find every little iota of improvement that we can 
					find within ourselves.”
glenn: “my short program (to janet jackson’s ‘this time’) 
					is very fun. it’s very sassy. it’s something i’m absolutely 
					thrilled about. it’s very different from what you might 
					expect when you think of figure skating, especially in 
					women’s singles. and the free skate (to music by sound 
					machine) is something i’m really looking forward to. it’s a 
					beautiful, mesmerizing piece that starts off kind of quiet 
					and builds into this huge finish. i feel like it’s very 
					exciting and theatric. our goal was to just be able to put 
					out a great performance in general, along with some very 
					difficult technical content.”
levito: “[my programs this year] are both music that i 
					love very much and i just enjoy skating to these types of 
					music. i decided to skate to something i just l love very 
					much for this season.”
brown: “i’m skating to ‘the legend of tarzan’ (for the 
					short). i competed it at two events last year and didn’t 
					give myself enough time to train it. so we decided to go a 
					different route for the (2024) u.s. championships (with his 
					memorable ‘the impossible dream’ from ‘man of la mancha’ 
					free skate), but it’s a piece of music that i still really 
					loved and i wanted to see if i could still use it and see it 
					through in a different way, so we kind of reimagined it as a 
					short program.”
brown: “i’m still doing what i love and still getting to 
					perform in front of crowds and improving and chasing goals 
					and dreams. i keep wanting to explore different styles of 
					music. that’s a very big motivator. i always trying to 
					improve my lines and challenge myself and that’s really the 
					biggest factor now and then using this season almost as a 
					guide in some ways of how to manage next season.”
on the 2024 summer olympics
malinin: “watching the olympics, it was a very cool 
					event. i was very inspired by a lot of the events, watching 
					gymnastics, it was a pretty amazing event and even 
					skateboarding. i like to ride around on my skateboard. i 
					wish i was as good as them, but it’s just very fun to watch 
					them, you know, do a lot of cool tricks. and of course, the 
					new addition of breakdancing. i really enjoyed it. i mean, a 
					lot of the competitors, i really like their own style and 
					they always have something unique they bring, which is kind 
					of why i take inspiration from breakdancing. they find their 
					own style and i try to incorporate that in my skating.”
chock and bates (who had received their gold medal for 
					the 2022 winter olympic figure skating team event at the 
					2024 paris summer olympics earlier in august.)
bates: “we brought both sets of parents, aunts and uncles 
					on both sides, my brother and his family and my nieces. we 
					had a huge group and it was, i mean it was amazing and it 
					was better than we could have imagined. we were [part] of 
					the whole team, back together for the first time in two 
					years and just the whole atmosphere in paris was 
					incredible.”
chock: “we were also so inspired by the summer olympics, 
					just seeing all the athletes in different venues and being 
					at the olympics fully in spirit was incredibly infectious.”
glenn: “there was so much [with the] behind the scenes 
					and characteristics to different people and different 
					stories and i felt so much more invested than ever and it 
					made me excited. it made me just all the more motivated and 
					excited to try and make it to italy.”
 (the 2026 winter 
					olympics are slated to be held in milano/cortina, italy.)




				usa and japan received olympic team medals for 2022
by tatjana flade
(8 august 2024) the end of an (almost) endless story.

				finally, on august 7, 2024 the time had 
				come at the champions park in paris at the summer olympic games: 
				two and a half years after the olympic figure skating team event 
				in beijing the skaters from team usa received the gold medal and 
				the japanese athletes were awarded the silver medal. the russian 
				team, competing under the acronym of roc (russian olympic 
				committee), became the bronze medalists. however, the ioc did 
				not invite them to paris citing organizational reasons and the 
				fact that the roc has been suspended (because of the war of 
				aggression in ukraine). this award ceremony in paris is meant to 
				be the conclusion of the doping drama around former russian 
				wunderkind kamila valieva that kept the figure skating world 
				busy for more than two years.



photo courtesy of ioc
the final decision was made by the international court of 
				arbitration for sport (cas) in lausanne, the highest and final 
				authority in sport.
the cas had to rule several times on the appeals of several 
				parties in this case. these various appeals have protracted the 
				proceedings. the cas rulings can only be appealed on the grounds 
				of formal errors, so the appeals are now exhausted and the 
				result will remain as it is.
the athletes from the usa and japan were able to enjoy this 
				moment, for which they had to wait so long through no fault of 
				their own.
"we 
				all wished to be able to celebrate this medal together as a 
				team, so it was really great that we were all able to come here 
				and share this moment together,” the isu press release quoted 
				nathan chen (usa), who now has two olympic gold medals from the 
				individual and the team event. 

“as 
				skaters we're all individual athletes, we skate alone, we do 
				medals alone, we do all this alone, so to be able to have a 
				moment like this where we're actually collectively together as a 
				team, we've been training and competing and knowing each other 
				so many years, so we're all family at this point in time,” he 
				continued.



				"these last two and a half years have been very long,” said 
				japan’s team captain, ice dancer tim koleto. “in the situation 
				in beijing we were unable to have family and friends come in 
				person to watch us compete and celebrate this moment with us, 
				so it's such a super special moment to be able to celebrate 
				alongside family and friends and our other competitors. to do it 
				in front of the eiffel tower is something even in my wildest 
				dreams i didn't imagine."
 


 
 

				team usa consisted of nathan chen, vincent zhou, karen chen, ice 
				dancers madison chock/evan bates, madison hubbell/zachary 
				donohue and pair skaters alexa knierim/brandon frazier. they all 
				had come to paris. only chock/bates are currently still 
				competing.
 
 



photo courtesy of ioc




photo courtesy of ioc





photo courtesy of diane eggert

				team japan members were kaori sakamoto, shoma uno, yuma kagiyama, 
				wakaba higuchi, pair skaters riku miura/ryuichi kihara and ice 
				dancers misato komatsubara/tim koleto. all but uno, who had 
				other commitments, were present in paris. 
				

				 



photo courtesy of ioc




photo courtesy of ioc
cause and effect

				initially unnoticed, the saga began in december 2021. kamila 
				valieva, then 15 years old and the top favorite for olympic 
				gold, had tested positive for the banned substance trimatezidine 
				at the russian championships on december 25, 2021. the substance 
				is found in a heart medication. doping athletes take the drug 
				primarily to be able to train longer and with greater endurance. 
				the testing laboratory in stockholm, which was responsible for 
				the evaluation, delayed the analysis of the urine sample from 
				russia due to a lack of personnel caused by the coronavirus 
				pandemic, as was later reported. in any case, the russian 
				federation, valieva, the isu and the ioc only found out about 
				the positive test on the night of february 7-8, i.e. after the 
				end of the olympic team event in beijing. valieva had already 
				competed in the short program and free skating events on 
				february 6 and 7 and had won first place for her team (a total 
				of 20 points).

				normally, the award ceremony would have taken place on february 
				7 in the evening on the so-called medal plaza near the main 
				press center in beijing. however, as the competition continued 
				the next day with the men's short program, one of the 
				federations involved asked for the award ceremony to be moved to 
				the next day. the ioc complied with the request, but while 
				preparations were underway and the teams were about to set off 
				from the olympic village, it was suddenly announced that the 
				award ceremony would be postponed. within a couple of days, it 
				leaked out that the reason for the delay was a case of doping 
				and that kamila valieva was involved. due to her young age, the 
				name should not have been made public, but someone leaked it to 
				the media.

				an unprecedented back and forth began. as is usual after a 
				positive test, the russian anti-doping agency rusada suspended 
				the skater. valieva appealed against this, as she still wanted 
				to compete in the individual event. rusada lifted the ban, the 
				world anti-doping agency wada, the ioc and the isu appealed to 
				cas, which allowed valieva to compete. the skater argued that 
				the banned substance had entered her body unintentionally 
				through contamination, as her step-grandfather took the drug and 
				she had drunk from the same glass. in the short program, the 
				young russian skated to first place with a flawless performance, 
				but in the free program she fell apart and came fourth. every 
				training session and every walk through the interview zone 
				turned into a gauntlet in which some journalists threw 
				aggressive questions at the young girl. valieva did not give any 
				comments.
the ioc did not want to hold the team victory ceremony until the 
				case had been resolved. the americans appealed against this to 
				the cas in beijing, but the appeal was rejected. the 2022 
				olympic games ended without a medal ceremony for the teams and 
				the moment was irretrievably lost. not only the russians were 
				penalized, but also the teams from the usa and japan, even 
				though they had nothing to do with the matter. it was a huge 
				disappointment. at least the americans and japanese could have 
				got silver and bronze - it wouldn't have been the first time 
				that medals had to be swapped after the results had been 
				changed.

				the valieva case went through all instances. the rusada 
				disciplinary commission initially acquitted the skater of the 
				accusation of deliberate doping and only stripped her of the 
				2022 russian national title. wada, the isu and rusada itself (!) 
				lodged an appeal against this and the case was retried. cas 
				finally ruled on january 29, 2024 that valieva was guilty of an 
				anti-doping rule violation and imposed the maximum penalty - a 
				four-year ban with retroactive effect from december 25, 2021.

				the defense had changed the "grandfather thesis", now it should 
				have been a dessert that the grandfather had prepared. but the 
				man refused to testify before the cas and there was no evidence 
				that he had actually taken or even bought this prescription 
				drug. it is still not clear who administered the trimatezidine 
				to valieva and how it got into her system. the cas even 
				considered the skater's statement that she had not deliberately 
				doped to be credible, but she could not conclusively prove what 
				had happened.
the new result

				following the final cas ruling, the isu recalculated the results 
				of the team competition and deducted valieva's 20 points. this 
				left the usa in first place with 65 points ahead of japan with 
				63 and russia (roc) with 54 points (instead of the original 74). 
				there were protests against this not only from the canadians, 
				who remained in fourth place with 53 points. team canada and 
				many others argued that the isu could not simply deduct 
				valieva's 20 points, but that the skaters behind her should each 
				move up one place and receive one more point. canada's madeline 
				schizas, who was third in both the team short program and free 
				skating and had earned 16 points, should therefore receive 18 
				points. this would put canada into the bronze medal position 
				with 56 points. in the individual competitions, in the event of 
				a disqualification, the athletes behind them all move up one 
				place. after valieva's subsequent disqualification at the 2022 
				european championships, for example, second-placed anna 
				shcherbakova was crowned european champion, alexandra trusova 
				took silver and loena hendrickx bronze.

				however, the isu argued that this rule (isu special regulations 
				rule 354, para 4) did not apply due to the special nature of the 
				olympic team competition. the legal experts had established 
				this. so nobody moves up, only the accumulated ranking points 
				are lost and, according to the isu, this is the only decision 
				that is compatible with the cas ruling. a different calculation 
				could affect teams that were not involved in the case. more 
				detailed information on this could not be found. the rules of 
				the olympic team competition published by the isu do not mention 
				the case of disqualification of a participant. the obvious 
				explanation is that the team competition is about the overall 
				performance of the team and not the individual performances. 
				this means that valieva's points are deducted in full, but the 
				other individual performances do not receive more points.
both the russian and canadian teams appealed against the isu's 
				recalculation to the cas. while the russians wanted to be placed 
				first again, the canadians demanded the additional points and 
				thus bronze. cas dismissed both appeals on july 25 and august 2, 
				2024 respectively and confirmed the isu's final result. the 
				reasons for the ruling were not yet available.

				the americans and japanese, who had already been confirmed as 
				gold and silver medal winners, reacted with joy and relief. 
				skate canada announced that it was disappointed with the cas 
				ruling, stood by its own athletes and congratulated the teams 
				from the usa and japan. the russian federation thanked its 
				supporters and emphasized its opinion that the russian team was 
				the strongest in beijing. the russian athletes are happy that 
				they retained bronze. "yes, it's bronze, but with a golden 
				glow," wrote team captain nikita katsalapov. "considering 
				everything that has happened, this is also a victory for us and 
				one that is important for all of us." the russians' overall 
				performance was better than that of the canadians, even without 
				a female competitor, you have to admit.



				nevertheless, a bitter aftertaste remains in the valieva case 
				after the conclusion of all proceedings. the career of a young, 
				highly talented athlete has been destroyed and there are still 
				too many unanswered questions as to what really happened. even 
				the cas was unable to answer these questions. maybe one day it 
				all will come to light.

sources for further reading

				 



				full decision of cas from january 29, 2024

				 



				rules olympic team competition 2022

isu statements regarding the recalculation of the team 
				event



				from january 30, 2024


from 
				february 9, 2024










search


search the web
search this site











technical stuff
glossary of terminology

ijs basics

physics of positive jump aspects

thoughts on a modern competition structure

malinin executes extraordinary quad axel at worlds, judges say meh

has skating become an unjudgeable sport?

ilia malinin quad axel analysis

is hanyu quad axel quest a fool's errand?

clean programs and landed jumps

reductions for errors in jump elements

the perfect air position

a quad salchow, nearly as good as it gets

in search of the quad axel

the axel is the only jump that takes off backwards

current replay systems not up to task of insuring accurate calls
news nuggets
past news nuggets


 

2012

2013

2014

2015



2016

2017

2018

2019

2020 



2021

2022
 
 
 



2024-25 isu grand prix



				event

				location

				date



				skate america

				allen, tx

				october 18–20



				skate canada


				halifax, ns

				october 25–27




				france


				angers

				november 1-3





		
				nhk trophy


				tokyo

				november 8-10



				finland

				helsinki

				november 15-17




		
				cup of china


				chongqing

				november 22-24



				grand prix final

				grenoble

				december 5-8


2025-26 junior grand prix
august 20-23, 2025,

		
riga, lat
august 27 - 30, 

		
		
		2025, ankara, 
		tur
september 3-6, 

		
		
		2025, varese, ita
september 9-13, 

		
		
		2025,

		bangkok, tha
september 24 - 27, 

		
		
		2025, baku, aze
october 1-4, 

		
		
		2025, gdansk, pol
october 8-11, 

		
		
		2025,

		abu dhabi, uae










	   
	



contact us | copyright 2024 by isio  | advertise/address>



