





disstonian institute.com -- online reference of disston
saws
























 

company
history
quick glance guide to disston handsaw
models 

frequently asked questions
no. 7 and d-7 saws
d-8 saws
no. 8 saws
no. 9 saws
no. 12, 112, and d-12 saws

d-15, d-115, d-42, and d-43 victory
saws
no. 16 and d-16 saws
d-17 saws

d-20, d-21, d-22, and d-23 saws
no. 43 and other combination saws
no. 76 saws 
no. 77 handsaws and backsaws

d-95, d-100 (late model), and
d-111 saws
no. 99 saws
d-100 saws
no. 120 acme saws
compact 1874 toolbox handsaw
backsaws
an undocumented disston open-handled
backsaw

no. 68, 70, and 71 dovetail saws
ship saws
keystone saws
gallery of interesting saws

medallions -- how old is my
saw?
online auction seller's ez guide to disston saw manufacturing dates
disston etches and stamps

disston saw advertising
disston saw catalogs and brochures
screw and medallion sizes on disston saws
analysis of steel in disston saws
articles from disston publications
1928
1931
1948
1953
biographical sketch of henry disston by his
grandson
why bother with handsaws?
why bother with handsaws? part 2
purpose and philosophy of the disstonian
institute
glossary of saw terms

foley saw filers














henry disston started selling his own saws in 1840, operating
out of a rented basement in philadelphia. despite setbacks during
his first decade in business, such as fires and the confiscation of
his machinery in a rent dispute, disston built his company into the
largest manufacturer of saws in the world. disston was an
innovative manufacturer and marketer, leading the way with products
other companies tried to imitate. the saws' consistently high
quality kept the company strong for another three generations after
henry disston's death.
this non-commercial website is intended to be a resource for
people interested in disston handsaws: whether you're a beginning
collector, an online auction seller who wants know more about the
saws you're trying to pitch, or someone who wants to restore and
actually use a handsaw.

here is a link to a page similar to the website 
that started it all for me.  this is what was available online in the 
late '90's to learn about disston saws.  other materials were not yet 
online and were hard to find.  the original site featured a series of 
scans taken from a 1914 edition of disston's the saw: how to use it;
how to keep it in order. my use of this site and its subsequent
disappearance led to my decision to develop the "institute".  
the material has disappeared from the web twice, so i have scanned
the book and uploaded it myself.  my copy of the publication is
the 1918 edition, so it is slightly different from the version 
once hosted by ralph brendler, but well worth a look.
acknowledgements:  information on
manufacturing dates comes from erv schaffer's book handsaw
makers of north america, ©1999, osage press. information on
manufacturing dates of saw medallions is the research of pete
taran, and was published in "the fine tool journal". check out
pete's website.













all information on this
site is intended for educational or entertainment purposes only.
this site is in no way affiliated with any company doing business
with the name disston. rights to trademarks reproduced on this site
are reserved to their owners. links and nods to other sites,
companies, or individuals conducting business are not to be
considered endorsements or an acceptance of any liability for the
actions of others.
caveat emptor.
 
i am not an appraiser; please don't ask me
what your saw is worth.
your guess is as good as mine.
 
all contents ©2001 - 2025  
erik von sneidern: disstonianinstitute/ät/gmail/döt/-c-o-m-/






