





ourlifexp singapore – covering finance, travel, food & life experiences


































skip to content




ourlifexp singapore
covering finance, travel, food & life experiences



menu



about our life xp
contact us






menu










interactive brokers lifting inactivity fees in singapore 




posted on july 11, 2021 by entityx 





good news for those using interactive brokers, they recently sent out a mailer updating account holders that they will be removing the inactivity fees which used to be usd 10 per month. what is this fee about? the fee is levied when an account doesn’t maintain a minimum balance or transaction activity. when is the… continue reading







how to buy travel cake tvl coin on pancake swap? 




posted on june 14, 2021 by entityx 





as of this writing, travelcake.io is still not yet listed on any exchange. they had a private sale and pre launch sale for 2500 bnb which sold out in less than 4 mins. if you like to get in early before they start major marketing, you can purchase $tvl on pancakeswap via this address https://exchange.pancakeswap.finance/#/swap?outputcurrency=0x4388ca448baf6785bf1222a3e8e266536548ed75… continue reading







saving for kids higher education, what ideas do you have? 




posted on june 4, 2021may 28, 2021 by entityx 





my kids are still pretty young, but having a friend working in a company helping teenagers select their tertiary or higher educational paths telling me the cost of going to university made me wanted to start thinking about their tuition fees. so as we head into the june holidays and enhance phase 2, here are… continue reading







cheeky marketing to counter competition price increase 




posted on may 28, 2021may 28, 2021 by entityx 





comfort recently launched their new ride booking app – zig, which allows singaporeans to book taxis, order food and enjoy deals. they just sent out a marketing email in response to grab’s latest price increase announce which i thought it was a good cheeky move to acquire new users and be relevant to their audience.… continue reading







gemini personal bank account for crypto trading 




posted on may 23, 2021 by entityx 





in may, gemini just improved their fiat bank transfer capability. now each gemini.com user gets their own unique bank account number. this allows us to transfer sgd into gemini in a quick and simple way, no more mix up as the account number belongs to you as an individual. here’s a snippet from their email… continue reading







hdb landed properties in singapore, worth it or not? here’s my personal opinion 




posted on may 15, 2021 by entityx 





recently there have been some coverage about a rather unique property type built by hdb in the 1950-70s during singapore’s nation building formative years. the youtube video was talking about a landed property or terrace house built by hdb which is the largest land owner in singapore and is known to build subsidized housing for… continue reading




giving 1x apple stock, is it enough to hook new users? moomoo free stock trading app 




posted on march 2, 2021april 5, 2021 by entityx 





we now live in a world of startups or businesses that tend to  dangle free items to acquire customers. gone are the days where you would need to pay to try something , just look at the past  few “free” offering we had recently, free rides (grab and uber), free food (grab & foodpanda), free… continue reading







die with zero by bill perkins book review 2021 




posted on january 18, 2021 by entityx 





started the year with a thought provoking book which puts asian values to the test. if you are asian, you would understand the logic leaving something for your kids and later generations. in die with zero, bill questions this logic about us working too much and too long wasting our life force. this is really… continue reading







new google pay singapore, why you should use it 




posted on november 5, 2020january 5, 2021 by entityx 





google pay recently revamped and launched an update for singapore.  google pay, now supports our national pay now network where users can conduct p2p fund transfers, payments to businesses via uen, in-counter payment, order food online (self pickup) or buy movie tickets. this new experience launched in september 2020, allows customers of dbs paylah!, ocbc… continue reading







5 lessons i learnt after having a car accident 




posted on september 8, 2020 by entityx 





the question above is something that i want to share with readers when it comes to car accidents. who do you call, where do you send your vehicles too and what should you do during an automotive accident in singapore. here’s what i’ve learnt from my experience being in an accident earlier this year. in… continue reading




posts pagination

1
2
3
4
…
6
next








search for:



categories

earn

experience

invest

protect

save




recent posts


interactive brokers lifting inactivity fees in singapore


how to buy travel cake tvl coin on pancake swap?


saving for kids higher education, what ideas do you have?


cheeky marketing to counter competition price increase


gemini personal bank account for crypto trading


hdb landed properties in singapore, worth it or not? here’s my personal opinion


popular termsbrokers
business
car accident
covid
cpf
credit cards
cryptocurrency
deals
earn
ecommerce
economy
equity
finance
financial fears
financially free
fire
fire movement
food
home loan
home purchase
hotel
income
insurance
interest rate
investment
jobs
medisave
mortgage
news
ocbc bank
prime
property
retirement
retirement income
sales
save
savings
savings account
singapore
singaporean
singapore bank
singapore sme
stock market
stock trading
travel







				©
				2025 
				ourlifexp singapore 
				
					 | powered by superbs  personal blog theme















