






health & food supplements information service



































twitter
youtube
contact us
 







search


 








a to z of supplements
news & views
research & reports
food supplements regulations
about us

meet the experts


faqs





welcome to hsis,the home of accurate and balanced information on vitamins, minerals and other food supplementswelcome to hsis,the home of accurate and balanced information on vitamins, minerals and other food supplements









i’m a journalist


hsis provides information and comment to the media about food supplements. 

read more








i’m a health professional


hsis provides information for health professionals working in the field of diet and nutrition. 

read more


 






search our a-z of vitamins, minerals & food supplements, for accurate and balanced information.





search


 


 



news & views

search our news & views using the filter below:

all
e-briefingmedia releasestatementvideo




media release 
millions of people heading into winter with a lack of immunity nutrients



october 28, 2024october 28, 2024




new study shows sizeable gap for vitamin d, iron and selenium – all essential for normal immunity that’s the key finding of a new scientific review entitled: british dietary habits and declining nutrient intakes[1] - from the health and food supplements information service – www.hsis.org - which also found that most women lacked folate (also called folic acid) which protects developing infants against spina bifida, a neural tube defect. nutritionist and co-author of the new research review, dr pamela mason,…






media release 
omega-3 fatty acids are essential for health and wellbeing



may 30, 2024may 30, 2024




hsis has responded to a study published in bmj medicine journal which looked at a group of 502,461 uk participants, aged 40-69 years, and the role of fish oils around a variety of effects in relation to cardiovascular health. read the statement from hsis here.






media release 
a third of brits are vitamin d deficient according to a new research review - new study research review by health & food supplements information service (hsis) concludes that preventing deficiency can only be achieved by supplementation for all



september 06, 2023september 07, 2023




maintaining its status as a hot topic, vitamin d is the subject of a new research review titled vitamin d: the challenge of bridging the gap and the rationale for supplementation, published in the food and nutrition journal.[1] the new research review’s authors have shone a light on the mounting evidence pointing to the importance of the sunshine nutrient for our health and wellbeing. they hsis authors also found worrying gaps in the uk’s vitamin d levels, pointing to research…






media release 
overweight and undernourished



january 10, 2022january 10, 2022




new report shows brits urgently need a nutrition reset to get immune health back on track   three-quarters of brits recognise that immune health is compromised by bad diets, according to a new report[1] commissioned by the health and food supplements information service (www.hsis.org), yet there are worrying signs that our diets are way off track, putting immune health under strain as autumn gets underway. the report – immune health: micronutrients under the microscope – brings together a new poll…


dr carrie ruxton 



media release 
uk failing to meet the recommended daily requirements of eight key nutrients, potentially wreaking havoc on the nation's health and wellbeing



december 22, 2021january 10, 2022




should you be concerned about your nutrient intake? new data from the health & food supplements information service (hsis) reveals many people in the uk are lacking in eight key nutrients, with potentially harmful effects on their health. the hsis report - back to basics: the nutrients you need, served on a plate[1] - looks at the challenges of meeting recommended nutritional intakes through diet alone. for instance, the hsis report notes, for an adult female to meet the recommended…


dr carrie ruxtondr nisa aslam 
view more





our latest tweets
tweets by healthsuppsinfo 
media enquiries to contact the hsis press office team please call:
 020 3600 0228 / 07867 513 361
email: hsis@junglecatsolutions.com 

meet the experts hsis works with independent diet and nutrition experts to provide evidence-based, accurate comment on food supplements issues. 

 





did you know?
what is in food supplements?vitamins and minerals are essential nutrients that the body needs in very small amounts to work properly. 
read morehow are food supplements regulated?all food in the uk is subject to a large body of law which is intended to ensure consumer safety and good standards across all types of foods...
read morecan people get all the nutrients they need from their diet?eating a healthy, balanced diet is the best way to get all the nutrients the body needs.
read moredoes taking supplements replace the need for a varied and balanced diet?as the name suggests, food supplements are only intended to ‘supplement’ people’s diets and not replace healthy foods.
read morewhat happens if people don’t get all the vitamins and minerals they need?nutrition underpins good health and a considerable body of research has highlighted links between inadequate intakes of vitamins and minerals and poor health.
read morehow do people know which food supplements can benefit them?it’s not easy for people to tell if they’re getting all the nutrients they need from food, therefore many people choose to take a supplement, such as a multivitamin and mineral, to top up any nutrient shortfalls in their diet...
read moreis it possible to take too much of a certain vitamin or mineral?provided that supplements are taken in the amounts recommended on the pack by the manufacturer or retailer, and the safe upper levels (sul) are not exceeded by combining too many different supplements, then it is highly unlikely that supplements ...
read morewhat is an nrv and why is it important?nrv is an abbreviation of ‘nutrient reference value’. nrv’s are set for 13 vitamins and 14 minerals for the purposes of food labelling and are eu guidance levels on the daily amount of vitamin or mineral that the average healthy person needs to prevent...
read moreis it safe for children to take supplements?the department of health recommends that all children aged six months to five years are given a supplement containing vitamins a, c and d.
read moreis it ok to take different supplements at the same time?combining supplements will not normally interfere with the way they work and in some cases may be beneficial, for example vitamin c helps iron absorption. 
read morecan some supplements stop medicines from working?supplements will not generally stop medicines from working. however, there are interactions between nutritional status and the action of some medicines.
read morewhat’s the difference between a food supplement and a herbal medicine?herbal substances come from plants and many are used in both food supplements and medicinal products.
read morewhat should people check when choosing a food supplement product?the quality of food supplements varies considerably. it is safest to buy from a reputable brand and retailer.
read morecan hsis provide advice about bringing food supplements products to market?no.  hsis is an information service for the media and health professionals. hsis provides balanced, scientifically accurate information on...
read more 


 the health and food supplements information service is funded by pagb, the consumer healthcare association, which represents the manufacturers of branded otc medicines, self care medical devices and food supplements in the uk.
pagb (proprietary association of great britain), new penderel house, 283-288 high holborn, london, wc1v 7hp. registration no. 375216, place of registration: england. 

 

© 2025 pagb. all rights reserved | designed & built by kariba


by using this website you agree to our 
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms
sitemap





 top


  jargon buster





jargon buster

×



        
the language of food supplements and nutrition can sometimes be technical or confusing. we've put together a glossary to help you understand some of the most common terms. if you have suggestions for further entries to the glossary, please contact us.




µg
microgram a measurement of weight equal to one millionth of a gram (or one thousandth of a milligram). microgram (µg or mcg) is used for a number of nutrients found in food supplements.


amino acid
the building blocks of protein, there are eight essential amino acids which cannot be synthesised within the body and therefore must come from the diet. these are: isoleucine, leucine, lysine, methionine, phenylalanine, threonine, tryptophan and valine. in addition arginine and histidine are amino acids required by infants and young children which supports their rapid growth.


antioxidant
a substance or nutrient which helps to protect our cells from damage caused by free radicals, damaging molecules which are found in pollution and tobacco smoke. our bodies also produce free radicals as part of the normal biochemistry of living.


deficiency
a lack of essential macronutrients or micronutrients which results in malnutrition and or disease. this may be the result of inadequate intakes or absorption issues associated with gastrointestinal disease. there are a number of recognised deficiency diseases including (but not exclusively): scurvy (vitamin c deficiency); rickets (vitamin d deficiency); anaemia (iron deficiency, but also deficiencies in b12 and folic acid) and kwashiorkor (protein deficiency).


dh
the department of health is a uk government department. it has responsibility for nutrition legislation and sets health policy for nutrition.


dha
docosahexaenoic acid; one of the key omega-3 fats that provides health benefits


dietitian
an individual qualified in nutrition and dietetics who can assess, diagnose and treat health issues associated with nutrition and diet. dietitians are governed by law with a statutory code of practice; they often work within the health service although increasing numbers are also working in a freelance capacity.


efa
essential fatty acids (omega 3 and omega 6) cannot be synthesised by the body and must be derived from the diet. efas do not provide fuel for energy production and are required for vital biological processes which support growth, development and health.


efsa
european food safety authority; the european union food risk management agency which scientifically evaluates safety across all areas of food.


epa
eicosapentaenoic acid; one of the key omega-3 fats that provides health benefits.


fat soluble vitamin
the fat soluble vitamins are vitamins a, d, e and k. because they are fat soluble these substances can accumulate in the body, often being stored in fat cells, or in the liver. this can create health issues, particularly if intakes have been high for a prolonged period of time. for example, long term high intakes of vitamin d may lead to the laying down of calcium in tissues such as liver and kidneys which can cause nausea and vomiting.


food supplement
a food supplement is a concentrated source of vitamins, minerals or other substances with a nutritional or physiological effect which is sold in small, measured unit doses.


fsa
the food standards agency is a non-ministerial uk government department responsible for food safety and food hygiene.


gla
gamma-linoleic acid is an omega-6 fatty acid (an essential fatty acid considered to be necessary for human health which must be derived from the diet). gla is most commonly found in evening primrose oil (epo), borage or starflower oil and blackcurrant seed oil.


health claim
a health claim is any claim which states, or implies, that consumption of a specific food will have a beneficial effect on health. claims may be written, verbal or pictorial.


herbal medicine (herbal remedy)
a product is considered to be a herbal medicine if the main active ingredient/s are only herbal substances or preparations. not all herbal products are medicines, some may be food supplements and some may be cosmetics. what determines if a product is, or is not a medicine is complex but generally rests with how the product is presented (i.e. does it make medicinal claims to treat, prevent or cure any disease) and what it does (i.e. does it have a physiological impact on, or alter, any body functions).


macronutrient
dietary constituents which are needed in significant amounts, generally protein, fat, carbohydrate, fibre and water.


malnutrition
malnutrition is a state in which the deficiency of nutrients such as energy, protein, vitamins or minerals results in measurable adverse effects on the body. malnutrition may refer to insufficient intake of protein, carbohydrate and fats (macronutrients) which can result in overly low bmi. it may also be insufficient intake of vitamins, minerals and other micronutrients, which can impact on overall health and could include obese individuals with poor diets.


mg
milligram is a measurement of weight equal to one thousandth of a gram. mg is used for a number of nutrients found in food supplements.


micronutrient
a substance derived from food which is needed in extremely small amounts for the normal growth and development of living beings. micronutrients are vitamins, minerals and essential fatty acids (omega-3 fats)


mineral
inorganic micronutrient essential to health and wellbeing. minerals are absorbed from soil by plants which are in turn eaten by animals or humans. minerals may be split into minerals which are needed in relatively high amounts (calcium, phosphorus, magnesium, sodium, chloride and potassium) and trace elements (iron, zinc, cobalt, copper, chromium, fluoride, iodine, manganese, molybdenum, boron and selenium) which are needed in very small quantities.


multivitamin
a product which contains more than one vitamin, often multivitamins will contain all 13 vitamins although some may contain only the eight b vitamins, or a combination of some of the vitamins and some additional minerals.


ndns
the uk national diet and nutrition survey is a continuous rolling survey of the dietary habits and nutritional status of adults and children in the uk. the results are used to assess whether intakes of food and nutrients are adequate across different ages and population groups.


nrv
nutrient reference value is the amount set by the european food safety authority (efsa), primarily to support food labelling, which the majority of the population requires to maintain health. previously known as rda


nutrient
a substance derived from food which provides nourishment to the body and is essential for the maintenance of life and for growth and development.


nutritionist
nutritionists generally work for public bodies or governments, although some do work with private clients. they tend to look at large populations to determine risk factors and make dietary recommendations that are applied at population levels. for example, evidence on the incidence of type ii diabetes led public health nutritionists to determine that some populations are more at risk of developing this disease, and to make recommendations for dietary changes to either reduce the risk or manage the disease. however, public health nutritionists do not practice with individual patients.


omega-3 fats
essential fatty acids which cannot be synthesised by the body and must be derived from the diet. primary sources for omega-3 fats are oily fish and fish oil supplements with some also coming from enriched eggs and fortified foods. there are a number of scientifically proven health benefits for omega-3 fats including supporting the health of the eyes, brain and heart, maintaining an appropriate balance of triglycerides in the blood and reducing blood pressure.


omega-6 fats
essential fatty acids which cannot be synthesised by the body and must be derived from the diet. primary sources for omega-6 are vegetable oils such as sunflower and corn oils as well as nuts and seeds. there are a number of health benefits associated with omega-6 fatty acids; they are thought to be beneficial in the management of premenstrual syndrome and in some skin conditions including eczema and psoriasis.


pagb
proprietary association of great britain (pagb) is the uk trade association which represents the manufacturers of branded over-the-counter medicines, self care medical devices and food supplements.


prebiotics
foods which promote the growth of probiotics, the beneficial bacteria that inhabit our gut. prebiotics are generally fibres such as inulin, which our bodies cannot digest and absorb but which provide a food source for probiotics.


probiotics
live bacteria (and some yeasts) which inhabit the digestive tract which are viewed as being beneficial to human health. there are thousands of different bacterial strains; some are resident in specific areas of the digestive tract whilst others are transient, simply passing through.


public health england (phe)
public health england is an agency of the department of health responsible for improving public health. they work with local government, the nhs and non-governmental organisations as well as communicating public health messages to the general public.


pufa
polyunsaturated fatty acids (pufa) are found in nuts, seeds, fish (and fish oil), krill and some algae, small amounts are also found in leafy greens. the omega-3 and omega 6 fats are pufas, which are generally associated with health.


rda
recommended daily amount; previously used terminology for the amount set, primarily to support food labelling, which the majority of the population require to maintain health. now described using nutrient reference value (nrv)


sul
safe upper levels of vitamins and minerals were established by the expert group on vitamins and minerals who published a report in 2003 (https://cot.food.gov.uk/sites/default/files/cot/vitmin2003.pdf). the uk food supplements industry works to the levels set in this report.


vitamin
organic micronutrient essential to health and wellbeing. vitamins cannot be synthesised in sufficient amounts by the animal or human body and must therefore be obtained from the diet. plants manufacture vitamins which move up the food chain as the plants are consumed by animals or humans. vitamins can be divided into fat soluble (vitamins a, d, e and k) and water soluble (vitamins b1, b2, b3, b5, b6, b12, biotin, folic acid and vitamin c).


water soluble vitamin
the b vitamins and vitamin c are water soluble. they are not stored in any significant quantities within the body and are generally either utilised or excreted in the urine. as they are not stored in the body, they tend to have low toxicity and are needed on a daily basis.




       
















we use cookies to personalise content and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our site with our analytics partners. if you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.acceptnoread more



 


