









ecosanres: ecological sanitation research















home about us discussion group factsheets multimedia links contact news publications intranet people nodes pilot projects





global mdg challenge

2.5 billion with no sanitation
		1.75 billion to be served by 2015

450 million new installations by 2015

15,000 
		installations per hour to 2015










microbial exposure and health 
	assessments in sanitation technologies and systems

	by 
	thor axel stenström, razak seidu,
 nelson ekane and christian zurbrügg



pdf (5.3 mb)






 
	
 
	





upgrading the blair vip in zimbabwe
a simple builder's 
	manual 
concept explained and 
	methods of toilet construction

	 by peter morgan
for detailed manual  

click here









	trees as recyclers of nutrients from human excreta

by peter morgan
 








teaching ecological sanitation and menstruation management in schools
	a series of manuals, presentations and fact sheets by peter morgan and annie 
	kanyemba, zimbabwe

teaching ecological sanitation in schools (pdf 
		32.69 mb)
ecosan in schools 9 fact sheets (pdf 
		1.2 mb)


		35 presentations on ecological sanitation in schools 

growing up at school: a guide to menstrual 
		management for school girls (pdf 
		4.7 mb)
		shona (zimbabwe) (pdf 6 mb)
		ndebele (uganda) (pdf 6 
		mb)





annie shangwa and students at chisungu primary 
	school, epworth, zimbabwe (aquamor, morgan)





	the ecosanres (ecological sanitation research) programme aims to develop and promote sustainable sanitation in the developing world through capacity development and knowledge management as a contribution to equity, health, poverty alleviation, and improved environmental quality.

ecosanres is funded by sida and is a 
	member of the sustainable sanitation alliance (susana) 
	and the african sanitation knowledge network (asknet). 
	a key outcome of the current phase of ecosanres is the creation of
	knowledge nodes. ecosanres is also a partner in the 
	ifad-funded project on productive sanitation in aguié 
	province, niger.
 





stored urine ready for use on fields in 
    ouagadougou, burkina faso. (crepa/dagerskog)






key resources you can find on this website are:


factsheets 
        on sustainable sanitation issues and the knowledge nodes in africa, asia 
        and latin america
publications, including "toilets 
		that make compost", "pathways 
		for sustainable sanitation" and our classic "ecological 
		sanitation: revised and enlarged edition". most of our 
		publications are available for download free of charge, and we are 
		gradually adding translations of popular publications into other 
		languages.
information on our ecosan discussion 
		group.
a list of the alumni of participants 
        of the international training programme in ecosan alternatives is 
        available. read more...
and how to get in contact with us!

 




recent news items and announcements




	practical guidance on the use of urine in crop production by anna 
	richert, robert gensch, håkan lönsson, thor-axel stenström and linus 
	dagerskog. 
now in spanish and french. (posted oct 26, 2011)


africasan, kigali, rwanda (july 19-21, 
	2011) (link to 
	presentations)
thematic sessions and side events  (pdf)the learning network’s approach to sustainable sanitation for all (pdf)linkages between agriculture and productive sanitation: scaling up ecosan in 
	africa (pdf)


4-in-1 biogas systems a field study on 
    sanitation aspects & acceptance issues in chaoyang and shenyang 
    municipalities, liaoning province. china node for sustainable sanitation 
    (cnss). may 2011. centre for sustainable environmental sanitation, 
    university of science and technology beijing. 36p.
    
    (pdf 1.12 mb) (posted 21 june 2011)


proceedings of gender and communications 
    workshop for esr knowledge nodes 
    - 13-14 sept 2010 read 
    more... (posted 11 may 2011) 




    reuse work in niger now complemented with an ifad technical advisory note 
    (tan). 

    the main outcomes and lessons learnt from the breakthrough work performed by 
    ppilda, crepa and sei on productive sanitation in aguié province of niger is 
    now available as an ifad technical advisory note (tan). this note can 
    facilitate the inclusion of productive sanitation initiatives in ifad-supported 
    programs in niger and elsewhere. 
read more... (posted: 4 may 
    2011)

additional news and announcements can be found in our 
	news archive


