

laura palmer's secret diary


















laura palmer's secret diaryas seen by jennifer lynch.
based upon characters created by
david lynch and mark frost for the television series, 'twin peaks'











thursday
 
october 12, 1985   dear diary, i tried a marijuana cigarette the other night. donna and i had a sleepover at her place, but her parents went out for the night with mine to the great northern for a party benjamin was throwing. donna and i didn't really want to go, and i especially didn't because of audrey. i talked donna into riding our bikes up to the book house to meet some new people. it took me forever to convince her i wouldn't tell anyone, and that we would be back before our parents. finally she agreed because both of us have been terribly bored with all the same faces around all the time. we were barely there a half hour before these guys, josh and tim, and one other one, but i can't remember his name, came up to us. i was smoking a cigarette that i stole from the reception desk at the great northern one day when i brought johnny an indian storybook.  they thought we were older because one of us was smoking. so josh came up with tim and the other guy. they said they were from canada, and there was no doubt about that because they couldn't stop saying "ay." "want a better cigarette, ay?" tim liked donna right away, which freaked her out a little because all three of them were like twenty years old. none of them rocked my boat. they all looked like nice guys. i felt pretty safe, but not excited . . . you know what i mean?  anyway, i said i wanted to try a better cigarette, and donna and i followed them out to the back of the book house to do it. donna made up this elaborate story about how we were just visiting twin peaks for the night, and that we had to meet our tour bus in less than an hour. she said we were on a tour called round about the woods. i guess they believed her because they hurried up and lit this thing right up. josh said we might not feel it the first time, but donna and i proved him wrong. he said we had to "hold it in, ay?" and we did . . . six times! diary, it was amazing. talk about feeling relaxed and warm and a little bit . . . sexy.  i called donna "trisha," and she called me "bernice"! (just in case they ever came back and asked for us . . . for any reason. we didn't want anyone to know.) so, we were absolutely laughing harder than i ever have before. every single thing i saw was hysterical. everything was blurred and kinda wavy, like i was looking at the world through the bottom of an empty water glass. there was a warm, summer wind, and the trees smelled so good.  tim brought us a cup of coffee with chocolate mixed in, and all five of us sat and talked about all sorts of things, like if maybe our universe was just a tiny little speck of lint that a huge giant hadn't noticed on his sweater, and someday soon, who knows if this great giant would just brush us off, or toss us into a washer and drown us all to death. donna said maybe our idea of hundreds of years is only a split second to this giant, and soon something would have to happen, because how long can someone keep a sweater on?  we all liked the idea that there might be other little universes or "balls of lint" on this sweater, and we thought we'd someday like to meet a few people from these other places, as long as they were nice to us. we could hear a little bit of music coming out of the road house, and i just had to get up and dance a little. i felt better than i had in ages, just floating in the night air and feeling warm inside.  donna even danced with me for a few minutes until she realized we had to go meet . . . our tour bus! we had to lie and say we rented the bikes from the lost-and-found at the sheriff's station, but i don't think the guys bought that story at all. they were nice not to say anything to us about it, if they did know. maybe it added excitement to their night, too. then again, maybe not, because they're older and have probably had much more exciting nights than that.  when we were riding home, we kept having to stop because we had such giggles. then i got the most outrageous craving for cookies and milk, like i'd die if i didn't have any, and donna agreed a hundred percent that we had to have something sweet. she said there was pie at her house, but that didn't seem right. so we emptied our pockets and went into the cash and carry for treats. we bought so much junk that we had to walk our bikes back to donna's house so that we could each hold a bag. all the way home we were paranoid just like the guys said we would be because our eyes were all bloodshot and we wanted to get home before our parents did. we totally lucked out because just when we got into the house, dr. hayward called and said they were going to be a bit longer because benjamin was showing slides or something. thank god! we ran upstairs and put eye drops in our eyes, then turned on the stereo and ate and danced and laughed, and we were totally sound asleep when everyone got back.  i know drugs are bad, but i'm beginning to get the feeling i like being that way. kind of bad.  more tomorrow, laura  
9:06 pm

monday
 
my memories are immune from regression.  i can feel them, powerful smells, sensations.  everything is none to me and somehow beyond my reach. major briggs episode 21
12:34 am

wednesday
 
september 15, 1984  to the person invading my privacy: i cannot believe the distrust i feel in my family and friends. i know for a fact that my diary was taken and read by someone, maybe several someones. i will not be writing any more in this diary for a long time, if ever. you have ruined my trust and my feeling of security. i hate you for that, whoever you are!      on these pages i have written things sometimes too scary or too embarrassing even to read again myself. . . . i trust that these pages are turned only by me, only when i wish. many things are hurting and confusing me. i need my private pages, in order to see my mind outside me, push it away.       please stay away from this diary.       i mean it.  laura
9:22 pm

 
harry, i'm gonna let you in on a little secret.  everyday - once a day - give yourself a present.  don't plan it, don't wait for it, just let it happen.  it could be a new shirt in a men's store, a cat-nap in your office chair, or two cups of hot black coffee. agent cooper episode 6
9:21 pm

sunday
 
september 9,  1984  dear diary, i have discovered something about myself. do you remember the night i told you i woke up with that wonderful feeling? well! there is a special place on my body that lets me feel that as often as i like. a warm, wonderful place where everything else melts away and i am free to just feel good. my little secret red button. this is all mine. finally something that will take me away along with my fantasies. i can do it in my bed, very softly with my fingertip, which is so sweet. i can do it in the bathtub with the water as it pours out of the faucet. (i never knew a bath could be so enjoyable!) or in the shower, with a small stream of water coming from above. i move and jump and sometimes have to grab a pillow and put it over my head so that it is dark and no one can hear me making little noises. it is, after all, a secret, and whether this is right or wrong, i feel very good when it happens and no one need ever know, except you, dear diary.       it has been quite a week with my period coming and all, and now this sweet-as-honey discovery. now i am beginning to feel like a woman, and someday very soon, perhaps i will share this with someone special.      good night! good night! good night!  laura p.s. i hope in my heart that i am not doing something that is wrong by touching myself. i hope this is something all girls do, and that i won't be punished for it later.
10:29 pm

 
he is bobhere for funhe wears a smileeverybody run! philip gerard -the one armed man, while inhabited by the spirit mike.
10:27 pm

wednesday
 
september 1,  1984  dear diary, my breasts ache, which is almost silly because they're so tiny. i'll admit they are bigger than they were last week, and certainly nicer looking. always hard at the little pink tips. but god they hurt.       mom came in earlier and we actually had a nice talk. i told her i wished she hadn't told dad about my period, and she apologized but said she only did it because she knew how proud he would be of his little girl's becoming a woman. she changed the water in my heating pad and rubbed my stomach for a long time. we didn't need to say anything to each other for a long while, and still i felt like we were talking.      she crawled into bed with me for about an hour after that and let me fall asleep on her shoulder. we shared a soda when i woke up, and for the first time in a long while, i felt like we were really close.      i hope i can sleep through the night tonight.  love, laura
4:23 pm

 
i just know i'm going to get lost in those woods again, tonight.  i just know it. laura palmer on tape to doctor jacoby, episode 2
4:22 pm

sunday
 
august 31,  1984  dear diary,     i have not written to you for ages because i have been trying so hard to be happy and good and around people all the time so that i am never alone to think about the wrong things. today i must write to you, though, to tell you of the news.      i got my period. it is not at all what i thought it would be. school starts next week and now this. i was getting out of bed this morning and saw the blood. i called for mom, and she of course made this enormous deal out of the whole thing. she called dad when i had told her not to tell anyone. and now everyone probably knows up at the great northern. all i wanted was some damn pads or something, and she has to go into all of this stuff about how i am now a woman and everything. okay. okay. so it is kind of special. but this can only make things worse if i am not careful. i'm in bed now with cramps.       mom moved the television into my room, which was nice, and i have a heating pad on my belly and tons of aspirin on my nightstand. television doesn't interest me much, so i am left once again with strange thoughts of life and of . . . other things. i guess what is coming from me was to be the life source of some other being. i am glad there is no one inside me right now. at least not a child.       sometimes i think there is someone inside me, but it is another, stranger part of me. sometimes i see her in the mirror. i don't know that i ever want to have children of my own. something happens to parents, or people who become parents. i think they forget they were ever children themselves and that things might embarrass or upset their kids sometimes, but they have just forgotten or decided to ignore that. too many bad things happen to me sometimes late at night, so i probably would not be such a good mother. this makes me sad inside.       i am glad of one thing. jupiter is beside me in bed, and he is purring away softly. like you, he would never criticize me.  laura
4:37 pm

 
room service man: i've heard about you. the giant: i will tell you three things.  if i tell them to you and they come true then will you believe me? agent cooper: who's that? the giant: think of me as a friend. agent cooper: where do you come from? the giant: the question is where have you gone?the first thing i will tell you is - there's a man in a smiling bag.second thing is - the owls are not what they seem.third thing is - without chemicals he points. agent cooper: what do these things mean? the giant: this is all i'm permitted to say.  give me your ring.  i will return it to you when you find these things to be true.  we want to help you.  one last thing, leo locked inside a hungry horse - there's a clue at leo's house.  you will require medical attention. the giant and agent cooper episode 8
4:30 pm

 
august 16,  1984  dear diary,  never before in my life have i been so confused. it is five-thirty exactly in the morning, and i can barely hold this pen i am shaking so much. i have been in the woods again. lost. but have been led. i think i am a very bad person. tomorrow i will start a new way of living. i will not think any more bad thoughts. i will not think any more about sex. maybe he will stop coming if i try harder to be good. maybe i could be like donna. she is a good person. i am bad.  laura p.s. i promise, i promise, i promise to be good!
4:06 pm

 
i know that good is stronger than evil and yet sometimes it's difficult to see it.  even in a place like twin peaks.  agent cooper "diane ..." the twin peaks tapes of agent cooper.
4:05 pm













archives















links







glastonberry grove
www.davidlynch.com
television without pitythis text of this blog is based on a scan of the book by scannerdarkly. the quotes have been transcribed by two keen peakers.
    





get alerts








enter your email address below to subscribe to laura palmer's secret diary!


powered by bloglet







we use and recommend









 

















