





california holidays | no junk at caltia
























california holidays
no junk at caltia




menu
skip to content

homecalifornia wines
hollywood
san francisco





post navigation
← older posts




unveiling the urgency to save california’s environment for a sustainable tomorrow

posted on december 2, 2023  by  admin 



why save the environment of california
the protection and preservation of the environment is at the heart of everyone’s concerns. indeed, the ecosystem is increasingly destroyed for multiple reasons. it is therefore very important for us to protect our environment, so that we can continue to live on this planet.
an important waste management issue
the environment supports almost all forms of life on earth. every being benefits from its preservation. first, the environment provides us with free food through fauna and flora. it is also a source of life. both air and water sustain the life of all living beings. environmental protection also helps conserve the climate. this element is quite important, because it conditions the survival of species.
indeed, they adapt to a specific climate. otherwise, we will witness erosion phenomena, violent storms or drought phenomena. these modifications cause population movements and even the disappearance of certain species. this is why it is important to protect the forest. this is of course one example of a measure to take among many others.
growing problems
they continue to grow every year. one of the most important is air pollution through chemicals and other elements that can harm the environment. the main cause of this pollution is the excessive use of fossil fuels such as coal, oil or gas, often used in industries. water pollution is also quite problematic.
it does not only concern water in a liquid state but also in the form of snow or rain. in general, it is caused by industrial waste and toxic products dumped into water and which disrupt the ecosystem. the soil is also a very polluted environment, generally by chemical waste which is not biodegradable. global warming is gradually deteriorating many forms of life. this change is due to the emission of greenhouse gases.
they spread across the earth’s surface due to the destruction of the ozone layer. this phenomenon is due to the excessive use of electronic devices and household appliances.
solutions to adopt to better preserve the environment of california
it is quite difficult to clean up all the waste dumped into the atmosphere from long beach and other popular locations in california. the best solution is to raise awareness among each person. it starts with small everyday actions. waste sorting is also a measure to take because it helps save energy, for example. in fact, the products that are recycled will be used to manufacture less energy-intensive products. we must also favor transport that does not pollute the air, such as cycling. some countries have put in place suitable infrastructure such as the development of cycle lanes.
riding a bike helps to considerably reduce greenhouse gases in addition to being a fairly quick means of transportation in the city. it is also an economical and ecological means of transport. in fact, a bicycle does not require a significant investment, especially since it does not require specific equipment apart from a helmet and an anti-theft system. in addition, a few hours of cycling is a daily sport that helps prevent cardiovascular diseases or other conditions.
please note, however, that there are companies specializing in audits, diagnostics and environmental consulting. they support you when drafting regulatory files for the environmental code. also, they generally have the necessary experience and level of expertise. in all cases, you will benefit from services and benefits that meet your needs and requirements.
references

https://www.longbeach.gov/lbrecycles/
https://www.dgs.ca.gov/os
https://caltia.com/revamping-plastic-recycling-unveiling-californias-path-to-progress/
https://dumpsterrentallongbeachca.org/
https://caltia.com/glendale-waste-management-solutions/



posted in california, pollution
 | 
comments off on unveiling the urgency to save california’s environment for a sustainable tomorrow




revamping plastic recycling: unveiling california’s path to progress

posted on august 16, 2023  by  admin 


plastic recycling: california has a lot of progress to make
california remains poorly ranked in the usa for the recycling of plastic waste, and must continue to progress.
california remains poorly ranked in the states for the recycling of plastic waste, and must continue to progress, and the government of california’s objective of 100% recycled plastic waste by 2025 is unthinkable, estimated junk disposal experts recently.
california is in 12th place, out of 52 states, with 61.7% of plastic waste recovery, in the study on the recycling of plastics carried out every two years by a think tank and presented on thursday. but for the recycling rate, california falls to 21th place with 21.2%.
recovery includes both recycling and energy recovery by incineration. a target of 100% recovery corresponds to zero landfilling, which would dramatically reduce pollution in california.
the roadmap for the california circular economy, currently being drawn up, calls for 100% recycling of plastics by 2025.
there is a lot of progress to be made, told the director of technical and regulatory affairs for california. valuation is progressing, but too slowly.
recycling and waste management in california
that california tries to catch up is an absolute necessity. but it is unlikely that we will achieve an eco-efficient recycling rate of 100%.
for waste management and recycling specialists, the objective should be 100% recovery, with maximum recycling.
the study shows that some other states are performing better when it comes to waste management and recycling, ranging between 29% and 45%.
experts point out that the top 10 states in the us all have regulations in place restricting landfills.
in the united states as a whole, the recovery of plastics stands at 62.7% and recycling at 27.1%. these figures include exports of plastic waste outside the us.
among the positive elements of the study, at the national level, in 2022, for the first time, the recycling rate has exceeded landfill disposal. but this is not yet the case for california.
to improve the situation, the federation is counting on the implementation of the extension to the whole territory of the sorting instruction for all plastic packaging and the 5 flows decree obliging economic actors to sort recyclable waste.
a recent agreement at the national level sets a target of 50% recycled plastic packaging in 2025 and 55% in 2030.
the cost renting a dumpster in california
sometimes residents and businesses can rent a dumpster to bring all their junk to the nearest recycling facility.
the cost of renting a dumpster in california varies based on multiple factors including the dumpster size, rental duration, location within the state, and the type of waste you need to dispose of. generally, smaller dumpsters with capacities around 10 cubic yards might cost between $300 to $500 for a week-long rental. these are commonly chosen for residential clean-ups or minor renovation projects.
larger dumpsters, like those with 20 or 30 cubic yard capacities, are more suitable for sizeable construction endeavors or substantial clean-outs. their prices can range from $500 to $1,000 or more for a week’s rental. it’s important to note that exceeding the weight limit specified in the rental agreement can lead to additional charges.
prices can also vary by region within california due to differences in local regulations, disposal fees, and market demand (check this website for more information). certain urban areas might have higher costs compared to more rural locations.
moreover, extra costs might apply for special types of waste like hazardous materials or electronics. delivery and pickup fees should also be considered when budgeting for your rental.
to get an accurate idea of dumpster rental costs in your specific area within california, it’s recommended to request quotes from several local providers, accounting for all potential charges, and understanding the terms of the rental agreement thoroughly.


posted in california, pollution
 | 
comments off on revamping plastic recycling: unveiling california’s path to progress




glendale waste management solutions

posted on may 28, 2023  by  admin 



sustainability in the city of glendale
glendale, ca, is a city that has demonstrated a strong commitment to sustainability, implementing various initiatives to create an environmentally friendly and resilient community. with a focus on renewable energy, waste management, transportation, and green spaces, glendale has taken significant strides towards a sustainable future.
one area where glendale excels in sustainability is renewable energy. the city has invested in solar power projects, with solar panels installed on municipal buildings and residential areas. this not only reduces the city’s reliance on fossil fuels but also contributes to a cleaner and greener energy grid. furthermore, glendale has encouraged residents to adopt solar energy by offering incentives and rebate programs, making it more accessible for homeowners to install solar panels on their properties.
waste management is another crucial aspect of sustainability in glendale. the city has implemented a comprehensive recycling program, encouraging residents to recycle and providing convenient recycling facilities throughout the city. glendale also promotes composting to reduce organic waste and has implemented a ban on single-use plastic bags, reducing plastic waste and promoting the use of reusable bags.
in terms of transportation, glendale has made efforts to improve public transportation options and encourage alternative modes of commuting. the city has expanded its bus routes and bike lanes, making it easier for residents to choose sustainable transportation options. glendale has also implemented electric vehicle (ev) charging stations throughout the city, promoting the use of electric cars and reducing emissions from traditional vehicles.
glendale places a strong emphasis on preserving and enhancing its green spaces. the city has an extensive network of parks, gardens, and open spaces that provide recreational areas for residents while contributing to the overall sustainability of the city. glendale maintains these green spaces using sustainable landscaping practices, such as water-efficient irrigation systems and native plantings that require less water and maintenance.
to ensure long-term sustainability, glendale has established partnerships with local businesses, community organizations, and educational institutions. these collaborations aim to promote sustainability through joint initiatives, such as energy conservation programs, waste reduction campaigns, and environmental education programs. by engaging various stakeholders, glendale fosters a culture of sustainability and encourages collective action towards a greener future.
the city government also plays a vital role in sustainability efforts. glendale has implemented policies and regulations to promote energy efficiency and green building practices. the city has adopted the california green building standards code, which sets requirements for energy-efficient construction and encourages the use of sustainable materials. glendale’s government also supports and advocates for state and national policies that address climate change and promote sustainability.
in addition to these initiatives, glendale actively engages its residents through sustainability awareness campaigns and educational programs. the city organizes workshops, seminars, and community events to educate residents about sustainable practices, energy conservation, and waste reduction. by raising awareness and providing resources, glendale empowers its residents to make sustainable choices in their daily lives, fostering a more sustainable community as a whole.
overall, glendale, california, demonstrates a strong commitment to sustainability through its efforts in renewable energy, waste management, transportation, green spaces, partnerships, government policies, and community engagement. by prioritizing sustainability, glendale aims to create a city that is resilient, environmentally responsible, and enjoyable for current and future generations.
waste management issues in the city of glendale
the city of glendale, ca, faces several waste management challenges that need to be addressed to ensure a sustainable and clean environment. these issues include inadequate recycling infrastructure, improper waste disposal practices, lack of public awareness, illegal dumping, limited landfill capacity, contamination in recycling streams, and the need for improved waste reduction strategies.
one of the primary waste management issues in glendale is the insufficient recycling infrastructure. while the city has a recycling program in place, there is a need for more recycling facilities and convenient drop-off locations. expanding recycling options and improving accessibility would encourage more residents to recycle and divert recyclable materials from landfills.
improper waste disposal practices also pose a challenge in glendale. some residents may not be aware of proper waste segregation and disposal methods, leading to contamination in recycling streams and increased waste generation. educational campaigns and outreach programs can play a crucial role in educating residents about the importance of waste separation and proper disposal techniques.
illegal dumping is another significant concern in glendale. unlawful dumping of waste not only harms the environment but also creates eyesores in the community. the city needs to address this issue through increased surveillance, stricter penalties, and public awareness campaigns to discourage illegal dumping and encourage responsible waste management practices.
glendale, like many other cities, faces the issue of limited landfill capacity. as landfills reach their maximum capacity, alternative waste management strategies become imperative. the city should explore options such as waste-to-energy facilities, composting programs, and increased recycling to reduce the amount of waste that ends up in landfills and extend their lifespan.
contamination in recycling streams is a persistent challenge for glendale’s waste management system. when non-recyclable materials are mistakenly placed in recycling bins, it hinders the recycling process and reduces the efficiency of recycling facilities. the city can address this issue by implementing educational campaigns, providing clear guidelines on recyclable materials, and conducting regular audits to improve the quality of recycling streams.
to tackle waste management challenges effectively, glendale needs to focus on waste reduction strategies. this includes promoting the use of reusable products, encouraging businesses to minimize packaging waste, and implementing policies to reduce single-use items. by emphasizing waste reduction at its source, the city can significantly decrease the amount of waste generated and ease the burden on waste management systems.
public awareness and education play a vital role in addressing waste management issues. glendale should invest in educational programs that inform residents about proper waste disposal, recycling practices, and the benefits of waste reduction. by increasing public awareness, the city can foster a sense of responsibility and encourage residents to actively participate in sustainable waste management practices.
collaboration with local businesses, community organizations, and waste management companies is crucial in addressing waste management challenges in glendale. partnerships can help develop innovative solutions, improve waste collection systems, and explore new technologies for waste treatment and recycling. by working together, stakeholders can create a more sustainable and efficient waste management system in the city.
glendale faces several waste management challenges that require attention and proactive solutions, click here for more details. these issues include inadequate recycling infrastructure, improper waste disposal practices, limited landfill capacity, contamination in recycling streams, and the need for waste reduction strategies. by investing in education, infrastructure, and collaboration, glendale can improve its waste management system and move towards a more sustainable future.


posted in california, pollution
 | 
comments off on glendale waste management solutions




pollution in california

posted on september 4, 2022  by  admin 



pollution is all the undesirable substances circulating in the environment. this can be in the form of trash, raw sewage, chemicals and other substances. these are dangerous to the environment and humans. the environmental protection agencies have put in some rules to control these substances, especially in countries like the united states.
the usa is among industrialised countries in the world and is free from most of the common problems that other countries face. but pollution is a global issue and is not exclusive to any country.
california has taken a number of steps to reduce pollution in recent years.  nationally, the epa has introduced strict emission standards for automobiles and even for power plants to reduce the release of toxins in the air.
california has also put in place emission standards for industrial waste and has supervised their adherence. the situation seems to be getting better, but the source of the problem is still the population and its attitude towards the issue. californian residents are recommended to use dumpster rental services to remove their junk in order to reduce pollution.
pollution in the california is one of the biggest problems faced by the country and the whole world. pollution is a kind of garbage in the environment. the city garbage and other sorts of garbage causes pollution. most of the large cities are full of trash.
all sorts of garbage are thrown into the water and rivers. they are never cleaned. the rivers are full of germs and bacteria. they cause many diseases. many animals die. many times people throw dead animals into the water. these animals rot and change the water quality.
what is the pollution problem in california
in countries like the united states, the problem is more acute. air pollution is a problem the whole world is facing. according to the environmental protection agency (epa), approximately half of our nation’s population lives in areas where air pollution is common.
the states with the highest levels of air pollution include new york state, california, pennsylvania, illinois and texas. the most common pollutants that cause this problem are: ground level ozone, lead, carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxides and sulphur oxides.
many of these pollutants are a result of fossil fuel burning and emissions from automobiles. smog is one of the by-products of these pollutants that is especially harmful for people with lung or heart problems.
what are the reasons for pollution in the usa
the united states of america is the world’s largest economy and is the second largest contributor to pollution. cars, trucks, and other vehicles are the most common sources of most pollutants in the air.
on land, cars, trucks, and planes produce carbon monoxide and nitrogen oxide. these gas and others react with sunlight to create large amounts of ground-level ozone. automobiles also burn fuels that contain chemicals that create nitrogen oxide and volatile organic compounds.
on water, marine vessels, oil tankers, and other vessels create air pollution by burning the fossil fuels that move them. in the air, the largest contributor to pollution is carbon dioxide, a naturally occurring gas that is released from the burning of fossil fuels. the united states also contributes to air pollution on a global scale.
the usa is a large producer of greenhouse gas, like carbon dioxide and methane. scientists believe that these gas contribute to global warming and climate change.
how to solve the pollution problem by handling innovation ideas in california
pollution is indeed a big problem in the usa. for instance, the federal government has enacted standards like the clean air act of 1990, which is also known as the “hottest, driest, most polluted place in the united states.”
now we can begin to see how big the problem can be. air pollution alone is responsible for thousands of deaths in the united states. it is not about the cost of the solution, but how it can be implemented.
it is a long journey to find a solution, but if managed well, companies including dumpster rental companies can find a way to mitigate their environmental impact. through the help of innovation, there may be a solution for this issue in the future.
it is important to note that california must try to reduce our environmental impact, as there is no “one size fits all” approach for solving pollution. this is one of the most important issues to tackle in a country like the usa
how to control the pollution rate in the california
in the implementation of a strong economy, the usa has suffered from major problems of pollution. this was seen in the form of ‘acid rain’, which is a major problem in the areas surrounding the great lakes. in the past, the clean air act has been in place to help control the pollution. they have created industries which clean up the air.
the main focus, however, is on the producing industries. they have been required to use new ways of producing, which in turn create less pollution. this is a great alternative to relying on the weather. the act has helped the majority of the country, but the problem lies in the surrounding areas.


posted in california
 | 
comments off on pollution in california




pollution and dumpster rentals in california

posted on april 8, 2022  by  admin 



air pollution refers to any substances in the atmosphere that has the potential to harm people or the environment. the  california air resource board tries to decrease the following factors:

smog-forming emissions
air toxics
particulate matter
climate changing gases

smog is the most prevalent kind of air pollution which affects our intake of oxygen and problems with the underlying health.
air toxics are contaminants that have been defined as having substantial long-term health consequences or as having the potential to cause early deaths.
particulate matter (pm) is the complex mixture of microscopic solid particles & liquid droplets that can be found in the atmosphere. due to their ability to penetrate far into the body, even the smallest of them pose a serious hazard to public health.
climate-changing emissions are affecting the fundamental operating conditions of the planet, transforming entire ecosystems, and making it far more difficult to manage other forms of pollution.
why does this matter
air pollution has been linked to heart and lung diseases, as well as early death in some cases. pollutant particles that are large enough to be seen in the air may cause irritation & discomfort, while minuscule, fine pollutants by sources like  power plants or automobile exhaust can penetrate deep into lung tissue & reach the bloodstream.
because air pollution particles are transported from one location to another, it has an impact on the ecosystem as well. for example, increased acidification of lakes and streams, as well as shifting nutrient patterns in soil, are all possible.
exposure to small particle air pollution, such as that caused by wildfires, has been related to difficulties with respiratory & cardiovascular functioning, including the following symptoms:

decreased lung function
asthma
heartbeat that is irregular
a heart attack has occurred

those suffering from lung disease or heart illness are more likely to die early.
in 2011, it was predicted that fine particulate matter pollution in the air caused by human activities was responsible for 107,000 excess deaths. according to the same study, the cost to society was projected to be $886 billion. the office of management & budget (omb) of the united states government keeps track of the costs & benefits of federal regulations.
their findings revealed that regulations issued by (epa) environmental protection agency between 2004 & 2014 to limit air pollution generated between $157 billion & $777 billion in benefits to the united states economy, primarily as a result of reducing the health risks associated with particulate matter that is very small.
who is affected
certain groups of people are more vulnerable to the dangers of air pollution in terms of their health. individuals who suffer from cardiac and respiratory diseases are more likely to suffer from the negative consequences of pollution.
because of the high levels of air pollution, older people are more prone than younger ones to be admitted to the hospital.
children are more susceptible to consequences from air pollution than adults due to the development of their lungs, high activity levels, and high asthma rates.
particulate pollution has been linked to newborn fatalities in the 28-day and older age groups, as well as increasing (nicu) “neonatal intensive care unit.” admissions in recent years.
what works to fight pollution
it is well documented that reducing air pollution has beneficial effects on human health. reduced risk of all-cause lung cancer, mortality, and cardiovascular disease has been found in studies to be associated with reduced fine particle concentrations in the environment. the environmental protection agency estimates that the clean air act averted an estimated 200,000 heart attacks, 2.4 million asthma attacks, and 17 million lost workdays.
in the previous four decades, air quality standards & environmental protection policies have contributed to a reduction in air pollution, yet levels of pollution remain high in some locations. in recent years, some of the progress made over the last 50 years has been lost, with industry consultants taking the place of scientists on the environmental protection agency’s panels.
scientists have found it more difficult to give professional advice to the environmental protection agency as a result of this.
it is possible for individuals to make a difference in air pollution by reducing their use of fossil fuels and engaging in local power conservation programmes. individuals can make an effort to reduce their exposure to pollution. when possible, avoid long periods of vigorous exercises near busy streets or on days when the air quality is bad.
what is california’s primary source of pollution
in los angeles, diesel engines, ports, autos, and industry are major contributors to air pollution. ozone is formed when there are a lot of sunny days, little rain, and high concentrations of small particles and dust.
there are other types of pollution in california, such as soil pollution and water pollution. when dumpster rentals bring garbage to a landfill, it can contaminate the soil or the water streams. such junk can also pollute the environment if it is not properly disposed of.
california dumpster rental services like those offered by bargain dumpster can be hired to removed all sort of junk from homes or local businesses, so that it is treated the best way possible. such junk can be brought to a recycling center or to an efficient landfill that will minimize its effect on the environment.
companies like sacramento dumpster rentals whiz can help commercial, residential and indutrial needs in waste management and recycling services. hiring a dumpster rental is the easiest way to efficiently remove junk in bulk. the bins come in differents sizes and such junk disposal operator will make sure pollution is minimized.


posted in california, pollution
 | 
comments off on pollution and dumpster rentals in california




optimal management of household waste in california

posted on june 24, 2021  by  admin 



california elimination plan is an essential cog in the management optimal household waste. the elimination plan is part of a coherent renovation of our waste management. we must therefore now gradually organize their management and collectively manage the construction of recovery and treatment infrastructures more respectful of the environment. but if the projects, foreseen  by the plan, are first of all part of a national regulatory framework, at the local level, county plans of waste disposal impose constraints in terms of equipment and organization to the municipalities.
the need to take into account technical waste priorities
there are technical emergencies within california due in part to saturation around the year 2000 of the landfill/s which are currently functioning such as the center in irvine, which will be saturated before 2025 and that of anaheim, which will be saturated at the end of 2020, on the other hand, due to the uncertainty of opening new landfills, caused by the nature of soils which are porous and the morphology of the land.
in accordance with the provisions of the law of california, the state has a plan for the elimination of household and similar waste. indeed, it is made compulsory by the new regulatory framework resulting from this law, the departmental elimination plan, was drawn up at the end of 2015 under the authority of the governor, which specifies the composition of the departmental commission.
in 2010, the center revolved around 240,000 cubic tons per year, which corresponds to a density of compacted waste at 240,000 t / year. in 2025, the entire area allocated to the landfill will be saturated. an extension will be possible towards the sea over another ten hectares, with the possibility of saving another ten lockers of 200,000 cubic meters, provided that the supervisory authority gives its approval. 
development and formatting of the waste management plan
this commission thus brings together municipalities, counties, the general council, approved dumpster rental associations, activists in favor of environmental protection, representatives of of the state, waste professionals, representatives of the the environment and energy management, as well as consumers interviewed by the commission according to the subject dealt with. when the state commission has developed a draft plan, it must submit it for advice to the council of the state, then the plan is approved by the administrative authority of california. 
in view of the deadlines granted and in order to advance the work, it is essential that the commission determine its work program, the modalities of its operation and establish a rigorous work schedule. the plan steps are as follows:
the planning commission validated the inventory of collection and processing, highlighting the strengths and weaknesses and examined the constraints and goals. also, the main objectives retained by the meeting waste commission lead to encourage the reduction of waste production at source by incentive to compost the organic fraction of household waste at the garden particularly in the heights and isolated areas; seek the complementarity of processing channels (material recovery recyclables, composting, waste incineration); advocate sorting at source and selective collections through options realistic and adapted to constraints and recovery sectors existing, with the objective of separate collection of glass, paper, cardboard boxes and other packaging, with a gradual ramp-up, after validation on test areas.
california dumpster rental
it is important to choose composting and incineration with energy production as basic treatment techniques, for residual materials after selective collection, to define the future organization of the department by maintaining traditional collections at the level of municipalities. by promoting groupings counties for selective collection like the irvine dumpster rentals initiative, green waste management and processing plants, the region can cover the landfill needs of the ultimate standards for existing sites, particularly at irvine.
the opening of a technical landfill center from the year 2025 will establish a cost equalization for transfer and treatment and promote job creation. the planning commission validated its objectives, taking into account the constraints and existing assets within the state of california. it validated the draft plan and the latter was submitted for opinion to the general council and from then it was submitted to public inquiry. then, the waste management planning commission assisted the competent administrative authority to reviewing information relating to its implementation.


posted in pollution
 | 
comments off on optimal management of household waste in california




turmeric curcumin and sushi

posted on october 1, 2016  by  admin 



due to the large asian population in california, japanese food and sushi in particular are very popular.
they are now making sushi with curcumin and this is one of my favorites. this asian spice has a lot of medecinal properties and it tastes great when added on a sushi, what a great combination. you can find information about the nutritional properties of turmeric curcumin at this link: https://www.amazon.com/turmeric-curcumin-extract-standardized-curcuminoids/dp/b00hnvb3y6. 
below we discuss more generally about the benefits of eating sushi for it value in nourishment and as a nutriment.
it contains omega-3 fatty acids
you’ve probably heard of people saying that fish is good for you. this is because the oils in the fish contain essential fatty acids that our body needs. 
these fatty acids are the ones that we don’t consume enough in our daily diet. think of eating sushi as supplementing your nutrition with healthy fatty acids which supports your cardiovascular health.
lean choice when on a diet
let’s face it, fish are generally healthy. regardless you’re in a diet or not, you can eat any kind of fish you want. when eating in restaurants, meat is usually lathered in oil – and we don’t want that. 
when you are watching your weight, or simply making the right choices of food, sushi is the best choice. it doesn’t only tastes good, it is also a healthier option compared to anything offered in any menu.
sushi is art
do you know that in japan, sushi makers have to undergo extensive training to master this art? in fact, if you go to sushi places, you will meet sushi makers who have been making this cuisinart for at least a decade. 
these masters usually keep an apprentice with them to pass down their knowledge. in the united states, chefs undergo intensive training too. sushi doesn’t only rely on the kind of fish a chef uses, it also is heavily judged in the way it was made and the way it was presented.
it’s fun
there are plenty of varieties of sushi. you can playfully pick any kind of sushi you want from nigari to the famous maki. to be honest, it is also quite fun to use chopsticks and dip your sushi in some soy sauce with wasabi. but the best part of it all is picking the sushi that you believe tastes the best.
it is a part of an old culture
sushi is a great way of exploring a different culture. japanese highly value their sushi as an art for many years and its simplistic nature represent the people of japan very well. although many western and eastern influences have been adapted in the modern day sushi, this food is still a good representation of who the japanese are.
you can make one at home
believe it or not, making your own sushi platter is not that expensive depending on the season. if you are lucky enough to catch a deal of fresh fish either on a supermarket or a farmer’s market, you can surely save big bucks instead of ordering one from a restaurant. it has a very minimal ingredients. 
if you have an intricate hand, you will enjoy making these for sure. if you have some company coming over, it’s a great way to impress your house guests!


posted in news
 | 
comments off on turmeric curcumin and sushi




social security in california

posted on january 4, 2014  by  admin 


social security is a major issue in today’s political field. the problems with it and the many proposed solutions are debated daily. nearly every californian citizen is enrolled in social security yet few know the full extent of the problem, or how the system works.
now that we understand the full extent of the problem with social security, we can look at the proposed solutions and judge how well they will fix the problem. different solutions include “personal retirement accounts” (pras), diversifying social security’s trust funds’ investments, and raising payroll taxes, or the amount of wages subject to payroll taxes.
the most well known option is pras (personal retirement accounts); this is the option on which president george w bush’s plan was based. pras are not used to solve social security’s lack of funding, but to reform the system for future generations. this is part of a comprehensive solution to give younger workers the option to save some of their payroll taxes. through pras, whatever money unused by the retiree could be passed on to children and grandchildren instead of the government. this system of personal retirement accounts is similar to the federal employee retirement program known as the “thrift savings plan” (tsp). in this system, pras could not be emptied all at once, but would be paid out over time as an addition to traditional social security benefits. 
in the president’s plan workers would be permitted to allocate their pras among a small number of highly diversified index funds, as patterned by the tsp. pras would be protected from sudden market swings on the eve of retirement by being automatically invested in a “life cycle portfolio”. meaning when the worker reaches the age of 47 the portfolio would gradually shift the allocation of investments so it is weighted more heavily toward low-risk bonds, unless the worker and his spouse opt out by signing a waiver claiming they know the risks involved. 
this plan of pras is not a solution to social security’s financial problem. this solution seems to be the only way to make social security a decent investment for future generations. pras would permanently change the very structure of the system, unlike the band-aid fix of raising payroll taxes. the president’s plan will affect only those born after 1950; the system will remain the same for anyone 55 or older, those soon to be or collecting social security. 
the problem with pras is that they will result in bringing in less income (part of the workers payroll taxes will be invested separately) at the very moment, we need more. due to the changing demographics, less money is coming in for the growing number of retirees. companies such as aarp are adamantly against pras because they “weaken social security.” yet finding any plausible solution to social security’s problem is not an easy task. aarp has proposed two solutions not involving pras. 
those being: diversifying the social security trust funds’ investments, and raising the maximum amount of wages subject to payroll taxes. these solutions have their own set of problems. raising payroll taxes enough to keep the government’s entitlements promises to future retirees would require doubling or tripling payroll taxes; that means 30 to 40% of a worker’s wages would go towards retirement benefits alone, not to mention his other federal, income, state, and local taxes! raising payroll taxes is a temporary fix, since 1950, payroll taxes have been raised 20 times and we still have a problem. diversifying the trust fund’s investments is also temporary and will not solve the structural problem with social security.
none of these plans, besides raising taxes, brings in the needed higher revenue to pay for these coming retirees. yet simply raising taxes will not solve the problem. the president plans to work with congress to find a feasible solution, involving his proposed pras. there is no written plan, but we know and are finding out more every day, the very structure of the system must be changed; pras are a way to change the structure of the system without quitting it. 
there is no perfect solution yet, only different elements needed to solve the rising failure of social security. these elements; a reformed structure and a higher income during the transition to a new structure, are needed to find a solution for social security. we have patched the problem many times and we now need a permanent solution, or the system will fail and a generation will be left without the benefits they have paid into the system.


posted in news
 | 
comments off on social security in california




a good jazz club

posted on march 23, 2013  by  admin 


the club de jazz certainly lives up to its name and reputation as one of the best watering holes for santiaguinos thirsty for jazz. at 11 p.m. on friday night, people are slowly strolling into the large house set amidst dense verdant foliage that announces its presence at with a bright, fluorescent sign. the club is easily accessible, being just a few blocks away from plaza nuñoa, that young and increasingly glitzy center of night life that some wags refer to the big apple.
the newcomers are almost certainly those who arrive early but, as it soon turns out, we have nothing to feel sorry about. the ambiance in the main hall is rustic. wooden beams and columns, small round wooden tables and chairs lit up by candles, walls of wood and adobe, with the performers’ dais wedged into one corner. caricatures of local jazz artists and posters of past legends and festivals of jazz adorn the walls. an old tuba stands at attention high up in one corner of the bar. the atmosphere is relaxed and informal – as it should be – thanks as much to the simplicity of the decor as to the unpretentiousness of its patrons.
there are two advantages of being an early bird – you can get a decent table from which to enjoy the proceedings and you can calmly order drinks and peanuts, as i did while waiting for claudia acuña and her group to come on stage.
claudia acuña? till last friday, the young lady was probably better known in new york than in santiago! for she can claim the distinction of being the only chilean to have her photograph at the entrance of new york’s birdland club where she performed twice during her recent stay there. and how many chileans have been honored by spontaneous accompaniment by someone as great as trumpeter freddie hubbard? on friday night, the action picked up a half hour before midnight. accompanied by her group, ramòn “moncho” romero on piano, alejandro espinoza on drums and jorge rocha on double bass, – familiar and respected figures in local jazz circles – claudia acuña seduced the eager audience that packed the hall with a memorable performance featuring old hits like you’ve changed, but not for me and i fall in love too easily.
after the show, the cigarette smoke is slowly beginning to drift away, the night’s gate-receipts are being totted up and there is a mellow atmosphere all around. fernando verdugo, the jovial treasurer of the club, willingly agrees to a chat and takes pains to point out that the club de jazz is a non-profit institution that offers a forum for jazz enthusiasts, musicians and followers alike, to cultivate their passion by appreciating the performances of established names and by giving encouragement to any amateur wishing to share his musical talents with the faithful gathered. and sometimes they have a game of spanish blackjack too.
thus, at times when a particularly good impromptu jam session gets going, the night can easily extend till the early hours of the morning. today the club boasts some 160 members, musicians all, and while it has become considerably bigger than what it was, the idea is to try and preserve the intimacy and quality identified only by the discerning, that is associated with “la onda picada”, as mr. verdugo puts it. since its birth 53 years ago, several international jazz greats, among them dizzy gillespie, wynton marsalis, chick corea, herbie hancock and mike stern, have passed through its portals, not to mention a galaxy of local stars like the angel parra trio and saxophonist marcos aldana.
the club opens at 10:30 on thursdays and saturdays, nights dedicated to “vanguard jazz” (ie, jazz fusion, etc.) and “traditional jazz” (dixieland, big band), respectively. claudia sang on a night meant for “standard jazz” when the evening commences at 11:30. 
there is a cover charge of $30 with a $10 discount for students. the bar is fairly well-equipped, with a variety of drinks ranging from rum, tequila, vodka, all at $12 each, to soft drinks, beer and hot beverages for a third of that price. drinks may be accompanied by salted peanuts, potato chips or a slice of pizza. a must for jazz lovers.


posted in california
 | 
comments off on a good jazz club




california tourism

posted on november 28, 2012  by  admin 


 what to do while vacationing in the golden state

the state of california is without exaggeration one of the best places to visit on a vacation because there is so much to do and see here. this wonderful state is filled with natural beauty and lots of man-made attractions, making it a great place to visit irrespective of whether you are on a family vacation or a honeymoon. read about the different options that california tourism offers you so that you can plan your itinerary well.

there is no doubt that california has plenty of breathtaking natural beauty. most people know about the golden state’s lovely coastline, but they tend to forget that this state also has plenty of mountainous areas where a tourist can enjoy the snows. if beaches are your thing then you have more than 1000 miles to choose from but you could also head to the mountains in order to do some skiing. california also has lots of national parks where you can enjoy nature at its very best.

of course, there are many places that people immediately associate with california and they are definitely worth a visit. hollywood, just outside los angeles is one such place. there are lots of places you could visit here such as the hollywood walk of fame, hollywood bowl, universal studios, kodak theater and grauman’s chinese theatre outside which is the hollywood walk of fame. it is also a good idea to drive to see the iconic hollywood sign in the hills. other attractions include disneyland, alcatraz island and the petrified forest. if you do visit san diego then you certainly ought to make a trip to its zoo which is famous all over the world.

california is also a great place to enjoy fine foods and wine. this state is filled with restaurants where you can get to enjoy world class meals. apart from high quality restaurants there are plenty of blues bars, nightclubs and even comedy clubs here. this state produces all sorts of food stuffs from seafood to vegetables to cheese. california also grows excellent wines that are appreciated all over the world.

if you are looking for some relaxation then you should make it a point to include a trip to a wellness spa in your itinerary. there are high quality spas in california offering the best treatments that will make you look better and feel completely rejuvenated. they are usually set in the serene environs of this state. when you feel completely refreshed you can spend some time going shopping. you’ll find lots of attractive things to buy here, from international fashion to local handicrafts, wine and produce.

make sure that you plan your itinerary well before you make a trip to california. you’ll be able to enjoy the best of california tourism if you do lots of preparation in order to ensure that you include all your favorite things to do and see in your itinerary. in any case, you might need to make more than one trip to this state in order to experience everything it offers.


posted in holidays
 | 
comments off on california tourism



post navigation
← older posts






search for:





recent posts


unveiling the urgency to save california’s environment for a sustainable tomorrow


revamping plastic recycling: unveiling california’s path to progress


glendale waste management solutions


pollution in california


pollution and dumpster rentals in california


categories

california

holidays

news

pollution



february 2025


m
t
w
t
f
s
s




 12


3456789


10111213141516


17181920212223


2425262728
 



« dec
 
 






proudly powered by wordpress
 | 
				theme: beach by gibbo.			




