





home page | us minneapolis - itasca consulting group, inc.

























home page | itasca international


























































u.s. minneapolis
itasca regions


international
australia
canada
chile
china
france
germany
peru
sweden
u.s. denver
u.s. minneapolis









sign in






            consulting
          





modelling of “leo” slope failure using a distinct-element modelling approach

on may 2021, a slope failure called “leo failure” occurred at bingham canyon mine, one of the world’s deepest open pit mine, for a total runout mass estimated at 21 mt. extensive and comprehensive monitoring of the mine activities allowed to anticipate and record the event and prevent any labor or equipment damage. 
read more






consulting


 contact a consultant




civil


compared to limit equilibrium


slope stability


transportation infrastructure


ground-structure interaction


retaining structures


...more


material processing


mixing and segregation


conveying


microstructural analysis




hydrogeology and environment


environmental


geochemistry


groundwater flow


dewatering


permitting


...more


energy


oil and gas


enhanced geothermal systems


waste isolation


cavern storage


power infrastructure




mining


open pit mine design


underground mine design


blast design


cave mining


tailings dams


...more


engineering


site characterization


data management & presentation


third party review




microseismic evaluation


oil and gas


mining


civil


geothermal



featured projects


penetration of a single steel foundation pin in a granitic rock


numerical modeling of mining sequences and seismicity


 more featured projects










            software
          





software


 order software
 demo downloads




geomechanical


flac3d


flac2d


3dec


kats


massflow


pfc


udec


imat


xsite


flac/slope




hydrogeological


minedw


xsite




cad/meshing


griddle


rhinoceros


consulting


blo-up


ihod


slope model





information


udm library


software applications


benchmark test






support


request help


documentation


software forum


faqs


find software agent


training


applied examples


tutorials


utility files












            learning
          





débuter avec flac2d/flac3d
feb 25, 2025 - feb 26, 2025

this training is an introduction to continuous modeling with flac2d and flac3d. at the end of the course, participants will master the graphical interface, documentation and the main modeling steps. concepts are illustrated using a tunnel excavation example, from building the model geometry to results analysis. this introductory course provides the foundation for more advanced use of the software, which can be covered in more specific training modules.
read more







learning




on-line training


itasca software academy


itasca software forum


training courses


débuter avec flac2d/flac3d


débuter avec 3dec


python in itasca software


 more training courses


software documentation


on-line documentation




customized training


training


customized engineering training courses


software tutorials


flac3d 6.0 built-in model generation tools and workflow


flac3d 6.0 easily add structural support


using python in itasca software


 more software tutorials


webinars


 more webinars




itasca educational partnership


itasca educational partnership (iep) programs


iep research program


iep teaching program


technical papers


a calibrated predictive geochemical model of leaching and attenuation reactions in a mine pit lake


solving rock mechanics issues through modelling: then, now, and in the future?


the role of rock mass heterogeneity and buckling mechanisms in excavation performance in foliated ground at westwood mine, quebec


 more technical papers












            events
          





sme minexchange conference & expo
feb 23, 2025 - feb 26, 2025

sme's annual conference and expo, mineexchange, brings together mining and mineral industry professionals to share best practices and inspire a more sustainable future.
read more







events




conferences & events


sme minexchange conference & expo


 more conferences & events


training courses


débuter avec flac2d/flac3d


débuter avec 3dec


python in itasca software


 more training courses




itasca symposia


 past symposia


workshops


 more workshops












            about
          





chad sylvain
technical editor

mr. sylvain provides editorial and authorial input to itasca software documentation.
read bio







about


 suggestion, comment, complaint box







history


values


staff


careers


newsletters







office locations




international


australia


canada


chile


china


france






germany


peru


sweden


u.s. denver


u.s. minneapolis






recent news


now available from itasca: innovative machine learning tool for flac3d/flac2d v9.2


experience the future of geotechnical modeling with itasca software v9.2


thank you to our summer interns


 read more news





































see you in denver at sme agm 2025!
talk to us about itasca's geomechanical and hydrogeological solutions.







webinar: discover imat’s new open pit mining module
watch the recording







learn about comba (constitutive model for columnar basalt)
watch the recording







what's new in itasca software 9.3
watch the webinar recording







what's new in pfc v9
watch the recording






previous



next





geomechanics • hydrogeology

servicing the mining, civil, and energy industries







consulting
 



consulting services

itasca is recognized around the globe for our team of engineers and scientists blending practical engineering and field experience with unparalleled knowledge of computer modeling and data analysis techniques.







software
 



software development

itasca develops the world’s most advanced commercial software for geomechanical and hydrogeological simulation and analysis and microseismic acquisition and interpretation. our state-of-the-art software is sold and supported around the globe through our network of offices and affiliated sales agencies.







training
 



training

itasca is proud of its origin on the campus of the university of minnesota and values relationships with universities and colleges. these relationships have led to the development of itasca education partnership (iep) teaching and research programs.











cookie policy


privacy policy


end user license agreement (eula)


terms of use (tou)






















itasca office locations




                                    + 1 (612) 371-4711
info@itascacg.com
© 2019, 2025 itasca consulting group, inc.











this website uses cookies
this website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.

this policy applies to the site www.itascacg.com (hereinafter the "site").
(1) website cookies utilized by itasca consulting group
a cookie is a small text file in alphanumeric format deposited on the
 hard disk of the user by the server of the site visited or by a third 
party server (advertising network, web analytics service, etc.). when 
you log on to our site, we may install various cookies on your device. 
the cookies we issue are:
cookies necessary for your navigation;
cookies allowing statistics to be made;
cookies analyzing your browsing.
in accordance with the regulations, cookies are kept for 13 months.
(2) cookies issued due to third-party applications integrated on our site
by browsing our site, you can click on the "social networks" buttons to consult our linkedin profile and our youtube page. by clicking on the icon corresponding to the social network, the latter is likely to identify you. if you are connected to the social network during your navigation on 
our site, the sharing buttons allow you to link the contents consulted 
to your user account. google, through google analytics, places cookies and tracks the site's audience. we can not control the process used by third-party applications to collect information about your browsing on our site. we
 invite you to consult their policy of protection of personal data to 
know their purpose of use and the navigation information they can 
collect.
(3) the management of cookies
when you visit our site for the first time, a cookies banner 
will appear indicating the purposes of the cookies. please note that 
further navigation on the site is equivalent to giving your consent to 
the use of cookies by itasca consulting group. you can choose at any 
time to adapt the management of cookies according to your preferences, 
disable them or express a different choice via the means described 
below. if you refuse the use of cookies, you may no longer have 
access to a number of features necessary to navigate certain areas of 
our site.
for the management of cookies and your choices, each browser offers a different configuration.
for chrome:
in the upper right corner, click on "more" then "settings".
at the bottom, click on "advanced settings".
in the "privacy & security" section, click "content settings".
click on "cookies".
choose your preferences
for internet explorer 8:
select the "tools" button, then "internet options".
select the "privacy" tab, then in "settings", move the cursor up to 
block all cookies or down to allow all cookies, then click "ok".
for internet explorer 10 and 11:
select the "tools" button, then "internet options".
select the "privacy" tab, then in "settings" select "advanced". 
choose whether you want to allow, block, or be prompted to determine the
 configuration of internal and third-party cookies.
for firefox:
click the "menu" button and select "options"
select the "privacy & security" panel and go to the "history" section.
make your choices in cookies.
for safari:
choose safari> preferences, click privacy
select the option for "cookies and website data"
for opera:
click "preference", then "advanced" and then "cookies"
to manage cookies according to a particular site, click on "manage cookies"
if you want to accept or reject all cookies in the same domain, select "remember my choice for all cookies in this domain". the next time a cookie is offered for this domain, the cookie dialog will not appear.
to change the cookie expiration at the end of a session, select "force delete when leaving opera"
the cookie details are available under the heading "cookie details".
(4) your rights
according to the gdpr, you have the right to access, rectify, oppose,
 delete and limit information from cookies and other tracers. you also 
have the right to withdraw your consent. for this, please contact privacy@itascacg.com.


cookie policy
hide policy









