









cssd - the charter school of san diego






























































 skip to content 








 contact
schedule a visit
request transcripts
public notices
board of directors
current meeting agenda
lcap
 


search for:


search







 




 
 

 


		skip to content	
home
enroll now
about

founder’s message
vision, mission, values
academic program
locations
school policies
college acceptances
alumni community
wasc
an award-winning program
school history
faqs


academics

what to expect
course offerings
graduation requirements
college & career readiness
special programs
cld & california cadet corps
student & parent handbook


families

parental involvement
family resources
english learners
california healthy youth act (chya)
special programs
student & parent handbook
school calendar
monitoring online learning at home


counselors
join our team!
altus store



search for:


search

 



 


 






 

 

 

 







 the malcolm baldrige national quality award is the nation’s highest presidential honor for performance excellence through innovation, improvement, and visionary leadership. cssd was the first k-12 school to receive the award and the only educational institution to be honored twice in its 33-year history. 



 the charter school of san diego:  an award-winning program!  the charter school of san diego is an independent study, academic intervention program serving grades 6 through 12 and is a recipient of the 2015 and 2021 malcolm baldrige national quality award. this award establishes cssd as a national role model for education. cssd has been transforming student lives through education for over 20 years. 

every cssd student enjoys the benefits of a custom-built course plan, one-on-one attention from teachers, individualized college and career planning, and a flexible schedule that meets their academic and personal needs. our teachers are committed to providing a personalized and rigorous academic experience for each student. 

the malcolm baldrige national quality award is the nation’s highest presidential honor for performance excellence through innovation, improvement and visionary leadership. cssd was the first k-12 school to receive the award and the only educational institution to be presented with the award twice in its 33-year history.   

cssd transforms lives 

 




							learn more about cssd’s program, background, and benefits by clicking through this prezi.							
						

read more  





testimonials 

 




							we are proud to showcase some of the wonderful things our students and parents have to say about our school. visit our greatschools page to share your favorite cssd story with others.							
						

read more  





california cadet corps 

 




							cssd is proud to host the california cadet corps 701st battalion, 7th brigade. our extraordinary cadets earn credit while building leadership skills!							
						

read more  



 we are transforming lives! 
 
 

 





 




 in order to comply with united states department of education office for civil rights (ocr) requirements for career and technical education programs, school districts must have in place basic procedures regarding federal statues and implementing ocr regulations, title vi of the civil rights act of 1964, title ix of the education amendments of 1972, section 504 of the rehabilitation act of 1973, and title ii of the americans with disabilities act of 1990, as well as vocational education guidelines for eliminating discrimination and denial of service on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, handicap, potential parental, family, or marital status or the exclusion of any person because of pregnancy or related conditions, age, creed, religion, marital status, ancestry, health condition or sexual orientation. these basic procedures include an annual public notice, continuous notification, designation of a person(s) to coordinate activities under title ix, section 504, and title ii and a grievance procedure that will allow students and parents an avenue for dealing with alleged discrimination. also, all educational programs and activities under the jurisdiction of the state board of education receiving or benefiting from state or federal financial assistance shall be available to all qualified persons without regard to sex, sexual orientation, gender, ethnic group identification, race ancestry, national origin, religion, color, or mental or physical disability pursuant to the california code of regulations, title 5, chapter 5.3, section 4900 et seq. con el fin de cumplir con los requisitos para carreras y programas pedagógicos de la oficina de derechos civiles (ocr, por sus siglas en inglés) del departamento educativo de estados unidos, los distritos escolares deben contar con procedimientos básicos sobre estatutos federales e implementación de regulaciones ocr, título vi de la ley de derechos civiles de 1964, título ix de las enmiendas pedagógicas de 1972, sección 504 de la ley de rehabilitación de 1973 y el título ii de la ley para norteamericanos con discapacidades de 1990; así como, los lineamientos para eliminar la discriminación y negación de servicios con base en raza, color, origen nacional, sexo, discapacidad, potencial  paternal, familiar, o estado civil o la exclusión de cualquier persona a causa de embarazo o condiciones relacionadas, edad, credo, religión, estado civil, ascendencia, estado de salud o orientación sexual. estos procedimientos básicos incluyen un aviso anual, continuas notificaciones, designación de una persona(s) para coordinar actividades bajo el título ix, sección 504 y titulo ii y un procedimiento de quejas que brindará a alumnos y padres una manera de tratar con presunta discriminación. también, todos los programas y actividades pedagógicos bajo la jurisdicción de secretaría de educación pública o que se beneficien de ayuda financiera estatal o federal deberán estar disponibles para todas las personas calificadas sin importar sexo, orientación sexual, género, grupo de identificación étnica, raza de ascendencia, origen nacional, religión, color o discapacidad mental o física de acuerdo al código de regulaciones de california, título 5, capítulo 5.3, sección 4900 y ss.





 
	powered by tempera &   wordpress.		





 
















