











home - santa barbara botanic garden







































 


























 donate


































































































 











shop
insights
calendar
membership
donate


enes 






search for:










visit


hours & reservations
plan your visit
classes & events
youth programs
accessibility
private rentals & photography


explore


sections
collections
features


grow


the power of native plants
native plant gardening tips
grow native plants
landscaper certificate program


support


give today
membership
planned giving
tribute & memorial gifts
corporate partners
sponsorships
volunteer


conservation


our approach
our impact
landscape transformations
honorees
community conservation


about


our mission
history
team
employment
financials & media


 








search for:


















native plants sustain all life on earth
explore the garden 
							 


attend our annual spring planting event on feb. 15
learn more 
							 


 biodiversity & community at elings park
watch our new mini-series 
							 







upcoming events & classes at the garden










• arts & culture, free
december 7, 2024


seed: a living dream 





in this exhibition, santa barbara botanic garden invites you to discover the hidden beauty of seeds through the perspectives of artists and scientists. presented alongside…learn more 
















• membership exclusive, free
february 18, 2025

member exclusive: coffee with california naturalist john sekula| sold out














• free
february 19, 2025

free senior day | february 19, 2025














• conservation & research, free
february 20, 2025

elings park transformation project | volunteer opportunities








see full calendar




“beautiful gem of a botanical garden nestled on 78 acres in mission canyon. there are miles of hiking and walking trails offering outstanding views and they have done a wonderful job of showcasing native california plants”.
joseph d.


“this place is inspirational! sustainable gardens with walkable paths, friendly staff, and interesting exhibits.”
leonardo a.


“there’s no more perfect playground than nature, and this garden screams to youngsters and oldsters alike, to come wander, come play, come learn, come bask in all that there is here to enjoy!”
lisa m.


“a stunning garden encompassing many different plants and beauty everywhere. easy to spend 1-2 hours here taking everything in and enjoying it all. peaceful and tucked away in the mountains overlooking the world.”
bernard j.


“i took my not quite 2 year old and she couldn’t stop smiling. she had an amazing time leading the way, crossing the creek, running up the rope bridges, crawling under tree roots and so much more. we can’t wait to go back!”
bree g.



plant with purpose
learn about our mission












• 

growing together: local teens, farmers, and plants join forces for a greener cuyama valley

the u.s. department of agriculture (usda), through its natural resources conservation service (nrcs), has awarded a significant $818,000 grant to santa barbara botanic garden for…learn more 














• member & donor stories

creating belonging: from grief to gratitude














• horticulture, botany, conservation & research, gardening with native plants, education, garden news

introducing ironwood 36 | an ode to seeds














• gardening with native plants

the herbaceous perennial: easy to grow native plants














• botany, conservation & research

carrizo plain in bloom: a glimpse at the endangered california jewelflower













































































































 

visit
about
explore
calendar
grow
insights
support
contact us
conservation
faq
give today
terms and conditions
 



1212 mission canyon rd. santa barbara, ca 93105



(805) 682-4726





subscribe to our newsletter























follow us:

follow us on instagram



follow us on linkedin



follow us on facebook






 










									become a member								




									give today								










volunteer portal

privacy policy
terms of use
opt-out preferences
 
© copyright 2025 santa barbara botanic garden. all rights reserved.







join our community 
join our community 

learn all about native plants and explore the garden. sign up for our newsletter.






			
			 
			
			














manage cookie consent






to provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique ids on this site. not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.





functional



functional

								always active							






the technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network.





preferences


preferences







the technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user.





statistics


statistics







the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes.
the technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you.





marketing


marketing







the technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes.





manage options
manage services
manage {vendor_count} vendors
read more about these purposes



accept
deny
view preferences
save preferences
view preferences


{title}
{title}
{title}



manage consent
 























