


the silkworm shop - offering silkworms, flightless fruit flies and other live feeders













shop | 
benefits of silkworms |
silkworm information |
faq |
shipping & terms |
links |
contact






 
				









   purchase live silkworms & supplies

also offering praying mantises, flightless fruit flies, wingless fruit flies, superworms, microworms, various larvae
and more.






product menu | 
teacher resources & fun | 
live guarantee | 
standing orders | 
gift certificates | 
site map























silkworms:
large silkworms
medium silkworms
small silkworms
extra small silkworms
silkworm eggs
silkworm kits
silkworm products(non-living):
silkworm food
silkworm books
mulberry seeds
insect / silkworm tongs
silk cocoons:
silkworm cocoonery
living silkworm cocoons
unbroken silk cocoons
silk cocoons (hatched)
flightlessfruit flies:
drosophila melanogaster 
drosophila hydei
praying mantis:
praying mantis egg case
living praying mantis
praying mantis kits
praying mantis food
praying mantis enclosures
praying mantis educational
rice flour beetles:
rice flour beetles & larvae
rice flour beetle kit
rice flour beetle food
tiny food:
microworms
non-living products:
no bugs m'lady shelf paper
gift certificates
the fruit fly shop:(opens in new window)
drosophila melanogaster
drosophila hydei culture
fruit fly culturing kits
culture feeding medium
mold inhibitor
insect containers & lids
fly perching mesh
anti mite paper


   live guarantee
   shipping schedule

   privacy policy
   disclaimer
   return policy





◊

at the silkworm shop we specialize in everything silkworm!

◊



product availability - updated 12/29/2024:
◊ small and xsmall silkworms are currently avaialble.
◊ praying mantis are out of season. new season begins early january 2025.
◊ all other products are available - please check menu to the left.
 ✵ let us know if you have any questions or needs.



the many uses for the silkworm:
   


➀ live feeder

silkworms are packed with nutrition and low in fat, making them about the best feeder you
can give your pet. silkworms are for a huge variety of reptiles, amphibians, birds and fish.
they are soft-bodied and easy to swallow and digest, making them a perfect choice for sick animals or finicky eaters.
the extremely high calcium content makes them ideal for gravid egg laying animals and improves
bone health in all animals. silkworm are easy to care for and have no odor. you will find
much more information on the benefits and general background of this caterpillar
here.
we have
silkworms for sale here.


➁ classroom learning

silkworms are used by educators all over the country for teaching about biological life-cycles,
entomology and also hands-on history lessons about china and silk.
if you are an educator of any kind, you will definitely want to spend time in our
teacher resources section.
we think you'll agree that a silkworm project is the perfect immersive lesson plan.
you'll also find our ideas for classroom activities and observations as well as lessons for the silkworm lab.

➂arts & crafts

many folks use the whole cocoon or the unwound silk fiber from the silkworm moth cocoon for craft projects.
you can either grow your own or may want to purchase our whole cocoons.
shop here. 

➃ research

universities and other organizations order from us regularly.
female silkworm moths attract male mates with the pheromone bombykol, a volatile 16-carbon alcohol that is widely studied.
as is the male moth's pheromone-binding protein in its antennae.
the amazing properties of the silk and silk producing gland are also actively studied in a quest to find new ground breaking
fibers of incredible strength. who knows what other projects and secret things they are also doing?

➄ just for fun

lots of people enjoy keeping and growing the silkworms as a pet. they are cute, fun to hold and
fascinating to watch go from egg to tiny caterpillar and grow so fast into a jumbo white caterpillar
which then spins a cocoon only to have an adorable furry white moth emerge.
speaking of fun, you may also be interested in singing a little silkworm song,
reciting a silkworm poem and telling a
silkworm joke.









◊ watch a silkworm video ◊ 


this video shows silkwormseating our prepared mulberry food
click here to watch this video






buy silkworms |
buy flightless fruit flies
  |  

about silkworms |
about flightless fruit flies







fill in your email address to join our e-newsletter and learn about special sales
and promotions:










would you like to place a standing order?
sign up here for auto shipment






info@silkwormshop.com |

po box 84773,
san diego, ca 92138







copyright © 2025 the silkworm shop



  

  

  





						 

						


shop for silkworms | 
silkworm info | 
faq | 
shipping & terms | 
links | 
contact | 
webmaster | 
email 






