



london rheumatologist dr hedley berry specialises in the treatment of rheumatic disorders















home
one painful joint
many painful joints
tingling hands
back pain
contact dr berry





we are now registered with the care quality commission.




range of diseases dr berry treats:
rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis
      reactive arthritis
      psoriatic arthropathy
      systemic lupus erythematosis (sle, lupus)
      ankylosing spondylitis
      arthritis associated with inflammatory bowel disease
      gout (often of the big toe)
      pseudo gout (often of the knee)
      osteoporosis
(there are at least 200 different conditions that can cause joint symptoms!)
soft tissue rheumatism
      fibromyalgia
      carpal tunnel syndrome
      tennis elbow
      golfer's elbow
      plantar fasciitis
      low back pain, sciatica, vertebral disc prolapse, back strain, neck pain.




dr berry is a consultant rheumatologist and physician in general medicine, with extensive experience in diagnosing and treating arthritis and other diseases of the musculo-skeletal system. he has wide experience of treating these conditions and works closely with surgical and paramedical colleagues. dr berry can also treat sufferers of 'long covid'.
common problems of the rheumatic diseases:
dr berry is a leader in the field of rheumatic diseases and their treatment. he prides himself in making an accurate and rapid diagnosis and for providing appropriate treatment for his patients.
 one painful joint
many painful joints
tingling hands
back pain
click on a condition to find out more.




dr berry's training
dr berry started as a general physician and was senior registrar at st. bartholomew's hospital in london on the cardiology  unit, before specialising in rheumatology at the royal london hospital. he then carried out academic research, which lead him to obtain a doctorate of medicine, in addition to his medical qualification from the university of oxford.
research experience
for many years, dr berry was involved in research programmes looking into the role of anti-inflammatory and anti-rheumatic drugs in the treatment of rheumatoid and osteoarthritis. his research enabled him to provide a critical assessment of the treatment of patients with rheumatic disease and he was, as a result of this, able to lecture all over the world where up-to-date information was required for treating patients with rheumatic disease. he has published many peer reviewed papers in learned journals.he has published over 100 papers.
consultant experience:dr berry was an nhs consultant at kings college hospital, london for over 25 years where he taught rheumatology to generations of students.



he is a recognised teacher at the university of london. now he works only in the private sector from his rooms at: 96 harley street, the london spine clinic at 116 harley street with a team of highly qualified specialists, and at the clementine churchill hospital in harrow. he has admitting rights to the london clinic, the princess grace hospital and the wellington hospital in london and the clementine churchill hospital in harrow.
relationship between rheumatology and general medicine:
rheumatological diseases are not only diseases of the musculo-skeletal system, but often have a profound overlap with other medical conditions. for example: rheumatoid arthritis can be associated with lung disease, skin disease, disease of the nervous system, heart disease and rarely bowel disease. 
       systemic lupus erythmatosis (sle) can be 
       associated with all the above, as well as renal disease.
       dr berry's interests are very wide and cover the rheumatic diseases as seen through the eyes of a general physician with an interest in medicine and its relationship to the rheumatic 
       diseases. 



 browser doesn't support frames





home
one painful joint
many painful joints
tingling hands
back pain
contact dr berry



66 harley st., london, w1g 7hd. 020 7486 0967
  clementine churchill hospital, sudbury hill, harrow. ha1 3rx. 020 8872 3939
  london spine clinic, 116 harley st, london w1g 7au. 020 7486 0967


copyright © 2002 - 2025 dr. hedley berry. all rights reserved.
  web design by architectûra
 



