








home
















skip to main content



























 


home
contest
resources
about

 

get tickets

 

 

















 
























home
contest
resources
about




















 our mission

  philadelphia songwriters project is a non-profit 501c3 organization operating since 2003. our mission: to serve as a resource for songwriters of any genre. psp supports the time-honored tradition of songwriting. psp is dedicated to providing songwriters a place to showcase their music, improve their work and advance their career, through a program of showcase, education, and networking. 










 2025 songwriters contest
details to come...
please join our email list and we'll send along details about the 2025 songwriting contest and how to participate.


 join our email list
this is a brand-new service - please rejoin if you've been here before.





* indicates required
email address *first name last name 





        /* real people should not fill this in and expect good things - do not remove this or risk form bot signups */
        




















 2020 members summer tour contest    a new contest with a slightly different angle. we have a couple of summer shows and want to give those opportunities to members of the philadelphia songwriters project. if you are not a current member, you can become one now and submit up to 5 songs for free. it's that easy ! all the songs will be vetted and you'll be notified if you've gotten a slot. the good part is that you'll be eligible for other shows that the project books throughout the year as well.   new summer shows may be added.what songs best reflect who you are as an artist?
submissions open: nowclosing date ( for summer consideration): april 15summer artists announced: may 5rolling submissions: for other shows during the year.



        previous winners    hear from previous winners who share their thoughts on the project, the contest and what it's meant...









 emily drinker 
2013 grand prize winner










 alyssa garcia 
2015 winner (15 years old at time of contest)










 ben kessler 
2014 winner (15 years old at time of contest)









        membership    
become a member of the philadelphia songwriters project… or buy one a gift for the songwriter in your life! it’s tax deductible, comes with benefits, and supports what you love…. songwriters! 


 

                        full membership                    

$75 / year member benefits: 1) 60 min (phone, skype) consultation about your career/ music related topic ($75 value) 2) priority booking for  songwriters project showcases (as they may occur during the year) 3) 5 free submissions to the 2020 members tour contest

https://www.paypal.me/pspmember




                        student membership                    

$40 / year must be currently enrolled in k-12, college or post grad level classes. proof of enrollment may be required. same benefits as full member.

https://www.paypal.me/pspmember











        about the philadelphia songwriters project    history
stu shames & dena marchiony, childhood friends decide this city of talented songwriters needs more opportunities & resources.  we created the philadelphia songwriters project.. and with the help and enthusiasm of songwriters, studios, the media, venues and bookers we took a little idea and grew something very special.
highlights:  2002 - 2012  please watch our 10 year retrospective video below to see our beginnings!
2013 - 2017: saw our contests gain real momentum as we partnered with firefly music festival, rose tree summer festival, bethlehem musik festival, sellersville theater and other great loval and regional summer venues and opportunities.  these mini tours gave performing songwriters mega opportunities to play next level shows, bond with each other, and learn via real life experiences.
2018- "directors cut tour".  hand picked artists on the mini tour.
2019 - a regroup and refresh year to understand how to best serve the community
2020- back again with more great opportunities for songwriters.


























the philadelphia songwriters project




 














 



