commercial landscaping columbus, ohio | keller group limited  
       









contact corporate sales at (614) 866-9551 or admin@kellerf.comabout
environmental practices

services
design & installation
grounds maintenance
snow removal

careers
contactlandscaping you can depend on.columbus, ohio’s source for commercial landscaping services since 1978.
design & installationsnow removalgrounds maintenancelandscaping design & installation services for the columbus, ohio area.we serve corporate offices, hotels, factories and many more property types for landscape design & installation. whether it’s new construction, renovations or expansions, we pride ourselves on being large enough to serve your corporate needs while still maintaining a personal relationship.learn moresnow removalclearing snow & ice in the columbus, ohio area for over 30 years.
we work to ensure the safety of your customers and employees by employing the best snow and ice removal services for your parking lot, sidewalks and driveway. when the snow is falling, trust us to provide a clear path.learn moregrounds maintenancepartnering to provide ongoing grounds maintenance to your property.
your outdoor environment is one of the most important factors in your company’s image. whether it’s turf management, irrigation management, mulch, tree and shrub care or other maintenance needs, our team will work with you to make your business have a lasting impression.learn more


next
you need flexibility and quick turnaround for your landscaping projects.our team has over 30 years of experience handling projects of all sizes. from project management to construction and maintenance, we have an eye for the fine details that will set your landscaping apart.learn moresuccessful commercial landscaping partnerships are our top priority.we have worked with some of the top businesses in the columbus, ohio area providing commercial landscaping services ranging from design & installation, snow removal, grounds maintenance and even custom projects. we work with your business to get the project done right, no matter the scope and size.





















owens corning- newark
the keller group has continued their relationship with the owen’s corning plant in newark as well as the r&d center in granville for over 20 years.the newark facility came to the keller group with a request to improve the visual impact of guests arriving at the plant.  the old areas of railroad ties were removed and stone planters were built with irrigation being installed to the plant beds.the newark plant became a focal point for the company with the softer entrances.the keller group has now been chosen to drive a new project with the o.c. wellness team, in which exercise stations will be located around the plant facility.  stations for stretching as well as exercise will be surrounded by wood screens and plants to make for a more enjoyable workout experience.heart of africa- columbus zoo & aquarium
the keller group took a bean field and transformed it into an african safari at the columbus zoo & aquarium.  57 hand selected trees from all over ohio were brought in and strategically placed under the columbus zoo’s direction.  now, heart of africa houses many grazers, browsers, and carnivores who rely on the plants and trees for food, shade, territory marking and camouflage.  in addition, the savanna landscape plays a significant role in setting the stage for guests to be transported to africa.contact us today to get your project started!whether you have a custom project or traditional landscaping needs, our team will partner with your business to complete each task with precision and craftsmanship.contact us


about
environmental practices

services
careers
contactcontact corporate sales at (614) 866-9551 or admin@kellerf.com
© 2025 keller group limited. all rights reserved.
designed by blue laser digitals