































obsessive cartoonist disorder

























my official site
the house of fun

see the great and mighty...
monster gallery

places i like to visit
sarah's journal
wfmu
drawn!
the comics reporter

baby needs a new pair of...everything


buy books!
original art for sale
fine art prints!
cute stuff @ cafepress
i am a twit
follow @evandorkin
on flickr
see illustration galleries here!
old news
jump back 9 entries




write evan!










beasts of burden: wise dogs and eldritch men #1 out today! wednesday, august 22nd, 2018 — 6:08 pm  




a new 4-issue beasts of burden side-series featuring the local wise dog society, picking up on a plot point from the eisner award-winning beasts of burden: hunters and gatherers. leaving burden hill, the wise dogs attempt to clean up some supernatural disturbances in their area, and stumble upon a human conspiracy of magic and murder. you can read this without really having read the other stories (it's an adventure with dogs that know how to fight evil), but some of the story elements will tie into events from the main burden hill series.script by me, art by benjamin dewey (autumnlands), lettering by nate piekos. published by dark horse comics, available at comic shops, comixology, and through dhc's website.there's a variant cover by rafael albuquerque if you're into those. i'm not pro-variant -- as a gimmick or a drag on retailers, as some of you might remember -- but i can't keep the sea back, either. at least these aren't incentive or chase variants that force anyone's hands, you can get either one, your shop can order either one, whatever quantity they like. they're pretty, and we'll collect them in the beasts and blackwood books.the fourth issue with a variant by series co-creator jill thompson is in the new diamond previews for pre-order, btw.comic books!






leave a comment or question : read 1 comment or question left behind











out now   wednesday, july 25th, 2018 — 2:04 pm  




the dork hc collection by me with color work by sara dyer.blackwood #3 (of 4) by me, veronica fish, andy fish (variant cover by tyler crook)both from dark horse comics. 






leave a comment or question : read 2 comments or questions left behind











dork collection advance copy! tuesday, may 22nd, 2018 — 7:15 pm  




comes out july 18th, from dark horse comics. 






leave a comment or question











beasts of burden: wise dogs and eldritch men announced for august! wednesday, april 18th, 2018 — 9:14 pm  




new four-issue mini-series coming in august by me and guest artist benjamin dewey, c/o dark horse comics.you can read more about the wise dogs series here (and see the first few pages of art from issue #1):https://www.avclub.com/beasts-of-burden-returns-for-a-new-horror-adventure-in-1825321899






leave a comment or question











we now have a webstore tuesday, february 6th, 2018 — 3:20 pm  




at long last we have a dedicated site for selling pins, signed books, original art and other stuff from our house of fun to your house of um, somethin. right now we have a small number of items available, as we're starting out with some pins and whatever books we have on hand along with a few pieces of art. we'll be adding more things over time, new art, new books, probably a few eltingville lunchboxes, etc. we'll see how it goes. feel free to take a look, maybe there's something on the site you and yours might wish to purchase and love a little bit.http://shop.houseoffunstudio.com/






leave a comment or question











blackwood coming in may from dark horse comics tuesday, february 6th, 2018 — 1:56 pm  




i'm working on a new creator-owned horror/comedy series called blackwood, which was co-created with artist veronica fish and debuts in may from dark horse comics. you can read more about it (and see some nice art) here, at the av club:https://www.avclub.com/dark-horse-opens-enrollment-to-a-college-of-horrors-in-1822760990we hope you'll check it out, we hope you'll enjoy it. cover to blackwood #2 by veronica fish






leave a comment or question : read 2 comments or questions left behind











2-1-18 friday, february 2nd, 2018 — 5:09 pm  











leave a comment or question











1-5-18 monday, january 15th, 2018 — 6:37 pm  











leave a comment or question : read 2 comments or questions left behind











uncle floyd, dr. demento, the house of fun -- and perhaps, you. wednesday, january 10th, 2018 — 4:00 pm  




© 2018 caf muzeck, llc. all rights reserved.sarah and i contributed artwork of uncle floyd for the booklet that comes with the dr. demento: covered in punk cd/lp. tomorrow night we both join a gaggle of musicians and at least one master cartoonist (cover artist drew friedman) for an album release signing at nyc's forbidden planet. several more people have been added to the signing. this is so weird to be a part of.






leave a comment or question : read 1 comment or question left behind








































