

        spiritual healing with vinny: spiritual healer offering remote, non-local, heart-centered healing


spiritual
healing with vinny pinto
  vinny
pinto is
a rmystic and spiritual teacher, also sometimes known
as a
metaphysical healer, esoteric healer or mystical healer. he
is highly intuitive
and offers heart-centered non-contact, in-person, darshan time.
 home
page  receiving
free-of-charge divine blessing thru vinny 
vinny's
spiritual blessing trips
--- overview and
description
--- list of
upcoming
trips  darshan
time with vinny
--- during
spiritual blessing trips
--- at or near vinny's home
 note about legacy
services   spiritual
products    vinny's
training & background   frequently
asked questions   links
to
off-site
pages   donations
 contact
vinny  
vinny
pinto is a mystic and spiritual teacher. vinny has also done at times
remote spiritual healing although that is not his favorite modality for
helping clients. briefly, vinny is not an energy healer of any kind --
he does
not work with, nor use, any energies, lights, auric colors, vibrations,
crystals or intent-based healing in his spiritual work -- he has been
given a special
gift by
divinity wherein he serves as a window for divinity into this world and
also serves as a window for the flow of divine grace and love into this
world.  he
offers non-contact, in-person, spiritual darshan time. his work is
purely on a spiritual level, and does
not
involve
"energies", although many authors freely intermix the two terms and
types
of healing. vinny feels that his healing is
accomplished
by "tuning in" to god/being/spirit on a very deep level, and allowing
god/being/spirit to work with and through him via grace and
love.     
  you
may go to vinny's public facebook page by clicking on the
link/button to the right >> 
  you
may like this webpage on facebook by clicking on the link/button to
the right >> 
    you
may go to vinny's threads page by clicking on the link/button to the
right
>>  
 you
may go to vinny's bluesky page by clicking on the link/button to the
right >>  
   reddit:   
vinny
also owns several topic-related email list groups at groups.io
– you may find more
about them further down this page 
     
 
  and
now, a note about a "freebie" service for 
receiving
divine love and grace from vinny
 vinny
has been
contacted repeatedly across the years since the year 2000 by persons
who had visited his spiritual healing website and who did not
necessarily want to request a remote spiritual healing from him at that
time, or who perhaps felt that they could not afford the fees for a
remote spiritual healing at that time, but they stated that they
nonetheless
wished that vinny could, and would, consider offering some kind of
low-cost or zero-cost way that they could more directly experience the
flow of divine love and grace that they sensed flowing through him. in
fact, a number of those persons mentioned that they could feel the flow
of divine love and grace coming through the small photographs of vinny
found on his spiritual healing website, and they stated that they
"wanted more".  
as you likely already know from having read the
main page on this spiritual healing website, vinny has been given a
gift from divinity whereby he serves as a window for divinity, and for
divine love and grace, into this world. it is this flow of divine love
and grace that some people sense, and that led to the requests from
visitors to vinny's spiritual healing website that have been described
above. partially in response to those requests, as of early 2013, vinny
was guided by divinity to create a page on his spiritual healing
website that will feature a large and specially-blessed photograph of
him. this specially-blessed photograph will allow those who wish to
receive the flow of divine love and grace that flows through him to
connect and to receive this flow of love and grace, free of charge,
whenever they choose to visit the page. if you are interested in being
a recipient of this entirely free-of-charge flow of divine love and
grace, please feel free to
visit the page by clicking here.  
      
  please note
that some of the text on this page and other pages on this website that
mentions vinny's legacy remote spiritual healing and remote spiritual
blessing service may be somewhat out of date. it will hopefully be
updated shortly as time permits.in the interim, please see the note about legacy
services by clicking here which has fully up-to-date
information of vinny's legacy remote spiritual services. 

    this
remote spiritual healing work
is purely non-local work, always conducted as a remote healing
session
at a distance (aka distant spiritual healing).
no physical contact is made with the client, and all work is done
purely
on a spiritual level, sometimes called the subtle energy level (some
authors
may call this level “subtle bio-energy” or
"metaphysical".)  this
healing method has, at times, been variously denoted by terms such as
spiritual
healing, subtle energy healing, metaphysical healing, faith healing,
bio-energy
healing, intuitive healing, and even psychic healing, although vinny
feels
that some of these latter terms really cover a far wider or broader
range
of healing modalities than does the basic term "spiritual
healing". of all the possible descriptive terms, vinny feels that he is
best
described
as a remote spiritual healer, and that he has been given a gift to
share with
other beings. the term spiritual healer seems to best
encompass the
heart-centered sense of sharing love and holy spirit which takes place
during this type of communion.   you
probably have some questions
about who vinny is and what he does as a healer. if you would
like
answers to some of these questions, please feel free to read further on
this page, and to click on some of the page links on the left which
tell
you more about vinny's work. you may also wish to bookmark
this page
so that you may refer to it at a later date or send it to friends.
 vinny
is a spiritual guide, teacher and a remote spiritual healer
(please rest assured that vinny is not a guru, does not claim to be a guru, and he
neither condones nor recommends the whole circus involving gurus and
their
disciples and followers). while he is also a trained engineer and
scientist
with a graduate degree (master's) in his field, vinny is, first and
foremost, a mystic. he has been a mystic since a very early age, and
has had numerous enlightenment experiences across the years. he has
lived his life in surrender to divinity since 1997, and he was asked by
divinity in the year 2000 to start offering his services as a remote
spiritual
healer and spiritual coach/guide/teacher. vinny has been given a gift
from
divinity whereby he serves as a window for divinity, and for the flow
of divine love and grace, into this world. 
       some
thoughts
from a
mystic and intuitive on the perceived dangers of the cern lhc 
 due
to his having received a number of requests asking for his insights
as a deep intuitive on the claims that operation of the cern
linear hadron collider (lhc) could lead to the destruction of the earth
or of the entire universe, vinny has written a very short article
offering his view as an intuitive on this matter. to see the article,
please visit the page, entitled some
thoughts from a mystic and intuitive on the perceived dangers of the
cern lhc collider project. 
  
    vinny
is only a remote spiritual healing
practitioner, and never provides any medical advice, nor does he offer
any diagnoses. likewise, he does not need to know any
diagnosis which
a client has been given by conventional physical or behavioral
healthcare
providers. in this sense, he believes that his work differs
substantially
from that of some well-known energy or bio-energy healers such as
mietek
wirkus or gene egidio, and equally as radically from the work of
"medical
intuitives", such as carolyn myss or mona lisa schulz. rather, while
vinny is a powerful intuitive, as a remote spiritual healer he works in
a much
more subtle, broader and deeper sphere of influence, and only:
  works
at a very global level of the whole being 
  provides
the
ability to access deep resources  
is never
concerned
about specific "illnesses" or "disorders" 
  is
never
concerned with organ or tissue dysfunctions 
  never
uses
medical terms or labels  
and
thus, the only question
he may ask a client is about their goals for the work, and any major
themes which continually challenge them in their lives.
       an
open letter from my heart to you about this
site  
and my
mission in presenting this site 
march
2,
2003 (revised and updated on january 23, 2013) 
dear visitor:   it is my
simple
intention to make this
site available so that anyone who may need to know of it may stumble
upon
it. however, once you have discovered this site, it is simply my intent
and mission to tell you a bit about what i offer and what i do. it is
decidedly not my intent to convince you:  to
do anything  to
believe anything  to
use any of my services  in
other words, i am not
trying to sell you on my services, and
rather, i prefer to simply offer information and allow you, using your
inner guidance, to make your own choices  
let
me repeat that last bullet
item: this is not a sales or marketing website; you will find no words
or
fancy graphics urging you to buy anything, no glitzy sales pushes
exhorting you to do anything. 
so, you will find no "order now!" or "buy
now!" or "order today before supplies run out!"
exhortations on this website or in any of my other media materials, nor
any declarations that my healing work will change your life, or any
warnings that you "need" my healing work and that you cannot do
without it!  i have no interest in convincing you to use my
services. rather, i prefer instead to sit back and offer this
work
only to folks who are deeply interested and who have researched this
matter on their own, and who have checked in with their own wisdom,
intuition and hearts.   i ask you,
if you are
considering
approaching me to ask for a healing, to pause and first go deep into
your
heart and gut and ask yourself if i am really the right remote
spiritual
healer for you at this time.... it matters little if
i
have numerous degrees, nor if my resume looks good, nor if i claim to
have been a meditator for a zillion years, nor if i claim to have had
numerous enlightenment experiences, nor if i were to claim to have been
a
powerful healer or high priest/priestess in a prior lifetime... rather,
what matters is what your heart and gut say that is best for you at
this
time. period! so, use caution, and do not let your mind drag
you
into something just because it sounds exciting or attractive. my own
work
is not at all glitzy or fancy or "exciting", nor is it full of
new age drama... i tend to abhor all those things....; even as i bless
them, for i have no need to walk those paths!  
thank you.  with
care and love,  vinny
pinto  
      question:
why do you
call this website the "divine heart" website instead of something more
obvious, such as "vinny-spiritual-healer.com" or "vinnypinto.com"? 
 answer: 
i call this
site "divine heart" rather than vinnypinto.com because i feel deeply
that
so much of the gift or talent which i am privileged to feel and share
as
a remote spiritual healer is truly an expression of grace from holy
spirit,
also
known as divine heart, universal heart, supreme heart, heart of spirit,
spiritual heart, sacred heart and heart of hearts, and by a dozen other
similar names in various spiritual and religious traditions -- all are
an aspect of god or beingthe site is so named as an
acknowledgment
of the source of this flow. 
    vinny
works with both humans and animals (pets, livestock and barnyard
animals,
and occasionally wild animals.)    healiing
treatment is done from a
space of a deep awareness of connectedness
with god and divine heart, and is something which vinny calls
“sharing
of the field of coherence”, a very heart-centered spiritual
space.  there
is never any pressure
to commit to further sessions. some folks get adequate or
even excellent
results after only one treatment.
  vinny's
work facilitates the client to shift, at a deep spiritual level, to a
place
which allows:   greater
ease and flow in life
as well as in body  more
juiciness and flow in inner
and outer life  more
"degrees of freedom" in
life situations  greater
sense of ease and well-being greater
acceptance of self and
of body and mind  greater
acceptance and compassion
for any current physical or emotional traumas, conditions or dis-ease
deepening
and integration of
well-being and life purpose greater
fluidity in allowing
body and mind to heal and shift a
larger or broader deep perspective
on problems or "issues" greater
ability to accept and
forgive  greater
sense of
acceptance and peace -- less of a sense of "fighting god", "being angry
at god", or "resisting the world" deeper
connection
with being or source (god, divinity, divine heart, holy spirit)
 vinny
is only a remote spiritual
healer, and thus does not claim to heal or fix any particular
condition,
and he is not a medical practitioner or psychotherapist. he
sees
his work as compatible with any and all licensed and appropriate
conventional
and alternative modes of therapy. vinny sees his remote
spiritual
healing
work not as "alternative healing", but as complementary to any and all
conventional or alternative healing methods. 
in
other words, his work
helps a person go "deeper" and to meet life's challenges with more
ease,
and is never intended to replace any conventional or alternative
therapy. vinny always encourages his clients, if they have been
diagnosed with a
serious behavioral or physical health disorder, to continue working
with
their licensed conventional or alternative practitioners. his
only
intent is to provide deep access to new levels of ease and flow for
clients,
and possibly deepen the client's access to inner
resources, and not
to "replace" any mode of therapy. 
vinny
feels that his non-local healing work will equally help those persons:
  who
simply want to reach higher
levels of ease, love and flow in life who
feel that they
are highly intuitive or have healing abilities and wish to potentiate
those
abilities -- he calls this "healer and intuitive empowerment" 
who
are highly functioning but
operating at a high level of stress or facing great challenges
with
no serious problems, but
perhaps minor chronic discomforts with
diagnosable physical or
behavioral health problems (emotional problems, etc.)
with
addictions  who are
facing
serious illness
or injury and want additional assistance in responding to this
those
who already are intuitives
or spiritual healers but want their abilities and access to inner
worlds
and god increased or potentiated -- vinny calls this "healer and
intuitive
empowerment" and offers a special service detailed to this mission
 definition
of this work:
vinny prefers to call this non-local healing work remote spiritual
healing; it
does involve the participation of angels as well. as
noted before, many authors
and practitioners may also call such work by terms such as faith
healing,
psychic healing, subtle energy healing, bioenergetic healing, or energy
healing. however, vinny chooses not to use most of these
terms frequently
because a number of these systems and practitioners may be referring to
work directly with the energy centers of the body (also called
"chakras"),
with the energies of the acupuncture meridians or with the
aura. some may even refer to working with the physical body, such as
muscles
and joints. further, many of these practitioners may work
with modalities
which require being in the same room with the client and touching
them.   indeed,
many chi kung (also
known as qigong, qi gong, or qi gung)
healers and "chi"
(qi or ki) healers, whether they
touch the client or not,
apparently do work on a relatively tangible level of sending, moving or
manipulating "chi" energies to or within their client's bodies, and
this
work often seems to be directed at particular parts of the body, or at
the energy meridians (as defined in acupuncture theory.)  for
example,
it appears that "chi" energy healers such as dr. kam yuen, the martial
arts grand master and famous healer, use a bio-energy to directly
affect
the body. such healers often speak of streaming
energy and
of "fixing" various disorders or damaged tissues directly with their
energy. clairvoyants and sensitives have often reported seeing energy
streaming
from the bellies and fingertips of chi kung healers, as well as from
healers
from body-energy oriented systems such as barbara brennan's system,
detailed
in her book hands of light, and the healers
themselves often seem
to feel that this is the focus and means by which their work is
accomplished. their work is often very directed, and may be focused on
a
tumor,
an injury, a damaged or diseased organ, or a particular chakra (an
energy
center). in chinese metaphysical systems (acupuncture, etc.)
as well
as other eastern systems, it is said that there are numerous types or
levels
of chi (qi or ki), and the estimates range from 33 to 300 different
levels
or degrees of "fineness" or "subtlety" of chi. vinny believes
that
most chi kung healers and body-energy hands-on healers preferentially
use
not the global and very fine levels often called "spirit" (and often
mediated
by holy spirit), but rather somewhat more tangible and coarser levels
of
chi, as found in meridians and energy centers in the body --
these
are often referred to as "energies". this discussion does not
infer
a flaw with these energy systems, but rather draws a distinction
between
those energy-based systems and spiritual healing. there are many fine
and
gifted practitioners in those hands-on and near hands-on
systems. however, this exploration illustrates one difference when
comparing chi
kung healing, energy healing and bioenergetic healing with vinny's
remote spiritual
healing method. 
it
must be stressed that, when
working as a remote spiritual healer, vinny has no sensation
of
sending energy, moving energy, or of donating energy to a client's
energy
field, although there is often a sensation of sharing love and peace,
and
of love streaming from the heart center to the client. it feels
primarily
like a sharing of the love of god or holy spirit with the
client. vinny feels that the "love" energy is not coming from him, but
rather
through
him, from god or holy spirit (some call this "being".)  this
fact
has been confirmed repeatedly by intuitives and clairvoyants; all
report
that vinny does not use or move energies in his work. in
contrast
to some of the systems and practitioners described above, vinny's work
is purely on a spiritual level, also known as the god or being level,
and
one which is totally heart-centered. several intuitives have described
the sense that presence seems to come through vinny's heart area when
he
is working with a client. this healing work is seen as a
sharing
of a certain kind of grace and divine flow so that the client's body
and
mind may align to that same "frequency" of grace which is ever-present
in god's universe. this work does not directly
address any
specific
physical or emotional condition, nor does it directly address the
energy
centers, chakras, acupuncture meridians, or aura. however,
since
all of these phenomena are facets of the body/mind, each and every one
of these aspects may be affected by the healing and influx of grace
love
from holy spirit. likewise, vinny's remote spiritual healing
method
never
involves physical contact with human clients -- such contact is simply
not needed, and might accidentally lead to the impression that he is
targeting
specific physical conditions. vinny believes that such
impressions
or beliefs can actually impede or interfere with true deep healing at
the spiritual level of divine heart. as a remote
spiritual healer,
vinny feels that holy spirit or being (god, divinity, source, divine
heart)
knows best what needs to shift or heal, and when. 
some
clients report definite
and strong results, some moderate results, and others report
none. such a result spectrum is very common for both spiritual and
subtle
energy
healers. vinny does not guarantee any results -- such would be
unethical. 
     vinny's email list
groups of interest   
1) spiritual
enlightenment, spiritual surrender & spiritual healers (vp)
/ https://groups.io/g/spiritual-surrender-vp/ 
– this group encompasses and subsumes topics covered by
vinny's
legacy spiritual surrender, spiritual enlightenment and release
technique list groups at yahoo groups.  spiritual
enlightenment, spiritual surrender & spiritual healers (vp)
this list group is a continuation of the spiritual surrender, spiritual
enlightenment, spiritual healers and release technique (lester
levenson's work) legacy list groups at yahoo groups that were operated
by vinny pinto for 15+ years until the october 2019 downscaling of
yahoo groups. vinny is a mystic, spiritual teacher/guide, spiritual
healer, and a multi-disciplinary consulting and r&d
scientist/engineer. 
the primary focus of this list group is the attainment of spiritual
enlightenment and concomitantly, attaining greater levels of inner
peace and grace, often via surrender to the divine of all problems,
challenges, wants and needs. much of the focus of the group is based
upon spiritual methods and teachings of ramana maharshi (who has
sometimes been classified by others as an advaita vedanta teacher), an
indian spiritual teacher, and lester levenson, an american spiritual
teacher and the developer of the "release technique". the focus of this
list group is non-denominational. 
while the name and description of this list group are publicly listed
at groups.io and on search engines, all posts sent to the list group
are private and are viewable by list group members only. this is a
moderated list group. further, all applicants wishing to join the list
group must state their reasons for wishing to join along with their
name and general location, and all posts sent to the list group must be
signed with the poster's first and last name in order to be published.
we do not tolerate hate posts, and we do not tolerate trolls, nor troll
posts. 
to join this group, click the "join" link from the group's home page at:
https://groups.io/g/spiritual-surrender-vp/
 or
send an email to: spiritual-surrender-vp+subscribe@groups.io
 please note that the list group is
restricted-membership
list group, and thus, once you have applied to join, you will then
shortly receive an email from the groups.io mailserver, entitled
something along the lines of "your pending
membership in….", which will ask you for certain
information; you will need to send the requested information (including
your first and last name) back to the list group moderators by replying
to the message if you wish your application for membership to be
approved.    2)
metaphysical/paranormal
(vp) / https://groups.io/g/metaphysical-paranormal-vp/ 
– this group encompasses and subsumes topics covered by
vinny's
legacy occult-mystical and psychic-intuitive list groups at yahoo
groups.  metaphysical/paranormal
(vp)
this list group is a continuation of the occult-mystical list group and
psychic-intuitive list group at yahoo groups that were operated by
vinny pinto for 15+ years until the october 2019 downscaling of yahoo
groups. vinny is a mystic, spiritual teacher/guide, spiritual healer,
and a multi-disciplinary consulting and r&d scientist/engineer.
the primary focus of this list group is to discuss topics in
the realms
of metaphysics, the occult, esoteric teachings, and, of course,
paranormal abilities (aka supernatural abilities) and related topics.
while the name and description of this list group are
publicly listed
at groups.io and on search engines, all posts sent to the list group
are private, and are viewable by list group members only. this is a
moderated list group. further, all applicants wishing to join the list
group must state their reasons for wishing to join along with their
name and general location, and all posts sent to the list group must be
signed with the poster's first and last name in order to be published.
we do not tolerate hate posts, and we do not tolerate trolls, nor troll
posts. 
to join this group, click the "join" link from the group's home page at:
https://groups.io/g/metaphysical-paranormal-vp/
 or
send an email to: metaphysical-paranormal-vp+subscribe@groups.io
 please note that the list group is
restricted-membership
list group, and thus, once you have applied to join, you will then
shortly receive an email from the groups.io mailserver, entitled
something along the lines of "your pending
membership in….", which will ask you for certain
information; you will need to send the requested information (including
your first and last name) back to the list group moderators by replying
to the message if you wish your application for membership to be
approved.    3)
vinny
news/updates (vp) / https://groups.io/g/vinny-news-updates-vp/ 
– this group encompasses and subsumes topics covered by
vinny's
legacy vinny news announcements list group at yahoo groups. 
vinny
news/updates (vp)
this list group is a continuation of the vinny news announcements list
group at yahoo groups that was operated by vinny pinto for 15+ years
until the october 2019 downscaling of yahoo groups. vinny is a mystic,
spiritual teacher/guide, spiritual healer, and a multi-disciplinary
consulting and r&d scientist/engineer. 
the primary focus of this list group is to share with group members
various announcements, news items, or updates that vinny may wish to
share. this is an announcements-type list group, and therefore, for at
least the vast majority of the time, the list group settings allow
posts only from vinny, and do not allow members of the group to send
messages to the group. 
while the name and description of this list group are publicly listed
at groups.io and on search engines, all posts sent to the list group
are private and are viewable by list group members only.  
to join this group, click the "join" link from the group's home page at:
https://groups.io/g/vinny-news-updates-vp/
 or
send an email to: vinny-news-updates-vp+subscribe@groups.io
    
   question:
how do i know if i should
request darshan time? 
vinny
is very committed to allowing and helping people to become
self-empowered
and make their own decisions. he does not wish to persuade
anyone to try his spiritual healing work. rather, he
asks, if
you
are considering a session, that you shift your attention to your heart
and gut (a doorway to spirit) and “know” from there
whether work with him
is right for you at this time. if such a sign or
feeling is
present, then you may wish send in a
request. 

this page was last
updated on 6/15/2024  this
page was
created on 10/03/2001 
 website: http://www.divine-heart.org
    a
privacy notice, about the traffic analyzer for this web site
and privacy. counters added 02/10/2019 at zero. 
 
 
 our
promise to you: 
all of our web pages load quickly and easily. no fancy
graphics,
no banners, no annoying ads, no java applets, no sound, no animations,
no time-wasters!
all contents
copyright
© 2001-2024; click here for full copyright notice
please
read our disclaimer
notice
webpage
creation and editing notes: the webmaster, web designer and webpage
editor for this website is susan hislop (aka sue-cat). you may visit
her website on knitting technical editing at http://www.sue-cat.com/  
