



		boys & girls clubs of chicago | provides chicago's children a safe, positive and supportive place to participate in after-school programs.	






































































 








 








 
menu 
our clubs▼our club locationsour missionour programsour success storiesways to give▼gifts that make an impact nowgifts that cost you nothing nowgifts that pay you incomegifts that reduce your taxesgifts that you can make monthlygifts that are for memorial giftsgifts that are for a bgcc eventabout us▼our club locationsour missionour programs▼aquatics departmentour success storiesour impactleadership▼board of directorswoman’s boardguild boardclub support teamannual reportsinformation for parent/guardianget involved▼join our chicago marathon teamalumni networkattend an eventcareersvolunteercorporate partnership opportunitieschild safetycontact ustranslatordonate 















menu




our clubs our club locations
our mission
our programs
our success stories

ways to give gifts that make an impact now
gifts that cost you nothing now
gifts that pay you income
gifts that reduce your taxes
gifts that you can make monthly
gifts that are for memorial gifts
gifts that are for a bgcc event

about us our club locations
our mission
our programs aquatics department

our success stories
our impact
leadership board of directors
woman’s board
guild board
club support team

annual reports
information for parent/guardian

get involved join our chicago marathon team
alumni network
attend an event
careers
volunteer
corporate partnership opportunities

child safety
contact us
translator
donate
 

search: 































 


join our alumni 
network today! 
							click here to sign up! 
							 







latest news & events














bgcc in the news 

stay up to date on boys & girls clubs of chicago in the news! read all the recent stories from local and national media outlets.


						read more 














2024 youth of the year 

youth of the year is boys & girls clubs of chicago’s signature effort to foster a new generation of leaders by recognizing the academic achievements and service of exceptional club... continue reading.


						read more 














find a club near you! 

our clubs offer a fun, safe space for kids and teens to spend their after-school hours with mentors, homework help, and with healthy snacks! sign up today!


						read more 














join bgcc’s alumni network! 

calling all former boys & girls clubs of chicago members! join our new alumni network today!


						read more 














in the spotlight now 

read about all things boys & girls clubs of chicago. select “read more” for the latest club news and stories!


						read more 














are you ready to be a club champion? 

become a club champion by making a monthly pledge to support chicago’s youth! 


						read more 














take a 3d tour of our clubs 

take a sneak peek of four of our 20+ clubs to get an inside look! be sure to view our new tour of the recently opened rusu-mccartin club!


						read more 







 















make a donation







attend an event







find a club






stay up to date
sign up for our newsletter today
and stay in the know on all things
boys & girls clubs of chicago!






our partners




















 





quick linksprotecting your generosity
donate
attend an event
pressroom
contact us
 

keep in touch 

connect with us
facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
instagram
 






											© 2022 boys & girls clubs of chicago - all rights reserved.  														










 






























