















geosciences






















ou homepage
search ou
the university of oklahoma





skip navigation
geosciences






































 










founded in 1900 by charles gould, the school has been a leader in the geosciences research and education for over a century. today, the school's 21 faculty, thirteen emeritus and seven cooperating faculty mentor a diverse group of undergraduate and graduate students in various b.s., m.s., and ph.d. programs.
learn more about our research  



 











student research symposium and expo



we are excited to announce the student research symposium and expo sponsored by aapg will be held on friday, march 14, 2025 at the national weather center on the ou norman campus.





more about the event  








  














a letter from the director
welcome to the school of geosciences at the university of oklahoma!  the school of geosciences is one of four units within the mewbourne college of earth and energy along with the mewbourne school of petroleum and geological engineering, oklahoma geological survey, and ronnie k. irani center for energy solutions.
the school of geosciences is a premier program where faculty, staff, and students work in a diverse range of geoscience fields related to earth, energy, and the environment. we provide innovative educational and research experiences for the next generation of scientists.  geoscientists are critical as we work to provide natural resources for society, address fundamental earth sciences questions, and solve some of the world’s most important challenges.
the school of geosciences has state-of-the-art facilities and numerous resources.  we are located in sarkeys energy center – a seven-acre, four-square block, 340,000 square-foot teaching and research complex.  sarkeys is home to the lawrence s. youngblood energy library which is the largest geological reference library in the world.  our bartell field camp in colorado has some of the best facilities and geological surroundings in the country.
we have many ways for students to interact with faculty whether in mentored research, field experiences, and social events. there are several student-led organizations, and our colloquium speaker series enables students and faculty to learn from experts across many disciplines.
i think it is a great time to be a geoscientist! i encourage our students to focus on what interests them, to pursue their goals, and to explore the possibilities.



 












hands-on experience
students in our geosciences program experience learning far beyond the classroom. extended field trips funded by generous donors are an important component of our educational program, and undergraduate classes travel from the arbuckle mountains to carlsbad caverns.










top-tier faculty
the school of geosciences has 21 tenured and tenure-track faculty, 7 adjunct faculty and instructors, cooperating researchers and affiliate faculty, and 13 emeritus faculty. we are dedicated to providing students the individualized attention they need to succeed in our program.




  









innovating spirit
do you imagine the future with a more sustainable path for the biosphere? us too! we are dedicated to crafting our programs with sustainability and applicable job skills in mind.






 








your future awaits



pursue your passion at the ou school of geosciences.










undergraduate programs
explore a bachelor of science in geology, and see yourself working as a scientist for a government agency, researching new sustainable energy techniques, teaching the next generation of science enthusiasts, writing, creating film or podcast masterpieces, preserving our natural ecology for a museum, and much more. the possibilities are endless, and many adventures in nature await.
explore a bachelor of science





graduate programs
how will you set yourself apart from the rest? explore a master of science in geology or geophysics or set your sights on a doctor of philosophy in geology or geophysics. there is a path for every interest. consider how your research could make an impact on your community or change the future of our world.
explore graduate programs in geology and geophysics  






 








news & information



happening now in ou geosciences.













		      research
		    

november 06, 2024



	        university of oklahoma to lead oklahoma carbon hub
	      


		      a team of researchers from across the university of oklahoma mewbourne college of earth and energy, los alamos national laboratory, with industry partners, have been awarded an $18.7m grant from the u.s. department of energy to investigate commercial subsurface storage of carbon dioxide (co2).
		    


	        read more 
	        read article: university of oklahoma to lead oklahoma carbon hub






read article: university of oklahoma to lead oklahoma carbon hub







april 02, 2024



	        buckthal family's gift fuels future of geosciences at ou
	      


		      mewbourne college of earth and energy interim dean john antonio has announced a generous gift from the buckthal family to support the school of geosciences, as well as the fred jones jr. museum of art. 
		    


	        read more 
	        read article: buckthal family's gift fuels future of geosciences at ou






read article: buckthal family's gift fuels future of geosciences at ou






 








contact geosciences










school of geosciences


university of oklahoma
sarkeys energy center
100 e. boyd st., room 710
norman, ok 73019
(405) 325-3253 | geology@ou.edu









 








follow us on social media








ou geosciences
  instagram   





        view this profile on instagram            ougeosciences (@ougeosciences) • instagram photos and videos 



ou geosciences
 facebook   






skip facebook widget

 

 













 school of geosciences 

          sarkeys energy center
100 east boyd street, rm 710
norman, oklahoma 73019
phone: (405) 325-3253
        


    





accessibility
sustainability
hipaa
ou job search
policies
legal notices
copyright
resources and offices
ou report it!

        updated 1/28/2025 by school of geosciences: geology@ou.edu


























