






welcome to the btf!

























































search ...  find 








homereturn homeaboutresponsive layoutbtf staff lrs assignments constitution and bylawsour affiliates pac endorcement process latest news news and alerts president's report provocatorpress release officer election information member information collective bargaining agreementcollective bargaining agreement cba frequently asked questions grievance information role of the delegate in handling grievances writing a grievancegrievance formclass size overage class size overage informationclass size overage claim form appr information incident & discipline information incident report form inappropriate discipline report formpreparing for retirementother helpful information opt-out information dues informationcalendar of eventscommemorative service pinsdistrict documents and infodistrict calendar school/site based planning document payroll delivery dates summer 2024payroll delivery dates 2024-2025insurance waiver incentive faq2024 appr ratings faq bereavement days faqreductions-in-force faqtosa - reductions-in-force faqtypes of seniority - definitions delta dental faqmember benefits dental delta dental informationdelta dental plan overviewmost frequent procedures in-network table of allowance out-of-network table of allowance  optical optical plan information optical extended benefits opitcal payment schedule optical claim form prescription copay prescription copay information prescription copay claim formsick leave bank extended pay plan death benefitscommittees executive committeeexecutive committee membersexecutive committee meeting datescouncil of delegatescouncil of delegates meetings datescouncil of delegates agendasother committeesexclusivesstore 


















































news,  alerts & events




























  latest btf news the latest news from the buffalo teachers federation        






  latest btf news the latest news from the buffalo teachers federation        












  btf news    all the latest emails, news & alerts, and information from the buffalo teachers federation read more  


  benefits    information and claim forms for the btf programs and the sbf dental, optical and copay benefits  read more  


  contract   the collective bargaining agreement between the buffalo school district and the btf read more  


  calendar    upcoming meetings, btf events, and important deadlines for the buffalo teachers federation read more  


























         
 press release
communications to the media regarding significant positions, events or other news worthy items affecting the buffalo teachers federation.
read more


         
 president's report
the btf newsletter containing a brief synopses of important, current information on major topics affecting the members of the btf.
read more


 
 provocator
publication of the buffalo teachers federation that contains important information, editorials, upcoming events, and paid advertisements.
read more
















important  information 














appr information
opt-out informaiton 
covid - 19 information









 

the annual professional performance review (appr) information  
the appr is a process by which teachers are evaluated in nys. the intent of appr is to assist educators to improve the quality of instruction in schools and to improve students' performance for colleges and careers. district appr plans must meet strict state guidelines and be negotiated with local unions. under state guidelines, appr takes into account classroom observations and student performance. teachers across nys receive an overall effectiveness rating every year.
 
appr is complex and can often be overwhelming.  click here to keep up to date on all the current appr information.



 

opt-out information  
teachers and parents share deep concerns about the standardized tests used by nys for accountability purposes that include; stress on students, in-appropriateness and lack of validity of the common core-aligned tests, loss of learning time, and lack of transparency on state test content. parents who decide it is not in their children’s best interests to take these assessments are part of an “opt-out” movement. btf fully supports parents’ right to choose what is best for their children.
 
click here to keep up to date on the "opt-out" movement and other information.



 

covid-19 information

for our members, btf has collected covid-19 resources from the centers for disease control and prevention, world health organization, as well as our affiliates, nysut, the american federation of teachers and the national education association. together we must, and will, be proactive to ensure that coronavirus does not infect and spread to our students, staff and community.
 
click here to view recent information and writen correspondence. the btf will post more information as it becomes available.































buffalo  teachers federation






 
 
the buffalo teachers federation is the professional union that represents over 3800 contract, probationary and temporary teachers of the buffalo public schools.  the btf is proud to be a member of new york state united teachers and affiliated nationally with the national education association and american federation of teachers.            we invite you to explore our website for information and resources specifically for our members and retirees.













calendar 






 january 2025






  6
 
school-based budget session (zoom)


  9
 
executive committee meeting - 5:30 pm   


  9
 
council of delegates meeting - 7:00 pm      


 14
 
when the principal calls training - 4:30 pm


 20
 
dr. mlk jr. day (btf office closed)


 21 
 
building committee training - 4:30 pm


 27
 
delegate 101 training - 4:30 pm


 28
 
delegate 101 traning - 4:30 pm







 
 february 2025






  1
 
buffalo bandits game night - 7:30 pm         


  5
 
taylor law training - 4:30 pm          


 13
 
executive committee meeting - 5:30 pm   


 13 
 
council of delegates meeting - 7:00 pm      






















office  information





mailing address:
buffalo teachers federation
271 porter avenuebuffalo, new york 14201
phone: 716-881-5400
 

supplemental benefit fund:
phone: 716-881-5462fax:     716-881-0580
 
hours of operation:
monday to friday 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.












guests  online




we have 104 guests and no members online








































        did your home address, email address or phone number change? please let us know!                           update here





















copyright © 2025.  buffalo teachers federation.
 btf





homeabout usnewsfeaturedprivacy policy

























