









carltsoe safety tools














































 



products
applications
 








documents
company
contact
 












non-sparking and non-magnetic
hand tools for use in hazardous environments.







made from materials approved by
the federal institute for material research and testing, berlin, germany.







more than 50 years of experience in safety tools
high quality design and manufacturing processes.


















search




 







tightening

wrenches
pipe wrenches
sockets/ratchets
allen keys
wheel wrenches
pliers
screwdrivers

view more





striking

hammers
punches
chisels
wedges

view more





cutting

knives/cutting tools
scrapers
saws
files

view more





utilities

shovels
bars
picks/forks
axes/hatchets

view more





miscellaneous

brushes
clamps
bung wrenches
special tools/kits

view more







we use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. by clicking “accept all”, you consent to the use of all the cookies. however, you may visit "cookie settings" to provide a controlled consent. read morecookie settingsaccept allmanage consent




close






privacy overview 
this website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.

 





								necessary							


necessary

always enabled




									necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-advertisement1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "advertisement" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "analytics" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to record the user consent for the cookies in the "necessary" category .cookielawinfo-checkbox-others1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to store the user consent for cookies in the category "others".cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance1 yearset by the gdpr cookie consent plugin, this cookie is used to store the user consent for cookies in the category "performance". 






								analytics							


analytics





									analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
cookiedurationdescription_ga2 yearsthe _ga cookie, installed by google analytics, calculates visitor, session and campaign data and also keeps track of site usage for the site's analytics report. the cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognize unique visitors._gid1 dayinstalled by google analytics, _gid cookie stores information on how visitors use a website, while also creating an analytics report of the website's performance. some of the data that are collected include the number of visitors, their source, and the pages they visit anonymously._hjabsolutesessioninprogress30 minuteshotjar sets this cookie to detect the first pageview session of a user. this is a true/false flag set by the cookie._hjfirstseen30 minuteshotjar sets this cookie to identify a new user’s first session. it stores a true/false value, indicating whether it was the first time hotjar saw this user._hjid1 yearthis is a hotjar cookie that is set when the customer first lands on a page using the hotjar script._hjincludedinpageviewsample2 minuteshotjar sets this cookie to know whether a user is included in the data sampling defined by the site's pageview limit._hjtldtestsessionto determine the most generic cookie path that has to be used instead of the page hostname, hotjar sets the _hjtldtest cookie to store different url substring alternatives until it fails. 












save & accept



























toll free +800 8080 5050info@carltsoe.com











carltsoe safety tools® is a registered trademark of ac safety tools s.a.




carltsoe safety tools®



ac safety tools s.a.
route de chesalles, 48
ch - 1723 marly
switzerland




tel. +41 26 - 439.93.18
fax. +41 26 - 439.93.01




















carltsoe safety tools - © 2025




privacy | terms & conditions
















