






















 


college of graduate and postdoctoral studies - future graduate students | university of saskatchewan








skip to main content
skip to navigation





future graduate students
menu









p aws


search the usask

search




programs



                            find a program                        



                            find a supervisor                        




admissions



                            how to apply                        



                            admission requirements                        



                            after you've applied                        


alternate applicants


                            joint student / sandwich program                        



                            non-degree student                        



                            visiting research student                        



                            cotutelle program                        




funding



                            scholarships                        



                            tuition                        




our campus



                            signature areas of research                        



                            unique facilities                        



                            housing                        



                            student services                        





                            events                        



                            contact                        





  information for...


college resources


graduate students


prospective undergraduate students













 

 be what the world needs















college of graduate and postdoctoral studies
future graduate students

find a program
applying 
check application status 


 




why choose the university of saskatchewan?







at the university of saskatchewan (usask), we work together across disciplines and with our communities to find creative solutions to the most pressing global challenges. 
usask welcomes students from around the globe. you can become part of the usask family by choosing among a wide range of programming that will help you shape your career to become what the world needs. our graduates, recognized for their strong work ethic, resourceful nature and determination, are leading change in canada and around the world.

 




our highly collaborative research environment







as a member of prestigious u15 canadian research university group, usask is engaged in research partnerships nationally and world-wide. we provide some of the most advanced research facilities, centres and analytical tools in the country and around the world.
our research explores areas of critical importance including cancer treatment, crop development, animal and human vaccines, climate change, business, education, indigenous issues, natural resource development, sustainability, energy, space science and nuclear physics.
highlights of our impact include:

ranking #1 in the study of water resources in canada
leading change with agtech research, applying cutting-edge technologies to agriculture
undertaking critical research on covid-19 vaccine development
engaging in a wide range of community-based research projects meaningful for the communities we work, collaborate and co-create knowledge with


 




our campus
our historic campus, located in saskatoon, saskatchewan, canada, and on treaty 6 territory and the homeland of the métis, is recognized as one of the most beautiful in canada.

living here


 




our internationally acclaimed faculty
our students work alongside top researchers—canada research chairs, fellows of the royal canadian society, 3m national teaching fellows, killam research fellows and many other acclaimed faculty who publish regularly their research work in top peer-reviewed journals in their fields.

find a supervisor


 




our diverse areas of study
at usask you will have access to the most comprehensive range of human health and life science programs on one campus. including animal and plant sciences, nursing, medicine, pharmacy and nutrition, dentistry, physical therapy, veterinary medicine and kinesiology.

view our graduate programs


 






80+
fields of study


20k
students fromaround the world


70+
research centres


our warm community welcomes people from around the world and right here at home including growing numbers of indigenous and international students. it creates open dialogue, and fresh opportunities for learning inside and outside the classroom.

apply now


 




stay connected
do you want us to send you important reminders, information about our programs or notifications about usask events?

sign up 


 
 





was this page helpful?
yes
no








what could make this page better?

thank you for helping us make the university website better. your comment will be forwarded to the editor of this page. please note that this form is not intended to provide customer service. if you need assistance, please contact us directly.


send feedback
dismiss





 



  follow on instagram






be what the world needs
the campaign for the university of saskatchewan

together, we are addressing the world's greatest challenges. join our ambitious vision for the future.







the university of saskatchewan's main campus is situated on treaty 6 territory and the homeland of the métis.

© university of saskatchewandisclaimer | privacy | accessibility




