






rio grande valley chapter


















































homechapterpay dueslog hoursvms hours approversleadershipdirectory downloadparticipatecalendarpartnersprojectsfaqspublicationsboard meeting minutesmember blogsthe chachalacaresourceschapter rulestmn code of ethicstmn standards of conductvolunteer service requirementsadvance training guideprivacy policy














rio grande valley chapter tmn — mission statement


the rio grande valley chapter texas master naturalist is organized exclusively for charitable, scientific, and educational purposes, more specifically to develop a group of knowledgeable volunteers to provide education, outreach and service dedicated to the study and conservation of natural resources and natural areas within the rio grande valley of texas.












the rio grande valley chapter logo was adopted in 2003 and consists of the plain chachalaca in front of a sabal palm frond. the chachalaca (ortalis vetula) is a rio grande valley specialty bird.  the sabal palm (sabal mexicana) can only be found in the rio grande valley. the original artwork was created by artist and follow texas master naturalist tony bennett.





texas master naturalist — overview


the rio grande valley is an incredibly unique region of texas. through the texas master naturalist program you will learn about sabal palm forests, resaca waterways, gulf waters, and native plant species – just to name a few of the fascinating topics explored through expert class instruction, field trips and hands-on training.








the texas master naturalist program harnesses the power of volunteerism to expand knowledge of the landscape, history, geology and vibrant flora and fauna of the state of texas. for more info: https://txmn.tamu.edu/.





rio grande valley chapter tmn — service area


the rio grande valley (rgv) sits at the southernmost tip of texas; with the rio grande to the south and the gulf of mexico to the east. the rgv chapter has been serving a 3-county region (cameron, willacy, and hidalgo) of the rgv for nearly 25 years.







want to become a texas master naturalist?


the rio grande valley chapter of the texas master naturalist program offers annual classes that provide the training needed to be certified. included in the requirements are 30 classroom hours, 10 field trip hours, 40 volunteer hours and 8 advanced training hours. more details can be found here: new class info.
recertification requires:

40 volunteer hours


8 advanced training hours












rio grande valley chapter






about
historyresources


privacy
terms and conditions


social
facebookinstagramyoutube






		designed with wordpress 








