


peaceful prairie sanctuary


 
 











































  






















     

















 












to make a 
                    recurring donation, 
                    click here


 				




 
•vigil for the victims of "humane" farming
                                                                                                                                                      • what's wrong with backyard eggs? 
                                                                                                                                                      (also available for download) 
                                                                                                                                                      • humane animal farming? take a closer look
                                                                                                                                                      • letter from a vegan world 
                                                                                                                                                      • visiting / volunteering? please read!

 


 
the animals at peaceful prairie sanctuary come in all different sizes and shapes but they all share the same need. the need for a safe loving home and caretakers who respect the lives of each individual animal. whether a domestic duck or goose has been dumped on a pond, or a potbelly pig has become "inconvenient," peaceful prairie sanctuary provides lifelong care for these castoffs. they join the many rescued farm animals who had been exploited and used in agribusiness.
 


 





 


 

when animals are kept and used for their eggs, milk, flesh, feathers, and skin, they are deprived of their natural lives. there is simply no way for animals to live free lives in any form of agricultural use. the dignity and desires of each animal becomes apparent as soon as they are allowed the opportunity to live free and natural lives. 
even if you cannot provide a home for rescued farm animals, you can and do make a difference in farm animals' lives every time you sit down to eat, snack, or buy products. so much suffering goes on behind closed doors. if you read ingredients and omit all eggs, dairy, and meat from your diet, you will dramatically reduce animal suffering. simply making humane choices throughout your day will help the unseen animals. 
learn more about the benefits of vegan living and find out how it will help you, the environment, starving people, and of course, the animals. for an excellent introduction to vegan living, see the vegan starter kit and the vegan guides. 

 





 







please note: 
all content on this website (with the exception of the downloadable literature available on the pps literature page) 
is subject to copyright and may not be reproduced without permission.










  ß
   



 



