





home | waitangi tribunal


































skip to main content








menu




                te reo
            



                en
            




about



                                            the waitangi tribunal
                                        


about


members


presiding officers


waitangi tribunal unit


tribunal strategy





                                            the treaty
                                        


about


tribunal and the treaty


māori and english texts





                                            te reo māori
                                        


te reo in the tribunal


glossary






claims



                                            about
                                        


claims process


managing your claim


research process


hearings


guide to practice and procedure





                                            other applications
                                        


applying for urgency


applying for remedies


memorialised land






inquiries


district inquiries


what is a district inquiry?


standing panel




kaupapa inquiries


what is a kaupapa inquiry?


climate change priority




urgent inquiries


what is an urgent inquiry?






search inquiry documents


publications



                                            general
                                        


guide to practice and procedure


te manutukutuku newsletter


annual reports


bibliography


rangahaua whanui


other




tribunal reports


education


treaty of waitangi


kaituna river


motunui-waitara


te roroa


ōrakei






news



                                            news
                                        


tribunal news


te manutukutuku newsletter






events


recordings





search










search query





search












                te reo
            



                en
            








            the
            waitangi
tribunal


            nau mai,
            haere mai


karanga rā




                            welcome lyrics
                        





close
                    karanga ra, e rata
te hiku o te ika e
whakaripo ake nei e

tenei a tai
whakamana te tiriti e
te ope nei e

tainui e
e tama rawiri
paora e
whakaterehia ra

maranga mai
te iwi ohoake ra
tauiwi tahuri mai e

whatungarongaro
toitu te whenua e

the clarion voice of rata calls
the movement in the tail of the fish responds

in our midst we now have tai
now is the time to give strength to the treaty
here too is the ope, all members of the tribunal

tainui (koro, minister of maori affairs)
rawiri (david [lange], prime minister and
paora [paul reeves] (the governor-general)
through you, this fish can swim

maori people rise and be vigilant
tau-iwi (pakeha and others)
the time is now to face each other

as the light of the eye and the life of things living
fade from sight, 
only the land is seen to remain, 
constant and enduring
                








the waitangi tribunal
the waitangi tribunal is a standing commission of inquiry. it makes recommendations on claims brought by māori relating to legislation, policies, actions or omissions of the crown that are alleged to breach the promises made in the treaty of waitangi.


learn about the tribunal







latest updates





                    karanga rā documentary: 50 years of the waitangi tribunal
                









                    changes to waitangi tribunal membership
                









                    pūrongo-ā-tau: annual report released
                










popular downloads




                hautupua
            


            te aka whai ora (maaori health authority) priority report
        

concerning the disestablishment of te aka whai ora







                ngā mātāpono/the principles
            


            treaty principles report
        

interim report on the crown’s treaty principles bill and treaty clause review policies







                he whakaputanga me te tiriti
            


            the declaration and the treaty
        

report on stage 1 of te paparahi o te raki inquiry







                hauora: report on stage one
            


            health services and outcomes kaupapa inquiry
        








                ko aotearoa tēnei
            


            wai 262
        

report into claims concerning new zealand law and policy affecting māori culture and identity







                māori wards and constituencies
            


            urgent inquiry report
        

















mana wāhine kaupapa inquiry
the mana wāhine kaupapa inquiry will hear outstanding claims which allege prejudice to wāhine māori as a result of treaty breaches by the crown.
read more about the inquiry


all kaupapa inquiries










oct 1975
treaty of waitangi act 1975 passed

                        
                            read more
                        
                    



1985
tribunal gains retrospective jurisdiction to inquire into events back to 1840



1986
te reo māori claim report



1987
1987 lands case



1996
beginning of district inquiries



2015
kaupapa inquiries commence



2030
report handover








latest reports and publications






                    hautupua pp
                

                    report
                


hautupua: te aka whai ora (maaori health authority) priority report, part 1 — pre-publication version


                wai 2575 - the health services and outcomes kaupapa inquiry
            



	on friday 29 november 2024, the tribunal released hautupua: te aka whai ora (maaori health authority) priority report, part 1 in pre-publication format. the report was the result of a priority inquiry granted in may 2024 into claims concerning the crown’s disestablishment of te aka whai ora – the māori health authority. these claims were previously the subject of an urgent inquiry that was vacated when the crown introduced the pae ora (disestablishment of māori health authority) amendment bill on 27 february. the panel for the inquiry was judge damian stone (presiding), professor susy frankel frsnz, professor tom roa, tania simpson onzm, and linda tuhiwai smith cnzm.

	the tribunal decided to inquire into and report on the priority claims in two parts: the first part concerns the disestablishment and its impacts only. the second part will focus on the crown’s alternative plans for māori health. part 1 of the te aka whai ora (māori health authority) priority inquiry was conducted on the papers with no in-person hearing.

	the tribunal found that the crown breached the principles of tino rangatiratanga, kāwanatanga, good government, partnership, active protection, and redress. the crown did not act in good faith when disestablishing te aka whai ora as it did not consult with māori. without consulting its tiriti/treaty partner and without substantive advice from officials, the crown decided that te aka whai ora was not required, despite knowledge of grave māori health inequities.

	māori did not agree with the crown’s decisions but were denied the right to self-determine what is best for them and hauora māori. instead, the crown implemented its own agenda – one based on political ideology, rather than evidence – without even following its own process for the development and implementation of legislative reform. as the establishment of te aka whai ora was a form of redress for the crown’s long-standing failure to reflect tino rangatiratanga in the health system, its unilateral decision to remove effectively took that redress away. the tribunal found that these tiriti/treaty breaches caused significant prejudice to māori.

	the tribunal recommended that the crown commit to revisiting the option of a stand-alone māori health authority, consult extensively with māori in the development of any alternative plans, and always undertake proper regulatory impact analysis in matters that affect māori health.

	 








                28 nov 2024
            

                size: 1.59mb
            







                    wai 3300 ch6
                

                    report
                


ngā mātāpono/the principles: part ii of the interim report


                wai 3300 - tomokia ngā tatau o matangireia - the constitutional kaupapa inquiry
            



	on tuesday 5 november 2024, the waitangi tribunal released ngā mātāpono/the principles: part ii of the interim report of the tomokia ngā tatau o matangireia – the constitutional kaupapa inquiry panel on the crown’s treaty principles bill and treaty clause review policies in pre-publication format.

	this updated report responds to further evidence provided to the tribunal on the policy development process for the proposed treaty principles bill since may 2024, including the cabinet paper on the proposed bill.

	the earlier findings and recommendations in the tribunal’s initial interim report have not changed. rather, this updated report consists of an additional chapter (chapter 6) that makes further findings on these specific matters.

	regarding the crown’s policy development for the bill, the tribunal found the crown’s process to develop the bill has purposefully excluded any consultation with māori, breaching the principle of partnership, the crown’s good-faith obligations, and the crown’s duty to actively protect māori rights and interests. the tribunal also found this policy process to be in breach of the principle of good government, as cabinet has decided to progress the bill despite it being a policy that is not evidence-based, has not been adequately tested, has not been consulted upon, and fails regulatory standards.

	the tribunal analysed how the proposed content of the bill does not reflect the texts or meaning of the treaty/te tiriti. the tribunal commented that principle 1 misinterprets the kāwanatanga granted to the crown in 1840, which is not an unbridled power restrained only by its own sense of what is in the best interests of everyone. cabinet’s approval of principle 2 for introduction in a bill was found to be a breach of the principles of tino rangatiratanga, kāwanatanga, partnership, and active protection. the tribunal commented that principle 2, if enacted, would revoke the promises and guarantees the queen made to māori in 1840. the tribunal held that principle 3 bears no resemblance to the meaning of article 3 and that cabinet’s decision to introduce the principle in a bill was a breach of the treaty/te tiriti principles of partnership, equity, and active protection. 

	the tribunal found that these breaches caused significant prejudice to māori. the tribunal found that māori would be particularly prejudiced by the extinguishment of tino rangatiratanga in a legal sense if the bill were to be enacted. among other effects, the new principles would apply to all legislation where the treaty/te tiriti might be considered relevant. the tribunal also found that the new principles would advance the discredited agenda of assimilation, as they are designed to end the distinct status of māori as the indigenous people of this country. the tribunal commented that, even if the bill were not enacted, cabinet’s decision to introduce the bill would prejudice māori by further damaging the māori–crown relationship. māori would also feel the brunt of the social disorder and division caused by the introduction of the bill, including through the select committee process.

	the tribunal confirmed its previous recommendation that the bill be abandoned. if the government does not abandon the bill, the tribunal recommended that, given the constitutional significance of the issue, the bill be referred to the tribunal under section 8(2) of the treaty of waitangi act 1975.

	the tribunal reserved its jurisdiction to hear further evidence and submissions concerning the bill, should it be enacted.

	 








                06 nov 2024
            

                size: 6.04mb
            







                    wai 3400 pp
                

                    report
                


the takutai moana act 2011 urgent inquiry stage 1 report


                the marine and coastal area (takutai moana) act coalition changes urgent inquiry
            



	on 13 september 2024, the waitangi tribunal released the takutai moana act 2011 urgent inquiry stage 1 report (wai 3400). the inquiry was granted urgency in the waitangi tribunal’s inquiry programme. the hearing was held in august 2024.

	the tribunal panel comprised judge miharo armstrong (presiding), ron crosby, professor rawinia higgins, and tā pou temara. the report was the first report in a two-stage inquiry. this first stage considered the treaty compliance of the policy development process that the government followed in seeking to amend the takutai moana act 2011, along with the proposed amendments, and whether these caused prejudice to māori. the second stage will address the alleged mismanagement of funding for applications for customary marine title under the act.

	overall, the tribunal found that the crown’s actions are such a gross breach of the treaty that it is an illegitimate exercise of kāwanatanga. the tribunal cautioned the crown that, on the strength of the evidence it received, to proceed now on its current course would significantly endanger the māori–crown relationship.

	to give effect to treaty principles, the tribunal recommended that:


		the crown halt its current efforts to amend the takutai moana act;

		the crown make a genuine effort for meaningful engagement with māori; and

		the focus of this engagement should be on the perceived issues of permissions for resource consents, rather than interrupting the process of awarding customary marine title.


	the tribunal emphasised that the recommendations should be implemented to restore a fair and reasonable balance between māori interests and those of the public in te takutai moana.

	 








                12 sep 2024
            

                size: 2.02mb
            




view all reports and documents



tribunalnews


tribunal exhibition he kura toi tangata opens at waitangi
7/02/2025, 2:39 pm
on tuesday 4 february 2025, the photographic exhibition he kura toi tangata: 50 years of the waitangi tribunal, 1975 – 2025 was unveiled at waitangi.
read the article


changes to waitangi tribunal membership
29/01/2025, 11:33 am
eight new members, five reappointed members, and seven continuing members constitute the 20-strong current membership of the waitangi tribunal.
read the article



view all news









contact us
media
karanga rā
cliff whiting design
disclaimer
copyright
privacy







