    2025 - 2026 adventures & expedition cruise planning | expedition trips          

 


skip to content

our travel experts are always ready to answer your questions & booking requests at 1-877-412-8527.
destinationshow to plan your triptravelogueabout usget in touch




 

toggle menu





 

 destinationshow to plan your triptravelogueabout usget in touch




 























































get up close to faraway placesexplore the world with the experts on small expedition ships.
featured tripswe invite you to experience some of our favorite adventures on the planet.


polynesia to melanesia: cultures & coral gardenssail into a world of untouched beauty and ancient traditions on this extraordinary 18-day journey from polynesia to melanesia with seabourn. snorkel in fiji’s crystal-clear lagoons, witness vanuatu’s mesmerizing rom dance, and explore sacred sites where the first polynesian voyagers once stood. from tahiti’s lush peaks to the volcanic shores of ambrym, every moment is a story waiting to be lived.
view trip details


voyage to antarcticathis is the classic national geographic voyage to the antarctic peninsula. over 12 days, experience the majestic landscapes of ice, visit penguin rookeries, zodiac around tabular icebergs, and meet abundant marine and bird life. you’ll travel in a state-of-the-art icebreaker with biologists, undersea specialists, and professional photographers to help you get the most out of your voyage.
view trip details


alaska’s inside passagebe one of 100 guests to sail with national geographic to get up close to the rich wildlife and spectacular scenery of southeast alaska in this active 8-day voyage. take a kayak or zodiac to venture into the unesco world heritage site and biosphere reserve of glacier bay national park. hike into tongass national forest by special permit. breathe in the beauty of america’s last frontier
view trip detailsdestinations to explorewe specialize in some of the most wild and remote places in the world, and we can help you explore them all in style, on small expedition ships.
antarctica

galapagos

alaska

the arctic

south pacific

amazon

baja california

australia & new zealand

explore more destinationsconnect with a travel expert todayour travel experts are here to answer your questions and help you plan the trip of a lifetime. give us a call at 1-877-412-8527 or send us a message.
get in touchmeet our travel expertswe’ve explored the far reaches of the earth and understand that each person’s journey is truly unique. that’s why we always start from a place of listening, to deliver the ideal experience for you.
ashton palmerpresident

presidentashton palmer
meet ashton, the founder of expedition trips, avid explorer, and passionate eco-traveler. after spending a glorious decade exploring the world, from antarctica to the arctic, and most places in between, ashton decided to help others discover the wonders of our planet. specializing in small ship and expedition-style travel, ashton continues to be inspired by the incredible experiences people can have exploring the most remote and spectacular destinations and it brings him joy and gratitude to help people realize their wildest travel dreams. he believes that nature is a gateway to inspiration, and that when travel is done right, people can’t help but become ambassadors for the places they explore. (which is win-win for the planet and our travelers) ashton's experience in small-ship travel awards him the esteemed privilege to serve on advisory boards for the top expedition cruise lines in the industry. when not traveling, ashton enjoys spending time with his amazing wife, hillary, their four teenagers, and great friends. he feels fortunate to be surrounded by so much love.
ashley donohueexpedition advisor

expedition advisorashley donohueashley grew up in bend, oregon, where her thirst for adventure and off-the-beaten path experiences ignited at a young age. she enjoys snowboarding, rock climbing, fly fishing, backpacking, and of course, traveling.  an outdoor enthusiast and animal lover, ashley embraces her dad's belief that nature will always provide you with a gift.  at age 19, she took a month-long journey through europe by train, sparking a lifelong passion for exploration.  since then, she has backpacked around hawaii, circled iceland in a camper van, explored the rain forests of costa rica and belize, trekked through alaska's wilderness, experienced the untamed beauty of antarctica, and snorkeled alongside playful sea lions in the galápagos islands.  at expedition trips, ashley channels her love for adventure into helping others plan unforgettable journeys.
tyler krellexpedition advisor

expedition advisortyler krelltyler krell, a montana native, has cultivated a lifelong passion for adventure, beginning with explorations of the state's national parks. his international journey took flight when he ventured to ireland and again when he later studied abroad in australia. returning to ireland post-college, tyler assisted in guiding high school students in discovering their passions and connecting with the world. with travels spanning europe, north america, and beyond, tyler's dream trip combines cruising on a small ship in palau and partaking in scuba diving and photography while onboard. beyond travel, he enjoys pottery, hiking, gardening, officiating basketball, and quality time with loved ones. tyler is experienced in solo and group travel and is dedicated to helping others realize their expedition dreams.
keri hearrellchief operations officer

chief operations officerkeri hearrellhailing from the midwest and now residing in the south, keri brings her passion for efficiencies, processes, and top-notch service together with her love for travel, nature, and wildlife to expedition trips.  as a wife and mother, she knows the importance of making memories that last a lifetime.  with her attention to the finest details and a zest for planning, she ensures each of our clients is provided exceptional service conducive to creating these memories through their experiences.  when she’s not assisting our clients, you can find her enjoying her passions for cooking, baking, hiking, gardening, and traveling with her family.  she has traveled extensively throughout the caribbean, and various parts of the us including hawaii and alaska, as well as mexico and canada.   she most recently traveled to the galapagos to experience the incredible wildlife, unlike anywhere else on earth, and the strikingly beautiful, rugged, remote terrain. a self-confessed lover of people, great food, and craft cocktails, she looks forward to helping people fulfill their dreams of travel to our many spectacular destinations. she feels truly fortunate and blessed to say that she “loves her job” and can’t wait to work with you on your first or next adventure.
monica heuserlogistics advisor

logistics advisormonica heusermonica has lived out of a suitcase for most of adulthood and has loved every minute of it! as a professional theater actor/singer/dancer for 30+ years, she has performed in big and small towns in every state in the u.s.a. plus canada, mexico, and singapore on-tour and in regional productions. for pleasure, she has cruised the inside passage of alaska; embarked upon a european transatlantic voyage; and scuba dived all over the caribbean. an avid hiker, she annually hits the trails out west. while performing in a hit show in las vegas for 7 years, she took great pleasure in being a local guide to visiting friends and family. she has a bfa degree in theater (directing/performance/dance) and is also a voice-over actor. passions include spontaneous adventures, being of service to others, and the great outdoors - precisely why she loves being a part of the expedition trips team!
gretchen berglogistics advisor

logistics advisorgretchen berggretchen’s love of international travel began with a student teaching program in new zealand. she followed that with a year in south korea, teaching english as a second language, then did her own language study in central and south america. the more she traveled, the more she wanted to travel, so she trekked for a month in nepal, road-tripped through western canada, then sailed on a four-month voyage around the world with the semester at sea program. she also earned her padi certification in thailand, rode horses in iceland, and camped in the wahiba sands desert of oman. she was with expedition trips from 2004-2008, and in 2022 returned to the travel fold. with expedition trips she has traveled to antarctica, the galapagos & peru, alaska, the arctic, the mediterranean/atlantic coast of europe, and the wild fjords of southern greenland. she balances her creative writing with the satisfying structure and analytical detail required of expedition trip planning, bringing with her a never-ending enthusiasm for world travel, small ships, polar regions, and penguins.trip highlights & travel tipsa truly unforgettable trip is all in the preparation. get to know some of the local secrets and top tips with first-hand knowledge from our experts. 
media & pressour take on the nyt 52 places to go in 2025we've chosen 5 destinations from the list that are best experienced on an expedition-style cruise.
read more
travel tipstop reasons to book with expedition tripshere are the top reasons you should book your next adventure with expedition trips.
read more
travel tipsamazing arctic wildlifenorth of 66° 33' latitude north, encompassing the top of our globe, infinite shades of...
read more
travel tipsgreatest amazon experienceimagine starting your morning by peacefully kayaking along the river, gliding past the jungle as...
read moreour partnerswe partner with the very best travel professionals who share our passion for expedition style travel.











expedition trips in the newswe’re honored to be recognized as leaders in the travel industry, and we’re committed to furthering sustainable, responsible, authentic travel solutions.






what our clients have to sayhappy travelers are everything to us. hearing your tales of adventure, sharing in your joy of travel, and knowing you came away richer from the experience is what we’re all about.trip toantarctica
“beautiful scenery, abundant marine wildlife, excellent shipboard accommodations. the ship's staff were excellent in every way. they were knowledgeable, personable and completely professional. expedition trips enabled us to distinguish between the multitude of travel options to antarctica. ”
— rob c. - tucson, aztrip tothe arctic
“it may seem easy to do research and booking online, but if i had done that, i would have not only lost money, but also lost out on valuable advice. they went above and beyond to listen to me and at all times i felt like an important and valued client. with situations in the world rapidly changing the support expedition trips can offer, is more important than ever.”
— pamela k. - new york, nytrip togalapagos
“we experienced moments beyond our wildest dreams. during one snorkeling excursion alone, we swam with sea lions, galapagos penguins, sharks, and a giant manta ray, all seen within 15 minutes of one another. this seasoned traveler can tell you that this is truly the trip of a lifetime. ”
— philip g. - minnetonka, mn
get in touchphone1-877-412-8527hoursmon-thu, 
8 a.m.–5 p.m. ptaddress5932 california ave sw, 
seattle, wa 98136-1863, 
united statesdestinationsantarcticagalapagosalaskathe arcticsouth pacificamazonbaja californiaaustralia & new zealandhow to plan your triptravelogueabout ussign up for insider travel tips, special offers, and more.  first name(required)last name*(required)email(required)
captcha sign up 










  follow us on our socials.











©2025 expedition trips. all rights reserved.privacy policywe use cookies to customize and optimize your experience on our site. find out more in our privacy policy.accept allmanage consent


close
privacy overviewthis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. we also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. these cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. you also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. but opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.


necessary							

necessary
always enabled
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.cookiedurationdescriptioncookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "analytics".cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional11 monthsthe cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "functional".cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "necessary".cookielawinfo-checkbox-others11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "other.cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance11 monthsthis cookie is set by gdpr cookie consent plugin. the cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "performance".viewed_cookie_policy11 monthsthe cookie is set by the gdpr cookie consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. it does not store any personal data.

functional							

functional
functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.

performance							

performance
performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.

analytics							

analytics
analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.

advertisement							

advertisement
advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.

others							

others
other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
save & accept
                      

