




 


iv vitamin c protocols and procedures | dr. thomas levy, md, jd, vitamin c specialist




























menu item 1
menu item 2
menu item 3
menu item 4
menu item 5
menu item 6
menu item 7














welcome to dr. thomas e. levy's website

 subscribe rss 



     


home
health e-bytes / articles
books
videos
request for lecture
about dr. levy
events
medical blog
resources
contact











   



workshop: optimal treatment of disease with dr. thomas levy, md, jd
by dr. thomas levy, md, jd



join dr. levy for a six-hour virtual workshop called "optimal treatment of disease with dr. thomas levy" on how what protocols to use to optimally treat disease on february 26, 2023
read more 





   



root canals are a primary cause of chronic disease
by dr. thomas levy



 what is a root canal treatment and could this be the cause of chronic disease? such a treatment, typically just called a "root canal," refers to a dental procedure commonly performed today on a badly decayed or infected tooth, and are an overlooked cause of chronic disease, often with the patient presenting with pain.
read more 





   



the many faces of vitamin c
by dr. thomas levy



a question that has been presented to me numerous times since the publication of my book, curing the incurable: vitamin c, infectious diseases, and toxins, is "what kind of vitamin c should i take, and why?" it is a very good question, indeed, as the variable effects on both short-term and long-term clinical outcomes can be dramatic. 
read more 





   



essential phospholipids: what are they?
by dr. thomas levy



phospholipids are the primary building blocks of cellular membranes. these membranes are the "containers" that hold the living matter within each cell. they also give definition, shape, and protection to many of the substructures (organelles within the cell like the nucleus and mitochondria) within our cells.
read more 





   



so what are liposomes, exactly?
by dr. thomas levy



liposomes are bilayer (double-layer), liquid-filled bubbles made from phospholipids. over 50 years ago, researchers discovered that these spheres could be filled with therapeutic agents and used to protect and deliver these agents into the body and even into specific cells of the body.
read more 










 health articles  

thomas e. levy, md, jd
dr. thomas e. levy is a board certified cardiologist and has written six books on health-related issues. most of his work has centered on how to restore and maintain good health in the face of the many different forms of toxicity that all of us face, typically on a daily basis. he no longer has a clinical practice of medicine and cardiology. rather, he limits himself to research and writing at this time, and he is currently working on his seventh book, death by calcium: the supplement that kills.

related to this article

beyond vaccinations and antibiotics
some observations on "enriched" food products
electrons, toxins and disease
vitamin c and severe influenza






  appearances  

dr. levy on extreme health radio
the extreme health radio show hosted dr. tom levy on a recent episode of the program. in this program, the audience was told about the power of liposomal vitamin c and why homemade liposomal vitamin c may not be the best. dr. levy also spoke about iron, and why it is dangerous, dental health, detoxification and much more!

other appearances

super human radio
natural health 365








gallery
            view more 



videos

dr. thomas e. levy discusses why it's important to get a balance of various antioxidants to optimize health, including b vitamins, vitamin c and vitamin d. quoted from ihealthtube.com

dr. thomas e. levy explains how glutathione is the most important intracellular antioxidant for the body. it works with vitamin c to optimize health and fight disease. quoted from ihealthtube.com 
view more



awards

dr. levy inducted into the orthomolecular medicine hall of fame on april 30, 2016











          click here for the supplement that helps sustain the healthy vitamin c levels of a properly-supplemented individual.
          


 rapid virus recovery 

 email subscription 




books by dr. thomas levy

 recent medical research on magnesium revealed something that even the medical visionary thomas levy didn't anticipate: magnesium is the natural antidote for the root cause of all pathalogical damage from every disease and poisoning known to man.
buy now


 the overwhelming evidence in hidden epidemic proves that oral infections are responsible for most heart attacks and breast cancers, as well as a majority of other chronic degenerative diseases.
buy now


 the toxic tooth: how a root canal could be making you sick delivers exactly what the title promises: a surprising, powerful exposï¿½ of one of dentistry's most common procedures. 
buy now


 the regular intake of dairy and calcium supplementation promotes all known chronic degenerative diseases, and it significantly shortens life. 
buy now


 a hereditary defect prevents the human body from synthesizing a natural cure-all made by most animals and found in abundance by primal man. 
buy now


according to national statistics, your odds of developing coronary heart disease may be greater than getting tails in a simple coin toss! why leave it to chance?
buy now


 don't just accept a casual, unenlightened assessment of what high-dose vitamin c can and cannot do. read the truth for yourself.
buy now






 


   

© 2024 dr. thomas levy. all rights reserved









in case you missed it live..

   



workshop:optimal treatment of disease with dr. thomas levy, md, jd
by dr. thomas levy, md, jd


mark your calendar and join dr. levy for a six-hour virtual workshop called "optimal treatment of disease with dr. thomas levy" on how what protocols to use to optimally treat disease on february 26, 2023
read more 

x




