k-state college of education



powercat


chevron


double-chevron



chat-purple





news-purple






briefcase-purple



home


computer window with a question mark





close


facebook


linkedin


menu


quote


search


twitter


youtube


apply-purple








apply-white








chat-white





request-purple



request-white









jump to main contentjump to footer

kansas state university



connect
canvas
orgcentral
navigate
ksis
hris
webmail



sign in


browse a-z




college of educationsearch
search
educatorspowered by purposeeducatorspowered by purposeapply nowrequest infoapply nowrequest info choose from 40+ programswhich program type interests you?endorsementundergraduate certificatebachelor's degreegraduate certificatemaster's degreedoctoral degreeselectexplore all programsour faculty have over 1,000 years of experience in the k-12 classroominspireour award-winning programs are innovative, timely, and flexibleimpactwe use technology as a creative way to enhance teaching and learninginnovativewe are a community of teachers and leaders motivated to advocate for allinclusive
news & events check out our latest news and events!find it here!
 
99% of new graduates employed or pursuing further educationalumni in all 50 states and 59 countries$2.76 million in scholarships awarded in the last 5 years
scholarships and financial aida k-state education is affordable for both traditional and online students. that means that even if you choose to study online, you may be eligible for scholarships and financial assistance.diversity initiativesour commitment to diversity can be seen throughout the collective work of our departments, centers, and programs.
a focus onexceptional experiencethe college of education was a great fit from the start! it has given me great opportunities that have allowed me to succeed and i am excited to be a future educator!leah renyer, secondary math educationthe college of education and call me mister program has shaped me into being prepared for the real world of teaching. they are teaching me not just how to be teacher, but also a leader in the educational world. jason carpenter jr., elementary/physical education
edcats communityacademics
please see the college of education reopening plan on our safety and health web page.
interested in working for the college of education? these are our current employee opportunities!

apply-white








chat-white





request-white



how to applyrequest infovisitcollege of education114 bluemont hall 1114 mid-campus dr. north, manhattan, ks 66506 785-532-5525 |  785-532-7304  fax | edcoll@k-state.edu





contact us


emergency


statements and disclosures


accessibility





kbor free expression statement




© kansas state university


updated






updated: 1/28/25

