





aa online








welcome to aa online!

we are glad you are here!
 
click here to enter text chat room
(aaonline.org)

  
 

god grant me the serenity to accept 
      the things i cannot change.....courage to change the things i can.....and 
      wisdom to know the difference....
 




who we are...



 
we are a group of recovering alcoholics, a member of the online intergroup, that holds a.a. meetings following an online format. our hope is that any suffering alcoholic who reaches out for help will find it from the members in our room. we prefer aa online to be a website of attraction rather than promotion. we adhere to tradition 5, and all our traditions, as much as possible, with the only requirement for membership being a desire to stop drinking. we also adhere to tradition 6, lending our name to no other entities.
  


a.a. preamble


alcoholics anonymous is a fellowship of people who share their
experience, strength and hope with each other that they may solve their common problem and help others to recover from alcoholism. the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking.  there are no dues or fees for aa membership; we are self-supporting through our own contributions. aa is not allied with any sect, denomination, politics, organization, or institution; does not wish  to engage in any controversy, neither endorses nor opposes any causes. our primary purpose is to stay sober and help other alcoholics to achieve sobriety. - copyright a.a. grapevine 2021


while being much like a face- to- face meeting, we follow an online protocol. those who attend our meetings for the first few times may not know all the necessary procedures needed to participate in an online meeting, so we explain...
protocol here 

we do not hold zoom meetings. our meetings are held in text only format (no audio/video). per tradition 12, anonymity is the spiritual foundation of all our traditions.


a.a. guidelines- internet- from g.s.o., box 459, grand central station, new york, ny 10163
in simplest form, this means that a.a.s do not publicly identify themselves as a.a. members using their full names and/or full-face photos.
  

practicing the twelve traditions in cyberspace


experience has shown us that groups which use the twelve traditions have the best chance of maintaining unity and ensuring their ability to be there for the sick and suffering alcoholic who reaches out for help.
groups stick to our single purpose - recovery from alcoholism, protect the anonymity of their members, avoid affiliation with or endorsements of outside enterprises and are self-supporting.
further information is available from the online intergroup website.



any a.a. literature referenced on this website, or quoted exactly by a sharer in our meeting room, is a copyright by alcoholics anonymous world services, incâ©.. the opinions and experiences shared are of the individual's, and not necessarily in agreement with the program of a.a.



during meetings, we share one at a time without interruptions or crosstalk.


please do not type into the room while someone is sharing.


please do not raise your hand until  the chairperson calls for them and indicates "ga" (go ahead), so they don't miss you while typing.


type (!) if you wish to share (this is equivalent to raising your hand at a
meeting) and you will be called on in the order of hands raised.


type "ga" (go ahead) when you're finished sharing.


type (?) if you need help. look for the blinking dot in the users list. click the name beside the dot and a volunteerwill assist you in private message.



we ask members to please share their own experience and not cross talk or judge another's share. any negative input to another is strongly discouraged.  in this room, we also have a profanity filter to keep the language suitable for all members. we prefer aa online to be a web site of attraction rather than promotion. we try to allow all attendees an equal chance to share their experience, strength, and hope in the spirit of alcoholics anonymous. 


the primary purpose of the availability of the aa online chat room between meetings is to provide a safe place for continued discussion of recovery  that will enhance sobriety. keep in mind that we are all personally responsible for our own conduct in meeting this purpose. 
protocol is not in effect during open chat sessions. some may be discussing non-recovery issues at times, but please stop us if you need to ask something or need some help! 


we ought to all be ready and willing to help the newcomer or any suffering alcoholic. may your higher power guide you on your journey of sobriety. 

"...and though perhaps he came to scoff, he may remain to pray." 
(alcoholics anonymous, dr. silkworth)




if prompted to  register before entering the room, type the username you want to use and a password. submit the form. click the key, type password, and login. you may also enter as a guest. choose a username, and no password is needed. do not click the key. click login.




meeting schedule 
(all times eastern) 


weekdays: 8:30am, 1:30pm, 6:30pm, 9:30pm  weekends: 8:30am, 3:00pm, 6:30pm, 9:30 pmbeginners meetings: mondays 9:30pm, wednesdays 1:30pm, saturdays 3:00pm   







from the pamphletis a.a. for you? - twelve questions only you can answer


only you can decide whether you want to give a.a. a try...whether you think it can help you.
we who are in a.a. came because we finally gave up trying to control our drinking. we
still hated to admit that we could never drink safely. then we heard from other a.a. members
that we were sick.(we thought so for years!) we found out that many people suffered from
the same feelings of guilt and loneliness and hopelessness that we did. we found out that we
had these feelings because we had the disease of alcoholism.
a.a. does not promise to solve your life 's problems. but we can show you how we are learning to live without drinking 'one day at a time.'
we stay away from that 'first drink.' if there is no first one, there cannot be a tenth one. and when we got rid of alcohol, we found that life became much more manageable.

copyright 2018 by alcoholics anonymous world services, inc.all rights reserved.


if you are new to aa online, learn more about us, we welcome you! 
faq



we are glad you came to aa online, keep coming back! you will find hope here!



home |

a.a. preamble | 

aa online user registration |

meetings and chat |

faq |

meeting schedule |

service volunteers |

chair signups |

birthday signups | 

a.a.- this & that | 

room use policy

back to top




any a.a. literature referenced on this website, or quoted exactly by a sharer in our meeting room, is a copyright of alcoholics
anonymous world services, inc. the opinions and experiences shared are of the individual's, and not necessarily in agreement with the program of a.a.found in the "big book" alcoholics anonymous.



