














ippnw.eu | www.ippnw.eu











a- | 
		a | 
		a+

    




newsletterfeedback









haupt-navigation
home  nuclear weapons  nuclear energy  prevention of war  social responsibility








navigation
homeabout ippnwabolition of nuclear weaponsnuclear energy and securityprevention of warsocial responsibilitystudentseventswho's whomembershipaffiliate links








recommended links





ippnw germany




ippnw austria




medact




ippnw switzerland




psr finland




more links
















you are here: www.ippnw.eu
 



						february 11th, 2025
					
idpd condemns trump’s plan to take over gaza
this will push the region into deep humanitarian crisis







the indian doctors for peace and development (idpd) has condemned in strong words the plan of us president donald trump to annexe gaza and to push 2.3 million residents out to egypt and jordan to resettle there. trump has further said that they will have no right to return. his statement has been rejected by the palestinians who will resist any such attempt which will lead to serious bloodshed.

more








						february 5th, 2025
					
ippnw germany warns of serious breach of international law
trump's plans for the gaza strip







the medical peace organization and german affiliate of ippnw is calling on the german government to sharply reject the us plans to “take possession” of the gaza strip and the deployment of us troops as a serious breach of international law. the german government should demand an immediate halt to military attacks in the west bank from the israeli government and should no longer supply arms to the israeli government.

more








						save-the-date
					
ippnw’s 24th world congress, nagasaki 2025







in october 2025, the 24th ippnw world congress will be held in nagasaki, 36 years since it was last held there in 1989. this historic occasion marking the 80th anniversary of the atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki offers an unparalleled opportunity to reflect on the devastating consequences of nuclear weapons and to recommit to global efforts toward disarmament. the main congress will be 2-4 october, 2025 with a student congress on 1 october and governance meetings on 1 & 5 october. we expect over two hundred health professionals and students from ippnw affiliates worldwide to attend in person to explore practical steps toward advancing nuclear abolition and securing our common future. join us.
more information and registration







						january 22, 2025
					
ceasefire: medact statement







on sunday 19th january, a long-awaited ceasefire in gaza came into effect after 15 months of israel’s genocidal military campaign. the agreement will see a temporary six-week ceasefire, wherein israeli hostages will be exchanged for palestinian prisoners. we are heartened by the hope brought to palestinians in gaza. since the announcement of the deal last week, we saw the particularly cruel continuation of brutal israeli bombardment – but a precarious ceasefire has held since sunday. we hope and pray this ceasefire will bring about a lasting end to israel’s genocidal assault on palestinians in gaza, who have endured such horrors and paid the highest price.


read whole statement







						april 11-13, 2025 geneva
					
2025 european regional meeting







31.01.2025 ippnw geneva liaison office is honored to host the european regional meeting in geneva friday 11 april to sunday 13 april 2025. the reasons for choosing geneva are its unique role as an international city of peace and to celebrate the opening of the geneva liaison office. the meeting will host guests from civil society, academia and politics to speak, participate in panel discussions, and address your questions. we are excited about this opportunity for our members to collaborate and plan our critical next steps to reaching our ultimate goal: nuclear weapons abolition.


more information and registration







						december 9th, 2024
					
ippnw action at cop29 for disarmament, climate justice and health







for the 29th un climate conference (cop29) in baku, azerbaijan,  international physicians for the prevention of nuclear war (ippnw) and  medact sent official delegations to highlight human and environmental  health. the ippnw team emphasized that the climate crisis,  militarisation, and nuclear weapons pose a severe threat to global  health, stressed that the climate crisis exacerbates conflict and  inequality, and called for addressing fossil-fuel dependence and  militarisation through peace action, press conference and advocacy at  cop29.


more







						december 5th, 2024 
					
finland’s changing nuclear weapons policy







05.12.2024 finland has traditionally promoted nuclear  disarmament and a nuclear weapons free world. finland was one the first  countries to sign npt and in the 60’s and 70’s our president urho  kekkonen advocated that the nordic countries should be nuclear weapon  free. in our nuclear energy act (from 1987) there is a paragraph  prohibiting the import, manufacturing and possessing of nuclear weapons. before we joined nato last year, there were  open-minded discussions on the treaty to prohibit nuclear weapons  (tpnw), and whether finland should join it. but russian’s unlawful attack on ukraine in february 2022  changed the atmosphere in finland almost overnight. the vast majority  of politicians and citizens began to support finland joining nato. 

more







disarmament for climate justice and health
ippnw delegation to cop29 







from 11 to 22 november, the 29th un climate change conference (cop29) took place in baku, azerbaijan. for the second time, ippnw sent an official international delegation to cop to bring human and environmental health to the table.



				
					
						[more] 
					
				
				






nobel peace prize







on behalf of the international physicians for the prevention of nuclear war (ippnw), and its member affiliates in 55 nations, ippnw co-presidents congratulated nihon hidankyo on being awarded the 2024 nobel peace prize! "it is significant and appropriate that the hibakusha receive the prize this year as we approach the 80th anniversaries of the atomic bombings of hiroshima and nagasaki. your work bearing witness to the horrors of nuclear war is central to our common goal of banning and eliminating nuclear weapons through the treaty on the prohibition of nuclear weapons (tpnw).  in fact, ippnw’s very foundation was built on our understanding of the catastrophic health consequences of the atomic bombings of japan – and that the only solution is primary prevention.  with the awarding of the 2024 nobel peace prize, your work takes on heightened meaning and importance.  indeed, in many ways it is not merely recognition of past accomplishment, but is a challenge to do more", says the letter.






swiss nuclear energy: dependent on russian uranium - also via german nuclear factory







the ippnw is taking action to prevent the planned lifetime extension of the leibstadt nuclear power plant in switzerland, right on the border with baden-württemberg. the old reactor is to be operated for more than 40 years. the ippnw believes this is too dangerous and therefore contacted the responsible swiss federal councillor albert rösti in september 2024. the ippnw demands that the reactor be shut down, but at the very least an environmental impact assessment and transboundary public participation must be carried out.



				
					
						[more information in german] 
					
				
				






ippnw geneva office hits the ground running







in march 2023, ippnw established a new office in geneva, the “peace capital” of the world. in just a year, ippnw’s presence in the center for medicine and world peace is facilitating our ability to better coordinate with the like-minded organizations. major highlights include meeting with who director general, dr. tedros ghebreyesus, to discuss the renewal of the who’s 1987 study, “effects of nuclear war on health and health services”; coordinating more than 150 medical journals, including the lancet and the british medical journal, to call for urgent steps to decrease the growing danger of nuclear war; participating in norwegian people’s aid and the icrc’s nukeexpo in brussels and oslo; and much more.


more







						august 7th, 2024
					
let’s think about how to build a more peaceful world







although the current us presidential campaign has focused almost  entirely on domestic issues, americans live on a planet engulfed in  horrific wars, an escalating arms race, and repeated threats of nuclear  annihilation.  amid this dangerous reality, shouldn’t we give some  thought to how to build a more peaceful future?


more







						july 22th, 2024
					
donald trump’s reckless infatuation with nuclear weapons







over the past decade and more, nuclear war has grown increasingly likely.  most nuclear arms control and disarmament agreements of the past have been discarded by the nuclear powers or will expire soon.  moreover, there are no nuclear arms control negotiations underway.  instead,  all nine nuclear nations (russia, the united states, china, britain,  france, india, pakistan, israel, and north korea) have begun a new nuclear arms race,  qualitatively improving the 12,121 nuclear weapons in existence or  building new, much faster, and deadlier weapons.  furthermore, the  cautious, diplomatic statements about international relations that  characterized an earlier era have given way to public threats of nuclear  war, issued by top officials in russia, the united states, and north korea


more







						june 27th, 2024
					
military emissions compound the costs and consequences of war







one’s immediate thought on looking at any of the multitude of photos of  the devastation of gaza is a profound sense of sorrow and grief at the  capacity of humans to wreak such destruction and suffering. there is  mind-numbing despair at the plight of children who have lost  everything—their parents, other family members, their own health, their  education, their fun, their society, their future.


more







						june 26th, 2024
					
who and “the effect of nuclear war on health and health services”







ippnw was founded more than 40 years ago, and the main objective was to  tell people—decision makers, physicians, students and the public about  the devastating consequences of nuclear weapons and nuclear war. at the  height of the cold war, the threat of a nuclear war was palpable and  even young children had fears of the end of the world. meanwhile, in  many parts of the world, bomb shelters were built that were said to  protect from atomic bombs, and children were taught to “duck and cover”  under the school desks were they to see an explosion flash.


more







						june 19th, 2024
					
“we reject war” reflections from the vatican’s world meeting on human fraternity







on 10-11 may 2024, the vatican’s fratelli tutti foundation brought  twenty noble laureates and leaders together for the second world meeting  on human fraternity. represented by three of our four co-presidents —  drs. kati juva, david onazi, and carlos umaña — ippnw participated in  the meeting and the drafting of the declaration, “we reject war: let  diplomacy prevail over arms. we want peace!”, ensuring that the urgent  need to eliminate nuclear weapons was captured in the final statement.


more







						june 12th, 2024
					
call for sanity, call for action







[the following statement was adopted by ippnw’s international council  (ic) at the conclusion of our june 2024 virtual ic and board meetings.]
today humankind faces the twin existential threats of climate change  and nuclear war. the former is already making large parts of our planet  uninhabitable; far greater climate action is critically needed. for  nuclear war, which could kill billions and end human civilisation,  prevention is the only cure. 


more







						june 4th, 2024
					
enforcement of international law is long overdue







international law―the recognized rules of behavior among nations based on customary practices and treaties, among them the united nations charter and the universal declaration of human rights―has  been agreed upon by large and small nations alike.  to implement this  law, the nations of the world have established a un security council (to  maintain international peace and security) and a variety of  international courts, including the un’s international court of justice(which adjudicates disputes between nations and gives advisory opinions on international legal issues) and the international criminal court (which prosecutes individuals for crimes of genocide, crimes against humanity, war crimes, and the crime of aggression).


more


















top of page













ippnw’s 24th world congress 


ippnw’s 24th world congress will be held in nagasaki, japan  in october 2025 to coincide with the 80th anniversary of the atomic  bombings of japan. 



				
					
						[more information and registration] 
					
				
				



learn about nuclear weapons  
learn about nuclear weapons is a web-based educational material from the  swedish physicians against nuclear weapons for those who want to learn  more about nuclear weapons:learnaboutnukes.com


ippnw european regional meeting 2023


  
documentationvideo report euronewsphotos on flickr








 
ippnw responds to crisis in ukraine: www.ippnw.org








 
article by angelika claußen: war is a climate killer 






video: cop26


 
youtube: "cop26 - why nuclear is not a solution", panel on nuclear energy in glasgow



climate protection needs peaceippnw-paper:how the military and armaments fuel the climate catastrophe 
pdf downloada roadmap to end nuclear sharing  
in conversation with eu parliamentarians 28. juni 2021
recording link


medical peace work


medical peace work online courses






campaigns






i can - international campaign to abolish nuclear weapons





aiming for prevention









animated short film about du by icbuw and paxchristi


 
click to watch the video in ippnw's youtube channel









search|newsletter|editorial|privacy|sitemap

© 2025 ippnw - all rights reserved







