


tapped in home







    










      about  
 publications  
  newsletters  
  perspectives  
  transcripts  
















about tapped in®
from 1997-2013, tapped in was the online workplace of an international community of 
  education professionals. k-12 teachers, librarians, administrators, and professional development staff,
  as well as university faculty, students, and researchers gathered in tapped in
  to learn, collaborate, share, and support one another.
the tapped in community is now closed, but the scores of publications 
  about tapped in, as well as tapped in newsletters, 
  member perspectives, and transcripts
  are archived here. tapped in has also been cited in over 35 publications, including a dozen books.


tapped in campus


 

 

history
"what a run, fantastic job so well done, many thanks" -- john, feb 3, 2013.
   see more member perspectives
tapped in hosted the content and activities of more than 150,000 education professionals 
  in thousands of user-created spaces that contain threaded discussions, shared files and urls, 
  text chats, an event calendar, and other tools to support collaborative work.
from its beginnings in 1997
  as an nsf-funded research project to support online teacher 
  professional development, tapped in quickly evolved into a large online  
  education community of practice.
  with additional funding from nsf, the tapped in user interface was
  redesigned in 2001 as a web-based
  online community offering new features to more effectively support group work. 
over its history, more than 50 organizations, including education agencies and institutions of
  higher education, consulted with tapped in staff and became "tenants" in the system to meet the 
  needs of students and faculty with online courses, workshops, seminars, mentoring programs, 
  and other collaborative activities. while tenant organizations typically set up private spaces for their 
  affiliated members, tapped in has also hosted approximately 40-60 public activities per month designed by 
  tapped in members and open to anyone in the community (including tenant members). volunteers 
  drove the majority of tapped in community-wide activity. because tapped in was populated 
  with members of multiple tenant organizations as well as unaffiliated members, it was best seen 
  as a network of education professionals rather than a single community.
research on tapped in ranged from several small qualitative studies to use of 
    automated methods to better understand online interactions, including analysis of
    bridges and
    community structures in tapped in.
    see publications to learn more about tapped in
    research.  nsf funding for tapped in ended in 2003, but the community was sustained through
    tenant funding until 2008, and then through volunteer efforts until it closed on
    march 18, 2013. 



screenshots
click an image to see a large version. also see the tapped in interface evolution over the years.


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  










this material is based upon work supported by the national science foundation under grants 9725528, 9616585, and 0106926. 
       any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the national science foundation.






