





juana's pagodas & sailors' grill








      menu




home (current)



                food
                

order online
sailors' grill
menus
juana bites menu



                events
                

calendar
spring jam 2025
regatta
penguin plunge
event planning



                leagues
                

volleyball
cornhole
darts/pool



                juana wear
                

shop
juana's around the world


ski & sail



              galleries
              

photos
videos



                links
                

plunge sponsors
cool links


contact us


beach cam







 

juana's pagodas and sailors' grill

 

new beach stage
               for concerts and events!
             

 

juana's pagodas & sailors' grill
best place to catch awesome sunsets!



  previous    next  


juana's pagodas & sailors' grill
great food, drinks and entertainment!
family owned & operated in navarre since 1989
 

 









sailors' grill
open daily, 8 am-9 pm
serving breakfast and lunch/dinner daily. dine in our climate controlled dining room or out on the deck overlooking the water. we have a casual atmosphere and feature delicious burgers, seafood and salads, awesome omlets for breakfast, and bakery items
menus







pagoda bar                   
open daily in season and otherwise as weather permits, the big pagoda features a round bar and sand floor that's great for dancing.  live music friday & saturday.
music schedule
drink menu









schooner bar
the schooner bar is inside sailor's grill.  it is climate controlled and has a great view of the beach stage and water!


drink menu









deck bar
the deck bar is a great place to enjoy a beverage while watching beach volleyball below, or to catch one of our awesome sunsets! the deck is open as weather permits, and in season features live music!








club pagodas
open daily, the climate controlled club features 9 tv's and large screen for viewing sporting events, state of the art sound and lighting system for night time dancing, and fully stocked bar. dj on friday & saturday nights! check our event calendar for our live music schedule !




 





juana bites
open daily, our take out window for snacks like pizza and wings to enjoy in the pagoda, on the deck, in the club, on the beach, or to take home!
menu











juana shop
the shop is located inside the entrance to sailors' grill, and features t shirts, tanks, and beach attire, koozies, mugs and gift items.  where will you wear your juana wear? mark your spot on the map in the pagoda.
shop online







beach rentals
enjoy the water by renting a jet ski, sailboat, pontoon boat, sup or kayak.  rent a padded chair and umbrella to relax under while enjoying a cold beverage from one of our bars. rental season is march to october.
rental rates
weather









leagues
we have 6 lit volleyball courts with leagues that run from march thru november. during the winter months stay warm in the club with weekly pool tournaments.


volleyball




sorry, no pets allowed!




here's how to find us!

from the north we are located just over the navarre beach bridge on the right. look for the grass huts! 






stay up to date!
for events that you don't juana miss!
join our mailing list










juana's pagodas and sailors' grill 
copyright ©1989·2025 all rights reserved · juana's inc










