
     myostat motion control | automation components and support         

















   



myostat




engineered solutions

engineering support for quality automation solutions


	ethercat, ethernet/ip, and modbus tcp are all communications options on the cm1 series cool muscle integrated servo.

	the cm1-e ethercat line provides a 2 port ethernet switch, along with a variety of i/o, using both rj45 and m8 connectors for networking.

	the cm1-t ethernet/ip and modbus tcp line also provides a 2 port ethernet switch, along with a variety of i/o, using both rj45 and m8 connectors for networking.

learn more about the cm1 ethernet based motors here.

our success relies on you, so you can rely on us.

trending at myostat



	mark mccann took time out of his busy development schedule to talk with devin about the new cm1-e ethercat servo system and show the m series gantry system in motion. we would like to thank design engineering for featuring us in their video by design series.

	 



	 


	our friends in japan created something unique and interesting for the entertainment industry. muscle corporation was challenged to provide a system with response times fast enough to be incorporated into a music video. the robots move with the lead dancer, choreographed to last note, from sunaosystem feat. k-over. 

	 



	 
 

 



engineering services

myostat motion control is committed to providing the solution that works for you.  our complete range of quality products, paired with exceptional engineering support creates an unbeatable combination.  myostat's skilled staff will work with you to design and implement custom electronics, software and touch panel interfaces rounding out your machines design requirements. 

software
development
cool muscle integrated servo systems, integrated actuators, pc and industrial host controller software design and implementation is one of the core services that the engineering team at myostat motion control inc, provides. decrease your development time and optimize your system design by taking advantage of the year's of experience that myostat can bring to your next product.


interface
development

	touch panel and hand held interface programming, along with custom electronics and circuit design are among the many services that myostat provides to accelerate your machine design schedule.

	call or email us to find out more 905-836-4441, info@myostat.ca

	for social updates and youtube videos, look for us on google+


 

 






careers




view all open positions




news





contours software updated to v1.0.22
contours, myostat's software for creating spline based motion, has been updated to version 1.0.22. this software works with the cm1-c-17l30c-wgl, cm1-c-17s30c-wgl, cm1-c-23l20c-wgl and cm1-c-23s30c-wgl motors. 

for more information on contours, watch this video.
read more


belt drive actuator solutions from myostat
the m series belt actuators are a new line of modular actuators in 4 different frame sizes. the series' components include ready made solutions for inline and right angle motor mounting, coupling multiple actuators to one drive motor, or mounting the actuators together to make multiple axis gantries.

unlike z-theta systems designed for semiconductor handling, the mx-40 is designed for lifting and rotating larger items, with gearing options to handle higher inertia offset loads. the mx-40 is based on the m40 belt drive actuator providing a t-slot aluminum body for easy mounting.
read more

see all myostat news




email newsletter






join our email list to receive the latest news in your inbox.
your name:

email address:


subscribe
subscribed...








contact information







	info@myostat.ca

	 

	1-877-696-7828

	 

support portal












myostat
cool muscle
gearboxes
integrated actuators
reli-a-flex couplings
sr joint

tamagawa


 software engineering services motion control resources contact us 


 

 site map contact us about us site help privacy policy web design - treefrog inc. motion control what is a servo motor? what is a belt driven actuator? what is a ball screw actuator? why use an sr joint? 












