







king guide iv drug compatibility and stability | kingguide.com





















toggle navigation








home
online edition login
products
updates
support
about


online store













when you must have the latest in iv compatibility and stability
the most updated iv compatibility and stability reference available since 1971






we begin 2025 with...

			604 injectable drug monographs  
          over 3,350 peer reviewed references
          

in 2024 we added:
			  3 new intravenous drugs
		    new compatibility information for 131 drugs
          		new stability information for 17 drugs
view a complete list of the updates to the king guide since 2005.


king guide to parenteral admixtures

provides stability and compatibility in a simple at-glance-view of 11 common infusion fluids
lists drug compatibility and stability in small volume and large volume parenteral solutions
presents separate listings for y-site, syringe, and admixtures
provides a database that cites results from 3,300 references in the pharmaceutical, medical, and nursing literature
is updated quarterly online and in-print

consistency counts
2025 is the 54th year that the king® guide to parenteral admixtures® has been the leading source of the most up-to-date iv drug compatibility and stability information in hospital pharmacy practice worldwide.  in those 54 years, dr. james king and dr. patrick catania have been the only editors of the king guide and have made carefully crafted updates every quarter using painstaking and time-tested methods for data collection and reporting. no other references can claim this kind of consistency in information compilation.
well informed decisions
drug safety, improved patient outcomes, ensuring compliance and eliminating costly errors have always been our top priorities. using the latest technology and a consistent editorial team benefits practitioners' ability to analyze continuously updated information without sacrificing convenience and mobility.
peer reviewed, evidence based
we strive to include in the king® guide to parenteral admixtures® only that information which has been published in peer reviewed and refereed journals or information that is provided by the manufacturer.
        	  
        	  we believe that by using only data that have been reviewed via the professional literature, we insure the accuracy of the content of king guide.
        	  
        	  unpublished results that have not had the benefit of scholarly review are inadequate and other references that rely heavily on unpublished results should be scrutinized cautiously.


spring 2025


in this update we added  a new monograph for aprepitant.

		  we also  added new stability information to the monographs for cabazitaxel,  fosaprepitant dimeglumine, omadacycline, and pembrolizumab.
new compatibility  information was added to the existing drug monographs for colistimethate  sodium, aztreonam, cefotaxime sodium, ceftriaxone, co-trimoxazole, daptomycin,  fluconazole, furosemide, heparin sodium, hydrocortisone sodium succinate,  ibuprofen, insulin, regular, ketoprofen, levetiracetam, linezolid, magnesium  sulfate, morphine sulfate, nafcillin sodium, omadacycline, ondansetron  hydrochloride, palonosetron hydrochloride, piperacillin and tazobactam,  potassium chloride, potassium phosphate, protamine sulfate, sodium phosphate,  tenecteplase, thiamine hydrochloride and tramadol hydrochloride. 





online edition
access from any computer, tablet, or phone makes decision making available where it's needed most - at the point of care. full text monographs include route, dosage, temperature, and containers used to determine the stability and compatibility of over 600 injectable drugs.

 

y-site compatibility wall charts
tjc endorsed, our laminated wall charts are ideal for the pharmacy or nurses stations. reports y-site compatibility of 122 drugs and 4 infusion fluids. available in english and french.

 

print edition
the original king guide and with quarterly updates still the best way to maintain rapidly changing information in print. full text monographs include route, dosage, temperature, and containers used to determine the stability and compatibility of over 600 injectable drugs in a four-volume loose-leaf reference.

 

database licensing
for hit vendors and hospitals. add significant value to existing systems by incorporating the king guide database. 













stay informed of drugs with new informationjoin our newsletter






king guide
home
store
about us
contact us
legal

support
faq
provide feedback
support links
order form (pdf)

product information
online edition
wall charts
digital books
loose-leaf edition
database licensing





copyright® 2025 - king guide publications, inc. - all rights reserved.










