










home - santa clara county bar association























































 
 












 




skip to content































menu 
get to know us who we are board of trustees our staff our bylaws our valuesmember resources sccba knowledge hub member discounts code of professionalismpublic resources lawyer referral arbitration & mediation public directory of attorneyswhat’s new advertise with sccba job postings court noticesevents & cles events calendar meetings calendarjoin sccba lrs sections committeesmember login









directory













 
























this is your bar 
connect, engage & belong to santa clara county's premier legal community.
did you know that new attorneys, regardless of their age, can be members of our barristers section at no cost for the first nine years of their practice?
also open to all members at no cost  is membership on one of many committees, like diversity, equity & inclusion, civil practice, or democracy & the rule of law (new!) and ai in the law (new)!
did you know that the attorneys in our lawyer referral service collectively generate nearly $1m in revenue in for its lawyers annually? we will get the referrals for you!
take advantage of, and contribute to the wealth of knowledge, experience, and support at your fingertips. learn from judges and lawyers alike and become the best legal professional you can be.
this is your bar and we are your home for a strong and engaged legal community.
you belong here


learn more


 

































































































there is always something happening at sccba! 
join us for the highest quality programs, seminars and trainings in a wide variety of topics of interest. our speakers are experienced presenters with a wealth of knowledge they are excited to share. organized by our our sections, our committees and by the bar itself, you can be a part of the vision and planning, or simply attend -- at no cost to you, our members.
our social events are less focused on "networking" and more focused on community. our special events provide a way for you to connect with your colleagues, meet up with old friends, and make new contacts that can only benefit your practice!
have an idea for a mcle or a seminar? contact us and we will connect you with the best person to help see that idea come to fruition!
happy hours, picnics, social events, mcles -- there is always something worthwhile to do at sccba!


event calendar


 


















you belong here


















starting your own solo practice?  
sccba membership has you covered!
vlex, formerly known as fastcase is the world's largest repository of case law, regulatory law and international law and now offers vincent ai. as a member of sccba, you have automatic and free access to vlex saving you thousands of dollars per year!
you are going to need case management support! get your member discount from clio right here!
what about credit card processing? try gravity -- they will tailor their credit card processing services to your business!
on the go? download our app -- sccba is with you wherever you are!


lawyer referral service self-booking


 
















































law firm heroes






sccba is proud to recognize the law firms who sponsor the membership of every one of their attorneys. this important support reflects their dedication to the broader legal community in santa clara county.











supreme firms (20+ attorneys)
















                                alexander law group                            














                                berliner cohen                            














                                hoover krepelka                            














                                lathrop gpm                            














                                mcmanis faulkner                            














                                city of san jose                            














                                hoge fenton                            






next
previous









appellate firms (6-19 attorneys)
















                                valley transportation authority                            














                                b j                            














                                sweeny mason                            














                                bzb                            














                                valley water                            














                                lakin spears                            














                                lonich patton ehrlich policastri                            














                                morgan franich fredkin siamas kays llp                            






next
previous









superior firms (2-5 attorneys)
















                                law offices of kathryn schlepphorst                            














                                van keulen and van keulen                            














                                city of mountain view                            














                                hepner & pagan                            














                                moreno family law firm                            














                                costanzo law firm                            














                                borton petrini                            














                                gates eisenhart dawson                            














                                matteoni o'laughlin hechtman                            














                                argyris mah                            














                                erickson family law                            














                                foster hsu llp                            














                                gc litigation                            














                                hales and george                            














                                hess bower adams hess                            













                                paredes justo pc                            





next
previous















 












© 2025 santa clara county bar association
 | 
site by growthzone
























santa clara county bar association










click on contact us 








map and address


po box 26457 | san jose, ca 95159 









email




contact us 










members






member login
application to join
sccba lawyer referral service
public directory of member attorneys









connect with us









linkedin
























 © 2025 santa clara county bar association.  all rights reserved | site by growthzone 








 



















