











































toggle navigation














home




government


contact information
boards & commissions

board of trustees
planning commission
zoning board of appeals
other boards and commissions


elections
ordinances
forms & applications
employment
park


departments

assessing

assessing
assessing data
forms & applications


clerk

clerk
elections
cemetery


code enforcement

code enforcement


manager
planning & zoning

planning
zoning
floodplain
engineering standards
master plan
maps
forms & applications


supervisor
treasurer

treasurer
assessing data
tax bills
dog licenses
millage rates
tax deferment


utilities

utilities
water & sewer
utility bills
stormwater management
refuse & recycling






news


news bulletins
newsletters
board agendas & minutes




community


township profile
township history
new residents
community links
latson interchange
park





































810-227-5225
utilities: 800-881-4109
hours: m–f 9:00 a.m.–5:00 p.m.








bill payment(taxes and utilities)


property/assessing& tax data


zoningordinance


applications& forms


refuse & recycling














 




    genoa township is a charter township located in the heart of livingston county, michigan. lakes and wetlands, rolling hills and meadows, state parks and wildlife all abound in this beautiful community of country living.

latest township news



february 13, 2025
march genoa charter township town hall




date:  wednesday, march 12, 2025time:  6:00 p.m. – 8:00 p.m.location: genoa township hall boardroom - 2911 dorr road, brighton, mi  48116officials present:supervisor kevin t. spicherclerk janene deatontrustee bill reiberjust like the first one, this will be an informal discussion driven by you, the residents of genoa.  there is no sign in, nothing will be recorded or broadcast – this is your chance to speak freely or ask questions about what is happening in genoa township.for planning purposes, it’s great if you can rsvp to supervisor@genoa.org, or call 810-227-5225, but most importantly we want you to participate, so please join us even if you forget to rsvp.janene has also scheduled the big red barrel to be there, so please bring those unused prescription drugs for safe collection and disposal, even if you don’t want to attend the town hall.  we value your participation in our community! 






february 13, 2025
genoa township master plan update 2025




join us in a special update of the 2023 master plan, intended to confirm the direction of long-term policies with potential refinements as appropriate.on february 3, 2025, the township board approved the start of the update process. this timeline is roughly 10-12 months and meeting dates, along with opportunities for community participation, will be posted here soon!the process will begin with updating data and meeting with the planning commission to discuss goals/objectives and understand conditions in the study area.for more information, please visit the genoa township master plan update page at: https://engage.giffelswebster.com/genoa-township-master-plan-update 






february 10, 2025
genoa township meetings are now live




our new board room cameras are up & running!subscribe to the genoa township public channel today to see all of our board of trustees and planning commission meetings.we’d still love to see you in person, and if you’d like to participate you’ll have to join us in person, but if you just want to see your local government in action anytime that’s convenient for you – come check us out! 






february 4, 2025
2024 winter and summer property tax payment deadline is february 28th




last day to pay 2024 property taxes at genoa township is thursday, 2/28/25.the 2024 winter tax bills were mailed to all genoa township property owners on friday, 11/29/24.  winter taxes are payable, without penalty, through friday, 2/28/25.the 2024 summer taxes were mailed 6/28/24 and were payable, without penalty, through 9/14/24. summer tax payments can be paid, plus penalty, at genoa township until 2/28/25.  please contact the township, or check our website, for your current amount due. payments can be made online by credit card or electronic check, at the township offices by cash or check or by mail to genoa township, 2911 dorr rd., brighton, mi 48116. please contact the treasurer's office at (810) 227-5225 if you have any questions. 






february 3, 2025
winter sledding at the township park




snow is in the forecast so come enjoy the fresh snowfall at the genoa township sled hill!the sled hill has a vertical drop of approximately 40-feet and a run length of over 200 feet and is fun for all ages.benches have been installed at the top for parents and those waiting to sled. there are heated bathrooms and a warming area at the township park pavilion. there is a parking lot across the township driveway from the sled hill where parents can sit and watch their sledders in the comfort of their vehicles. last but not least, a light pole has been installed at the hill allows night time sledding.all are welcome to enjoy the winter fun for free at the township sledding hill. 






january 30, 2025
new free little library at the survivor park playground




the livingston twilight rotary has generously donated a free little library for the use of patrons at the genoa township playground. the free little library is installed at the kiosk in the new survivor park and will be maintained by the livingston twilight rotary. 

new little free library at the township survivor playground











january 28, 2025
2025 assessment notices




the assessing department will be sending out the annual assessment notices in the latter part of february. the notices are sent out to all property owners notifying them what the 2024 assessed and taxable values are changing to for the 2025 tax year. the cpi for 2025 is 3.10%.below are the dates and times for the march board of review:march 10, 2025 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.march 11, 2025 1 p.m. to 9 p.m.this is the only time changes can be made to the assessed value of your property.we also accept written appeals to the board of review, which will be accepted until noon friday march 7, 2025. we do not accept postmarks!many questions can be answered without a visit to the board of review. you can visit the township website www.genoa.org and read the frequently asked questions in the assessing department, if this does not answer your questions please call us or stop in to discuss your questions with someone in the assessing department.﻿if you feel that you have not been satisfied then you should schedule and appointment with the board of review. you must have an appointment to appear before the board of review. 






january 3, 2025
livingston county veteran services




livingston county veteran services (lcvs) offers a variety of programs and services to assist veterans and their families. lcvs employs nationally accredited veteran service officers to assist veterans in filing for us dept. of veterans affairs benefits. honorably discharged veterans registered with lcvs, and their spouse may utilize complimentary lcvs transportation to medical appointments within a 50-mile radius. to schedule a ride, call lets at (517) 546-6600, select option 3 and mention veteran status. lcvs offers honorably discharged veterans who are less fortunate several assistance programs provided by emergency relief funds, such as:$200 food and toiletry voucher plus an additional $50 for each child in the household,$200 clothing vouchers for their school-aged children up to age 18,$50 speedway fuel only cards; anddental assistance of up to $1,000 via lcvs partnership with vina dental.call (517) 546-6338 to set up an appointment and qualify for these programs. 






january 2, 2025
radon test kits available to residents - courtesy of the livingston county health department




genoa township is giving out free radon testing kits. the testing kit and instructions are available at township hall. the naturally-occurring, tasteless, odorless and colorless gas comes from the natural, radioactive breakdown of uranium in soil, rock and water and gets into the air. it enters buildings through openings in  foundation floors or walls such as sump openings, crawlspaces, floor or wall joints and cracks. in livingston county, approximately 40% of homes have elevated radon levels, according to information on the county's website from the michigan department of environmental quality. for more information on this program and on radon in general, please visit the livingston county health department radon page. 






august 5, 2024
oak wilt resolution




genoa charter township is concerned a deadly disease known as oak wilt caused by the fungus ceratocystis fagacearum is a threat to the township's oak population. improper tree trimming/removal practices may result in the establishment of oak wilt disease epicenters, which may lead to increased disease activity with devastating aesthetic and economic losses. it is therefore both advisable and prudent to attempt to prevent and control oak wilt.the entire resolution can be found here 

oak wilt resolution











june 3, 2024
brighton area fire seeking paid on-call firefighters




the brighton area fire authority is seeking residents living in genoa township, brighton township and the city of brighton who are willing to serve their community as a paid-on-call firefighter.no experience necessary, just the motivation to learn and serveall required training is provided and compensatedacademy classes are held on evening/weekendsto apply, interested applicants can go to www.brightonareafire.com or in person at 615 w. grand river, brighton, mi 48116any questions please call the brighton area fire authority at 810 229-6640. 

brighton area fire recruitment advertisement










click for more news!









upcoming meetings



board of trustees

february 17, 2025
                at
                6:30pm

see agendas and minutes



other boards and commissions


                                                no meetings currently scheduled
                                
see agendas and minutes



planning commission


                                                no meetings currently scheduled
                                
see agendas and minutes



zoning board of appeals

february 18, 2025
                at
                6:30pm

see agendas and minutes






related documents


related documents



school district map


                            a map showing the various school districts within genoa charter township                        



cvtrs report






where do your taxes go?






2025 genoa township schedule of meetings











related web links





genoa youtube channel





genoa charter township fields and walking trail

                                information on the paths and soccer fields located at the genoa charter township hall                            



brighton area fire

                                get the latest  on burning bans and other fire safety information                            



genoa township solar project





genoa charter township solar energy tracker

                                get the latest statistics on this green energy project                            



genoa charter township office holiday schedule





genoa township refuse information

                                information regarding the refuse collection                            























