


home - washington kayak club































skip to main content










print this page
text size

scroll to top








add me to your mailing list











member login
my shopping cart


 


shopping cart
cancel






share this pageshare this page on facebookshare this page on linkedinshare this page on x/twitter










             

washington kayak club
 





introduction to whitewater class


homeevents event calendar waiver trip responsibilitiesclub activities sea kayaking whitewater trips, classes & clinics pool sessions kayak polo slalom surfing safety training stewardshipclub info join or renew chairs and committees contact us membership faqs interests membership directory documents surveys news photo albums trip reports forums kayaking resources






welcome to wkc:  fun and safe kayaking through trips, education, skill development, and conservation


the washington kayak club is a non-profit community organization with the goal of supporting and educating about human powered watercraft sports of all kinds.  this includes:

      *sea kayaking                            *kayak polo                        *safety training
      *river kayaking                          *pool practice sessions      *clinics and classes
      *slalom and downriver racing  *ocean surfing                    *stewardship

click on the club activities menu above to go to the page for each activity.  the events menu has a link to the full calendar which shows more than that to the right on this page.  

join club here  quick news: more on the full news page link above
                                          
                **  new quick event button on the calendar makes trip posting easier   add quick event directions

               **  2024 fall club survey results    results       
               
               **  donation to wkc race activities by his wife, diane. in honor of manfred parker !  m parker


ww kayak basic class 2025


if you have been wanting to learn how to whitewater kayak, this course is for you! 
the course is designed for the person with no prior boating experience, but it's open (and beneficial) to those who have paddled whitewater before. you will learn basic paddle and bracing strokes, how to roll a kayak, river hydrology, and safety, all in a relaxed and friendly environment. we teach this course annually in late winter/early spring, with the hopes of having consistent water levels before the snow melts and the spring rains start.
 
click the link below to read the full description  to decide if this course is for you. use the links to learn more about the class and what is expected of our students.
 
 


2025 ww basic class
 

tukwila pool, play, polo





tukwila pool is now open for roll, play, and polo. madison pool to open december 4th.  check the pool page - pool sessions for more info. 7 rivers challenge

 






7 rivers challenge  


 
 












vice president / actng president: bob menard



secretary: karl guntheroth


cfo: meryl douglas



washington kayak club is a 501c(4) non-profit organization














wkc calendar



  


upcoming events
upcoming events
















 












home   |   
	contact us   |   
	copyright © 2025 - all rights reserved   |   
	terms of use   |   
	privacy policy

powered by 







