


hawgleg publishing -- home of gutshot, 25mm adventures in the wild west








 










 
home


 
what's gutshot?


 
what's a hawgleg?


 
letter to parents


 
retail support center


 
hawgleg blog


 
showdowns& shootouts


 
- s&s book


 
- s&s downloads


 
- s&s contest page


 
faq / help


 
conventions & appearances


 
saloon showdowncard game


 
- playtest gallery


 
playtest games


 
- playtesters


 
- midnight riders


 
- redleg gang


 
- little warriors


 
sheriff's office


 
general store


 
the corral (links)


 



 
- s&s book progress


 
---------------


 
where 
      to buy


 
 
      lone star saloon


 
- downloads


 
- forums


 
- 
      game reports


 
- 
      news archives


 
-  mitchell's hot lists


 
-  reviews &  testimonials


 
-  ole doc murphy


 
-  miss mona's parlor


 
-  mike's workbench


 
-  blogs & quick shots


 
 


 
contact us 


 
 


 
 



 

gutshot - out of printat least for now
april 2, 2024





well, it's taken a long time, but we have actually managed to sell out of all copies of last print run of the gutshot core rule book. and this made us sit back and do some thinking. y'see, it's been a long time since we've made any updates to the book. yeah, we've done some playtesting and a few things here and there and slipped 'em into the showdowns & shootouts book. but as for the core rules? nope.
so, rather than reprint our last edition, it's time fer us to sit down in front of the computer again and put the work into – finally – an updated edition.
this will take us at least the rest of this year to complete, so for now we're going to let our core book slip out of print and focus on the next iteration of the rules.
t'be honest, this is a big undertaking and we hope we can get it done in time for next year, which is (incidentally) our 20th anniversary. honestly, it don't seem possible that it's been two decades since we first released our little book to the public. but calendars don't lie.
so, if you're looking to grab a new copy of the book, we're sorry, but you'll have to wait a while.  hopefully, it'll be worth the wait.

, 
mike mitchell

things are heating up again!
feb. 1, 2021





hey there, saddle pals!
it's been a long year and an even longer time since i've sat down to update you on how things are going. 

first off, l spent christmas 2020 with a visit from that rotten covid virus. yup, me'n the missus got sick. real sick. but we're on the mend and feeling much better now.
next, our business partner, paul "mad dog" mauer has up'n left the great northwest behind him and returned to houston! and no sooner does he get back than he lights a fire under my backside and is getting us to move on some long-languishing projects. and some new stuff, to boot.

so, the new year is heating up and you'll be seein' more of us in the days to come!

,




 
   
  © 2000 - 2025 hawgleg publishing | contact us



