














eriksen chiropractic centers | home











































 









skip to content




 call your nearest eriksen chiropractic centers 
 find your nearest eriksen chiropractic centers





 schedule an appointment 
1.866.eriksen





 menu


home
locations
doctors
news
testimonials
about
careers
contact












 
 
 
 
 
 
come see why we’ve been the right choice for the last 50 years. schedule an appointment online today. 

schedule online









what can eriksen chiropractic center do for me?

eriksen chiropractic information
we are a gonstead chiropractic organization devoted to improving our patient’s lives one adjustment at a time. with over 40 years experience in providing quality chiropractic health care to our patients. we wanted to share events, areas of interest, and announcements with our family of patients and chiropractic professionals. to see what is going on in eriksen chiropractic feel free to peruse the articles below. if you have any questions or suggestions please contact us.

how gonstead chiropractic can help all members of the family
how chiropractic can reduce need for pain medication
chiropractic services for children
anxiety and chiropractic










finding health with eriksen chiropractic center

why choose eriksen?

choosing a new doctor or clinic can be a difficult and stressful undertaking, but at eriksen chiropractic centers we are committed to meeting each patients’ individual needs. we want you to feel comfortable and at ease, when visiting our office and we will spend as much time with you as necessary.




since 1972

established in 1972 to heal people and promoting wellness throughout the state of kentucky.




top-of-the-line systems

state-of-the-art chiropractic clinics featuring top-of-the-line digital x-ray machines.




 gonstead technique

gonstead is precise, gentle, and effective method of evaluating and adjusting the spine.




50+ years of experience

we have been recognized for our excellence and outstanding performance all around the state.








schedule an appointment


this is the first step in giving yourself a healthy and pain free life. we always look forward to growing our family and welcoming yours. eriksen chiropractic provides patient-friendly amenities such as private adjusting rooms and convenient office hours designed to accommodate the schedules of our varied clientele. we have strategically located our offices so that they are accessible statewide.


schedule online
ask a question







kentucky chiropractic centers ready to serve you

meet the eriksen chiropractic team
the doctors and staff at eriksen chiropractic have learned and sharpened their skills through their education in chiropractic college and training under dr. eriksen. this gives them the advantage of technical education as well as the benefit of dr. eriksen’s 50 years of experience. dr. william eriksen is one of a handful of chiropractors still practicing that had the advantage to learn the technique from dr. clarence gonstead himself.
our doctors
our founder











what is gonstead?

the gonstead system of chiropractic
it is very well known that a misaligned vertebra causes dysfunction of the nerves that exit the spine and compression of these nerves produce the back pain that is so common in our society today. however, those same nerves also supply nerve function to every single organ and system of the human body.
gonstead doctors have clinically found that by using this system they are able to create more specific adjustments that will provide quicker, more permanent, decompression the vital spinal nerves. these doctors notice more visceral (organ) changes than ever seen before.
our story











when should i see a chiropractor?

top reasons to see a chiropractor
1. are you in pain?
if you are, your body may be trying to tell you something.
2. prevent a surgery.
a recent webmd article states that chiropractic care may reduce certain surgeries by 32%.
3. get checked for scoliosis.
this should be done in most schools but can sometimes be overlooked or missed.
4. after an auto accident.
after any accident or fall for that matter, pain may not present itself for days or …even weeks after a serious accident.
about eriksen
















eriksen chiropractic centers
envisioned as a place where people can come to find and improve health, eriksen chiropractic centers offers a wide variety of health services and programs including customized exercise programs to complete and reinforce our course of chiropractic treatment.


quick links

home
doctors
locations
about
careers
contact



resources

privacy policy
patient forms
scheduling



contact us



1.866.eriksen










copyright 2025 © eriksen chiropractic centers
web design by design web




































