





sell my car brisbane for cash today - we buy cars




































































home
locations

brisbane
caboolture
gold coast
ipswich
north lakes
sunshine coast
toowoomba


faqs
about
news
contact
(07) 2113 5271



freeget your valuation nowsell my car brisbane in 3 easy steps.step 1vehicle detailsstep 2your detailsstep 3valuation*please note no cars older than 2006 with more than 200,000km


enter rego



select year



car make



car model



current km's

select...
0 - 10,000 km
10,000 - 50,000 km
50,000 - 100,000 km
100,000 - 150,000 km
150,000 - 200,000 km



current condition

select...
excellent
very good
fair (signs of wear and tear)
hail damage
non-operational




        next
        







full name



email



mobile



when are you looking to sell?

please select
asap
within a week
within a month
not sure




        submit
        














x
thanks for your enquiry!
rego: 

      we are excited by the opportunity to purchase your vehicle. one of our car
      buying specialists will be in contact with you very shortly with a price.
    

best place to sell your car in brisbane for cash - we buy cars!we buy cars are brisbane's top car buyers, committed to providing you with a straightforward car selling process. we prioritises great value for you and cash for cars. our goal is to assist brisbane motor vehicle owners of all brands, makes and models to ensure full transparency throughout selling your car to us. if you are asking yourself "should i sell my vehicle today?" then sell your car with we buy cars! we are the best place to sell any car with quick and hassle-free transactions.123step 1. free online valuationenter your used cars details into our instant online used car valuation tool.sell your car nowstep 2. arrange an appointment.arrange an appointment at one of our many branches throughout australia.sell your car nowstep 3. get paid on agreed price.get paid the price that all parties have agreed upon and get ready to buy a new car.sell your car nowsell my car with brisbane's top car buyersselling your car does not have to be a hassle if you follow our three simple steps. first we provide an on-site assessment of your vehicle, followed by a free valuation. if you're happy with the price, then we provide a payment based on the agreed upon price. it's that simple!all you need to do is fill out the form at the top of this page and include your car details. a member of our team will then contact you to set up a time to inspect your vehicle. it is that easy to sell my car brisbane.sell your car today for cash!whether you have recently decided to put your used motor vehicle up on the market or have been trying to choose between selling privately or through a dealership, selling your motor vehicle can be overwhelming! we buy cars caters to your unique circumstances and goals, and will do our best to accommodate your needs. compared to private sellers, our easy process will save you valuable time and energy. not to mention the savings on cost and convenience that dodgy dealers often overlook.we recognise the stress involved in preparing your ride for sale, that is  why if you sell to us, you won’t have to worry about any of that, because we take care of "the pre sale detail" for you. our buying team have the experience to evaluate an automobile beyond its exterior appearance to ensure you get a great price, even if your vehicle lacks curb appeal. if you’re keen to get started, fill out our free valuation form or give us a call and we will be happy to assist you!you can always sell your car with we buy cars.best place to sell my car brisbane for a quick and hassle-free transaction.if we haven't convinced you to sell your wheels with we buy cars then read our customer reviews! our 30 years of experience within the automobile buying industry means know the ins and outs of the preowned car market and are ready to help with any queries you may have to help you get the best deal. we have spent the last few years refining our approach and growing our customer base through our trusted and reliable service. since starting the business, customer satisfaction has been our number one priority. we can proudly say that we have alleviated the stress of many brisbane customers who were dreading the task of selling their ride and took care of it for them. sell your car todaywhat our customers are saying!     excellent       based on 72 reviews                       rance a  16/01/2025   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. excellent experience with zhane. simple and efficient with no bs. fair and reasonable price was offered and they took care of everything on the spot.             david niyi  11/01/2025   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. such a good experience, especially with zhane he made the selling of my vehicle so easy and at a good price. better than any other offers i got at dealers. highly recommend if you're thinking of selling your car. definitely come here first! knowledgeable and friendly staff.             hirotomi tan  08/01/2025   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. this is a great place to sell your car! zhane bought my car for a great price!             emily bradford  28/12/2024   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. it was great experience dealing with zhane he was very professional, provided great service, and made our experience a peace of mind. the value he gave was fair, and everything including transaction was spot on as he explained.             rodger brook  08/11/2024   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. i had a fantastic selling experience at we buy cars. the service and car knowledge expertise was first class!             ramon velasco  08/11/2024   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. just sold my car to webuycars. it was such a pleasant experience that i am never going to trade in my car again. selling to these guys are the way to go. spoke to zhane on the phone and to brian personally. both were very pleasant to deal with. no high pressure tactics. my meeting with brian was more of a conversation than a transaction. i never felt rushed and he offered me a fair price for the car. i had a query two days later and spoke to zhane on the phone. he got the info and called me back within 15 minutes. efficient, friendly and pleasant. this is the way every business should conduct a business. keep it up guys!             owen hackney  02/11/2024   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. amazing experience with the team at we buy cars. wasn't expecting to be offered the amount i was, much higher than i thought my car was worth. i told them what i wanted for my car and they explained how it was worth much more. they could've easily taken advantage of my naivety but they were open and honest with me. 10/10 would recommend to anyone             mitch smith  14/10/2024   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. zhane and brian best car buyers ever             bianca carbone  24/09/2024   trustindex verifies that the original source of the review is google. zhane at we buy cars made selling my car a breeze. he was incredibly friendly, professional, knowledgeable and fair. i would highly recommend zhane to anyone who needs to sell their car in a hurry.             get directions 
why use we buy cars brisbane to sell your car?i need to sell my carwe buy cars can offer you the best price for your used vehicle with our easy online evaluation tool.over 30 years experiencethe team at we buy cars has had over 30 years experience in the motor vehicle industry.no nonsense salesthe team at we buy cars australia have been trained to deal with all sorts of customer requests.trade your vehicle today"i want to get rid of it  today! i can't wait!" we hear this every day and rest assured... we want your car!don't need safety certificatewe buy cars will organise a safety certificate as part of our reselling programme.we buy 1,000's of carswe buy cars buys thousands of used vehicles each year and knows the used car industry.thousands of buyerswe buy cars is ready to buy your used car. selling your car has never been easier.we buy all types of vehicleswe buy cars will purchase about any type of used motor vehicle.we pay cash todaywe buy cars australia will pay you cash on the spot for your old car.locations we servicewe buy cars is a national used car buyer that has locations in many australian cities. we offer instant valuation on any used car with our online valuation widget. when you need to sell you car fast... talk to we buy cars today.adelaidebrisbanecairnsgold coastmelbournesunshine coastsydneytoowoombacontact us today


suburbs we service 
acacia ridge, albany creek, albion, alderley, algester, annerley, anstead, archerfield, arundel, ascot, ashgrove, aspley, auchenflower, bahrs scrub, balmoral, banyo, bardon, bellbird park, bellbowrie, belmont, berrinba, boondall, booval, bowen hills, bridgeman downs, brighton, brisbane city, brookfield, bulimba, bundamba, burbank, calamvale, camp hill, cannon hill, carina, carina heights, carindale, carseldine, chapel hill, chelmer, chermside, chermside west, coorparoo, corinda, darra, deagon, doolandella, dutton park, eagle farm, eagleby, east brisbane, eight mile plains, ellen grove, enoggera, fairfield, ferny grove, fig tree pocket, fitzgibbon, forest lake, fortitude valley, gaythorne, geebung, goodna, graceville, grange, greenslopes, hamilton, hawthorne, heathwood, hendra, herston, highgate hill, holland park, holland park west, indooroopilly, inala, jamboree heights, jindalee, kangaroo point, karalee, karana downs, kedron, kelvin grove, kenmore, kenmore hills, keperra, kingston, kuraby, lutwyche, macgregor, mackenzie, manly, manly west, mansfield, margate, mcdowall, milton, mitchelton, moggill, moorooka, morayfield, mount gravatt, mount gravatt east, mount ommaney, morningside, murarrie, new farm, newmarket, newstead, nudgee, nudgee beach, nundah, ormiston, oxley, paddington, pallara, park ridge, petrie, petrie terrace, pullenvale, red hill, richlands, riverhills, robertson, rochedale, rocklea, runcorn, salisbury, sandgate, seven hills, sherwood, shorncliffe, sinnamon park, south brisbane, spring hill, springwood, stafford, stafford heights, st lucia, stretton, sunnybank, sunnybank hills, taigum, tarragindi, taringa, teneriffe, the gap, tingalpa, toowong, upper kedron, victoria point, virginia, wacol, wakerley, warner, wavell heights, west end, westlake, wilston, windsor, wishart, woolloongabba, wooloowin, wynnum, wynnum west, yeronga, yeerongpilly, zillmere."i sold my car for top dollar with we buy cars!"(07) 2113 5271contact ust: (07) 2113 5271e: info@webuycars.com.ausubscribe for the latest news
subscription form 
subscribe 
we buy cars is the easiest & most efficient way to sell your used car.if you've been telling yourself "i need to sell my car", you're in the right place! our team are waiting for your enquiry. book today and get cash for your used automobile.locationsbrisbanegold coastsydneyipswichand more..quick linksabout us
faqs
contact
privacy policy
terms and conditions
© 2025 we buy carsmenuhome
locations
faqs
about
news
contact
 







chevron-rightfacebook-squarelinkedin-squarephonecircle-oinstagram
call now button











 




