





the bitter shack of resentment




















      the bitter shack of resentmentdestroying your comfortable life of denial, one post at a time.











monday, september 29

we've moved!  while we get the new site in shape for the public, we've moved into the homeless blog shelter over at typepad. please change your bookmarks and blogrolls and ... come visit! 
brooke |
9/29/2003 10:04:00 am
 | 
permalink



creating a monster two more t-shirts you don't need, but that i want you to buy anyway. i get 10% of all sales, and you get to be fashion-forward.  
brooke |
9/29/2003 09:13:00 am
 | 
permalink


sunday, september 28

don't put ideas in my head i thought of this, and suddenly, it's a t-shirt. buy it. 
brooke |
9/28/2003 09:35:00 pm
 | 
permalink


friday, september 19

different frequencies my nation article on radio stations that don't suck in the clear channel era is now available online via alternet.
brooke |
9/19/2003 06:20:00 pm
 | 
permalink


thursday, september 18

the well-protected iraq oil ministry in an endless sea of total destruction 
brooke |
9/18/2003 09:15:00 pm
 | 
permalink


tuesday, september 16

federal lawsuit filed today in death of transgender entertainer a press release forwarded to me by lee carpenter, lawyer in this case and guest blogger here at the 'shack:  (philadelphia, pa) -   the center for lesbian and gay civil rights and the law firm of kairys, rudovsky, epstein & messing filed a lawsuit today in united states district court in connection with the december 2002 death of nizah morris, a popular philadelphia entertainer and member of the transgender and african-american communities. on the evening of december 21, nizah morris attended a christmas party at the key west bar and grille at juniper and chancellor streets in center city.  after ms. morris became too intoxicated to make her own way home, concerned citizens called 911 to obtain medical assistance for her.  an ambulance was on route when philadelphia police officer elizabeth skala arrived on the scene.  officer skala called off the ambulance and drove ms. morris to the vicinity of the 1500 block of walnut streets where, minutes later, ms. morris was fatally wounded by a blow to the head.  ms. morris was eventually transported to jefferson hospital, where she died on christmas eve. today's lawsuit was filed on behalf of roslyn wilkins, nizah morris' mother and the administrator of the estate.  the suit alleges that ms. morris' death was caused by: • the actions of police officer(s) which placed her in danger of death or serious injury by cancelling needed medical attention and leaving her alone in an area when she was incapable of caring for herself;•  the failure of paramedics to provide needed medical care and attention and the conduct of paramedics which delayed the administration of medical care and attention;• the city's failure to properly train, supervise and discipline its employees;• the practice and custom of philadelphia police officers to transport intoxicated persons to locations other than medical facilities;• the disparate and unequal treatment of transgender citizens by city employees; and• the agents and employees of key west bar and grille who, knowing that ms. morris was visibly intoxicated, continued to serve her alcoholic beverages.  paul messing, lead counsel in the case and a partner at the law firm of kairys, rudovsky, epstein and messing, said: "this lawsuit raises compelling issues about procedures used by city police and paramedics that may violate citizens' constitutional rights.  the complaint alleges conduct by city employees that increased the danger to ms. morris and ultimately led to her death.  separately, the bar placed ms. morris in danger by continuing to serve her once she was intoxicated. as a result of the conduct of all defendants, and their willful disregard of ms. morris' safety, the complaint alleges that all of the defendants are responsible for her death." lee carpenter, staff attorney at the center for lesbian and gay civil rights and co-counsel in this litigation, said, "although the damages suffered by ms. morris' family are staggering, this case is not about money.  it is about using every means at our disposal to finally obtain answers to questions about how and why nizah died."  added stacey sobel, the center's executive director, "we hope that this suit results in accountability for those who are responsible for nizah's death, and a small measure of justice for the transgender community.  our community is tired of seeing transgender people treated as second-class citizens." persons having information regarding the death of nizah morris are encouraged to contact the center for lesbian and gay civil rights, at (215) 731-1447, ext. 15, or kairys, rudovsky, epstein & messing, at (215) 925-4400.
brooke |
9/16/2003 11:21:00 am
 | 
permalink



the gospel according to johnny cash 
brooke |
9/16/2003 10:51:00 am
 | 
permalink


friday, september 12

brookeforgovernor.com somebody should have told me!
brooke |
9/12/2003 09:21:00 pm
 | 
permalink



r.i.p. johnny cash  goddamn.
brooke |
9/12/2003 12:36:00 pm
 | 
permalink


thursday, september 11

there is a god dave barry printed the american teleservices associaton's toll-free number, and all the unwanted calls made them cranky. divine.
brooke |
9/11/2003 05:52:00 pm
 | 
permalink



globalizing antipathy [t]he age-old tradeoff between security and liberty increasingly involves a third variable: antipathy. the less hatred there is in the world, the more security we can have without sacrificing personal freedom. assuming we like our liberty, we have little choice but to take an earnest interest in the situation of distant and seemingly strange people, working to elevate their welfare, exploring their discontent as a step toward expanding their moral horizons — and in the process expanding ours. global governance without global moral progress could be very unpleasant.  tell it.
brooke |
9/11/2003 12:48:00 pm
 | 
permalink














my new book






brave hearts, rebel spirits:
		  a spiritual activist's handbook
		  written by brooke shelby biggswith anita roddick

		  



"there's a sleep that can come with freedom ... a drowsy numbness.  music was the alarm clock that woke me out of my slumber as a teenager. it's brave hearts and rebel spirits that keep me awake." - bono
"eloquent and elegant ... a thesaurus for our dark time." - daniel berrigan, s.j.
"a magnificent book." - father john dear
"it's enough to make the angels sing." - rev. mel white
"an important book  for all who work for peace and justice -- and all who care for our planet." - father roy bourgeois
buy it at amazon or powell's








destinations






anitaroddick.com
cursor.org
sisyphus shrugged
stand down
fanatical apathy
pacific views
one pot meal
rittenhouse review
alas, a blog
ruminate this
tom tomorrow
body and soul
elayne riggs
unknown news
empty bottle
american samizdat
follow me here
randomwalks
wood s lot
talk left
calpundit
free pie
counterspin
liberal arts mafia
mediawhoresonline
rebecca's pocket
blather
talking points memo
also not found in nature
spinsanity
thoughts on the eve of the apocalypse
nonsense verse
full bleed
annatopia
jillennium








friends & relations






indigo girls
daemon records
dar williams
33ram.org
strumpet
tina & the b-sides
heather combs
otivo
sitesleuth
moya
jon carroll
friction magazine
emptyage
shannon campbell








permutations








		  that's me. i live here. i work for her. i used to do this for them.  now i 			  sometimes freelance for them and them and them and occasionally them and several others. i used to be a research fellow here, and before that i was here, and before that i loved my job here. here's my cv which is on my old site. i could go on, but i won't.email: brookish [at] earthlink [dot] net.
  		  







recommendations






the morning news
arts & letters daily
the independent
alternet
indymedia
guardian (uk)
truthout
motherjones.com
index on censorship
bark magazine
adbusters
colors magazine
holecity
in these times
the nation
center for public integrity
george monbiot
corpwatch
ruckus society
despair.com (bitter!)
consortium
the gully
yellow times
tom paine
stay free!
killing the buddha
poppolitics
philosophers journal
high country news
the ecologist
sierra
amicus journal
brillo
venus











elocution















recollections















revolution






| previous | next | random || list sites |this site is a reliable 		                  alternatives net ring member. 






















