













helping hand group | fundraising auction items, silent auctions, and electronic auctions






















































 






 









skip to content











     



auction help
auction items
auction formats  

live auction ideas
silent auction fundraiser
silent auction ideas


charity  

ideas for charity fundraising
fundraising for non profit


silent auctions  

silent auction sydney
silent auction brisbane
silent auction melbourne
silent auction perth


charity auctions  

charity auctions sydney
charity auctions perth
charity auctions melbourne
charity auctions brisbane


blog
events  

fundraising event ideas


charity fundraising ideas  

fundraising ideas for sports club
charity fundraising ideas brisbane
charity fundraising ideas melbourne
charity fundraising ideas perth
charity fundraising ideas sydney


resources  

raise money with these effective fundraising ideas
how to run a charity auction
how to run an online auction


voucher activation
our team




search for:


  search


















do you need help
with your next fundraising event?
we can lend a helping hand.
sign up for auction charity event





over 25 years of fundraising event
experiencewe’re ready to boost your fundraising goals.
sign up for auction charity event
 





we provide full event
support to make planning easier for you – before, during, and
after your event!
sign up for auction charity event





a long list of auction items available
signed memorabilia, experiences, and holiday packages.
sign up for auction charity event





we are experts in live and silent auctions for fundraisers.
our team has helped our clients raise over $120 million for leading charities,
community groups, schools, and sporting clubs since 1997. we help fundraising events with a long list of auction items and full event assistance with our electronic silent auction system, ballot bidding® programme, and expert fundraising event staff to help you raise more money for your special cause.
best of all, our services come at no cost to our clients! we provide auction items on a consignment-type basis and that means no cost to your event budget. our friendly event staff will set up item displays at your event, manage the auctions, and take care of payments, removal, and shipping. that’s how we lend a helping hand.



 view our featured auction items




your browser does not support the video tag.

check out our team at a recent event with our auction item displays, ballot bidding®  program, and live auction support!





are you looking for fundraising ideas on a budget?
do you need help planning a fundraising event? we can help! when we
assist your fundraising event, you pay nothing up front. in fact, you pay
nothing at all. we will consult with you on the best way to maximise funds
raised during your auction, and then we assist your fundraiser from
start to finish. we provide auction items on a consignment-type
basis and take care of setting up, running the auction, and taking down
the displays at the end of the event.
how can we provide auction items and service without a cost?
we cover our costs through the sale of the auction items that we provide
to you, meaning that the onus is on us to create an exciting and engaging
auction where guests want to bid and win. you raise more money when
our items sell and we strive to attract the highest bids to maximise the
amount that you raise. staging great auctions at fundraising events at no
cost to you is our specialty!



learn more



fundraising auction formats to help your next fundraiser













ballot bidding® 
the classic paper-and-pen silent auction format. we design and print ballot bidding® forms for you that include your event’s items as well as auction items that you choose from our auction item list. guests are given one chance to lodge their maximum bid against the items that interest them and multiples can sometimes be sold! it is a great format to push your guests to their maximum bid then keep them engaged with your event.


see more
 













electronic silent auctions 
utilising the newest auction software technology, electronic silent auctions allow your fundraising event guests to engage instantly and directly through their own mobile device. the electronic auction system can interact with your event’s big screens, display the highest bidders, and allows you to communicate with your guests directly at their seats. our team can also provide devices for your event, should they be required.


see more
 













live auctions 
we have a network of highly skilled
auctioneers throughout australasia that
specialise in fundraising auctions.
they have the technique and charisma
to raise as much money as possible for you!


see more
 





we provide full event support
we have an experienced and professional event support team to help make your event run as smoothly as possible. this means we work with you before, during, and after your event!










pre-event
planning










live event
support










post-event
review





we are constantly looking for new, unique, and exciting auction items to wow your guests.








experiences
read more
.







memorabilia
read more
.








holidays
read more
.








the best fundraising auctioneers
throughout australasia
we have a network of highly skilled charity auctioneers throughout australia, new zealand, singapore, and hong kong that specialise in fundraising auctions. they have the technique and charisma to raise as much money as possible for you!

.







another amazing way to raise money for a cause is through fundraising auctions. they can be in different forms and can be incorporated into other fundraising events, easily. these days, several charities are now using online charity auctions to raise funds, together with traditional style auctions. 
before everything else, decide first what it is you need to auction. typically, these are second-hand goods that are donated by sponsors. there are also some companies who donate new items to fundraising auctions as a way to show their support or a part of their marketing strategy.  
here at helping hand group, when our team supplies auction items to your auction list, we provide one of our live fundraising auctioneers with zero cost to your event budget. our team of amazing people will work with you to assure the auction items’ value, type, and theme are properly suited for your guests. 
doing so ensures the highest level of success possible. whenever our auction items sell during your event, our team covers the service costs. to sum it all up, our team strives for the best result possible at your live auction. we tailor distinct fundraising tactics as well as identify your goals to help you reach success. 
our team is highly effective at executing live programs, engaging donors, keeping the energy in the room, and maintaining momentum through proper sequencing, good program timing, and appealing content. 
helping hand group maximizes your fundraising efforts while simplifying every bit of the process to make planning events hassle-free and less tedious. we make sure to evaluate previous ideas that didn’t work to make room for more improvement. your auctioneer will assist you on these things to ensure your event is on time, runs smoothly, and is successful! 
helping hand group maintains a network of fundraising auctioneers that can be made available to perform their services for your live fundraising auction.





we are international!
we have lent a helping hand in 17 countries around the world and have affiliate
offices in australia, new zealand, hong kong, and singapore
   





recent clients






































 













auction servicesballot bidding®
electronic silent auctions
live auctions
fundraising auction help
 

say helloour team
contact us
privacy policy
terms and conditions
 

auction itemsfundraising auction items
voucher activation
fundraising ideas & info
 


subscribe to our monthly newsletter

our monthly newsletter will keep you up to date on our
		newest and limited-time auction items, fundraising ideas, 
		and tips for your next event.






© copyright 2017 helping hand. all rights reserved.
























































































































































































email us
call us







