

































































lincoln journal star | breaking news | | read lincoln, ne and nebraska breaking news. get latest news, events and information on nebraska sports, weather, entertainment and lifestyles.




















skip to main contentskip to main content










        we are currently undergoing maintenance on some services, which may temporarily affect access to subscription accounts and the e-edition. we apologize for any inconvenience and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issues.
    

















10°











 log in
                                    
subscribe






guest


logout

read today's e-edition





























news


local



crime



nebraska news



politics



records



business



nation & world



last 24 hours



news tip




obituaries


share a story



recent obituaries



find an obituary



archives




opinion


submit a letter



letters



editorial



columnists




sports


huskers



high school



college



stars hockey



saltdogs baseball



outdoors



professional




lifestyles


arts & theatre



event calendar



movies & tv



music



puzzles



comics



contests



play



food & cooking



parenting



health



get healthy



home & garden



people



pets



faith



announcements




community


neighborhood extra



l magazine




join the community


news tip



share video



send a story



share a photo



brand ave. studios




print edition


e-edition



e-edition archives




buy & sell


place an ad



jobs



auto sales



marketplace



public notices



shop local




shopping


curated commerce




customer service


manage subscription



activate digital subscription



newsletter sign-up



subscribe



contact us



help center



gift subscriptions


mobile apps


weather: live radar






facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram








© 2025 lee enterprises
terms of service | privacy policy






















































































subscribe
read today's e-edition




























                                        subscribe
                                    




























                                                    log in
                                                








welcome, guest

my account
 dashboard
 profile
 saved items

 logout







e-edition

news

obituaries

opinion

huskers

puzzles

lifestyles

public notices

jobs

autos









10°
mostly cloudy
























        
        
            fred hoiberg cuts hand during halftime 'incident with a whiteboard'

after nebraska’s comeback win, fred hoiberg said the injury came in a halftime "incident with a whiteboard."

















        
        
            nebraska men's basketball flips switch in second half for crucial comeback win at northwestern

for 25 minutes, a zombified version of nebraska sleepwalked through its game at northwestern. a different version of the huskers closed the game to pick up a crucial road win.

















        
        
            lincoln police arrest man for attempted 2nd degree assault on an officer

the lincoln police department arrested a 33-year-old man on sunday following an attempted assault with knives.

















        
        
            3 takes from nebraska men's basketball's comeback win over northwestern

check out three takeaways after nebraska men's basketball's comeback win over northwestern.  

















        
        
            lincoln police arrest man in connection to sunday homicide, other crimes

the lincoln police department arrested a suspect connected to a homicide that happened in southwest lincoln where they found a 34-year-old lincoln man with a gunshot wound in the chest.

















        
        
            snow, 'dangerously cold' temperatures expected this week.

an updated winter weather advisory form the national weather service features 'dangerously cold' temps and the possibility of more snow — in effect from midnight to 6 p.m. monday.

















        
        
            talking michigan rattlers and rock ’n’ roll ahead of omaha show

michigan rattlers is embarking on their “waving from a sea” tour that will see them return to omaha’s slowdown next tuesday.










            curated commerce
        
6 cbd oils to try for relaxation





                
                the latest


















        
        
            mckee: tracing the history of furnas county

smaller and less famous, two oxfords and and two cambridges won't be mistaken for their british namesakes.




















        
        
            update: extreme cold watch issued for nebraska from tuesday to thursday

the national weather service issued an updated extreme cold watch at 2:04 p.m. on sunday valid from tuesday midnight until thursday noon. the watch is for columbus area, fremont area, omaha area, lincoln area and beatrice area as well as knox, cedar, thurston, antelope, pierce, wayne, boone,…





















        
        
            southeast nebraska neighbors: obituaries for february 16

read through the obituaries published today in the lincoln journal star. 




















        
        
            beef tallow, a uniquely nebraska product, has a moment in a viral beauty trend

a number of nebraska makers are producing moisturizers, soaps and other skin care products with tallow. dermatologists, however, have some concerns. 












                
                interact with us


















        
        
            find your new ride



















        
        
            download our mobile app for a customized experience!

download it today! 




















        
        
            get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. sign up for breaking news:

get it delivered to your inbox! 




















        
        
            explore local history with our digital newspaper archives!

visit our online archives for thousands of historical articles, obituaries and announcements. 





















                
                latest video




















        
        
            nebraska's fred hoiberg after win vs. northwestern




















        
        
            germany's scholz rebukes vance, defends europe's stance on hate speech and far right




















        
        
            half-court press part 1: creighton and...russia? nebraska's streak cooled by maryland




















        
        
            vance berates european allies over free speech at munich security summit












                
                sports
                
                    


















        
        
            nebraska baseball blanks san diego state behind strong will walsh start

will walsh delivered a strong start and nebraska's bullpen finished off san diego state in the huskers' first shutout win of the year. 




















        
        
            britt prince exits with injury as markowski-led rally falls short at illinois

alexis markowski led a late nebraska rally, but it wasn’t enough to overcome the illini — especially without britt prince, who left in the fourth quarter.




















        
        
            district wrestling glance: lincoln east boys win district title, send 13 to state

check out the highlights from district wrestling meets around the state on saturday.




















        
        
            prep glance: highlights from saturday's high school sports action

check out the highlights from saturday's high school sports action.













                
                listen now podcasts




















        
        
            tariffs rattle small businesses, an atmospheric river and religion news | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            drone damages chernobyl nuclear plant; egg prices hit record high | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            hamas to release 3 israeli hostages; musk talks deleting agencies | hot off the wire

🎧 get a recap of recent financial, health and general interest stories through this special edition of our hot off the wire daily news podcast.





















        
        
            how can you reclaim focus in a digital world? | the ethical life podcast

🎧 explore ways to sharpen your attention, stay present and build better habits for a more mindful, productive life.














                
                life & entertainment
                
                    


















        
        
            5 great meatless recipes to work into your rotation — plus some eggless breakfast options

if you're trying to work more vegetables into your meals, here are five great recipes to try (plus some high-protein breakfast options that don't use eggs).




















        
        
            now streaming and on dvd: 'nosferatu' has new reasons to jump

taking f.w. murnau’s film and twisting it ever-so-slightly, eggers finds his groove in a highly gothic world. 




















        
        
            winter sowing in upcycled containers creates stronger seedlings in spring

many people start seeds indoors in late winter to have seedlings ready to plant in spring. but what about starting them outdoors, despite the cold?

















                
                local events
                
            









 your browser settings are preventing events from loading. more info






×
 update settings to continue…


please try the following steps to enable.


open firefox settings → privacy & security → website privacy preferences
make sure "tell websites not to sell or share my data" is not checked.
make sure "send websites a do not track request" is not checked.




open chrome settings → privacy & security → third-party cookies
under advanced, make sure "do not track " is disabled.




open edge settings → privacy, search, and services
under privacy, make sure "send do not track" requests is not enabled
open cookies and site permissions → manage and delete cookies and site data
make sure "block third-party cookies" is not enabled




open your browser settings and make sure "do not track " is disabled.




                                open your cookie preferences.
make sure "targeted advertising" is toggled on.make sure "do not sell or share my personal information" is toggled off.click save











                
                partner
                
            









sponsored








        
        
            powerhouse partnership: big auto injury attorneys, the popok firm and ‘legal af’ podcast by meidastouch network unite for justice

content by big auto injury attorneys. learn more about meidastouch network’s “legal af” podcast's new partnership with big auto injury attorneys and the popok law firm.












contributor








        
        
            top reasons to hire a lawyer for your pedestrian accident claim

contributor content. if you’ve been involved in a pedestrian accident, hiring a lawyer can make all the difference. learn the top reasons why legal help is crucial for your claim.












sponsored








        
        
            flavorful versatility, budget-friendly? surprise! it’s ground pork!

content by the power of pork. whether dinner tonight is spaghetti, tacos, burgers or even egg rolls (see recipe), ground pork can truly save the day — and your grocery bill!












contributor








        
        
            how smart eyewear is changing the everyday eyeglass experience

contributor content. learn about the benefits of smart glasses and how they're changing the eyewear experience.  
















                
                curated commerce
                
                    


















        
        
            6 cbd oils to try for relaxation

affiliate content. find the right cbd oils to fit your wellness routine. 




















        
        
            best greens powders for 2025: a nutritionist’s top 5

affiliate. we asked a nutritionist to share their top 5 greens powder picks to boost your daily nutrient intake and support overall health.




















        
        
            auto insurance rates set to rise in 2025: how to save on premiums

affiliate content. learn practical ways to reduce your auto insurance premiums in 2025. 




















        
        
            ozempic vs. semaglutide: 10 weight loss medications compared for 2025

affiliate. compare 10 weight loss medications to find the right one for you. 





























                
                local businesses
                
                    



















        
        
            paid for by friends of barger for legislature



                                        3510 r street, lincoln, ne 68503
                                    






















        
        
            skyco distribution



                                        3841 sky park rd, grand island, ne 68801
                                    






















        
        
            nebraska state education association



                                        605 s 14th st ste 200, lincoln, ne 68508
                                    



 website
















                
                print ads
                
            






















electronics





        
        
            time shoppe - ad from 2025-02-12
























health





        
        
            nebraska hearing center - ad from 2025-02-12
























office





        
        
            the fish agency, inc - ad from 2025-02-14
























medical





        
        
            advanced radiology - ad from 2025-02-12
























medical





        
        
            tabitha health care services - ad from 2025-02-16
























service





        
        
            blue earth marketing - ad from 2025-02-16





























×
















facebook





twitter





youtube





instagram









sites & partners


the columbus telegram

the fremont tribune

the beatrice daily sun

place an ad

event calendar

online features

work here

inspire lincoln

get healthy




services


subscriber services

advertise with us

e-edition

rss

newsletters

contact us

become a carrier

services

licensing

shopping






                        © copyright 2025
                        the lincoln journal star, po box 81609 lincoln, ne 68501
                    

terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
advertising terms of use
|
do not sell my info
|
cookie preferences




                        powered by blox content management system from bloxdigital.com.
                    












notifications
settings






you don't have any notifications.



get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.

topics

news alerts

subscribe






breaking news

subscribe






husker news

subscribe

























