 











home  

































esp | en | 中文






home

product

company

careers

ceramics

contact

download

blog















dual sense
electronic system for kitchen faucets including sensor technology. the faucet will open and close with a simple touch and the user will be able to set desired temperature and flow thanks to the handle.
  discover more >







sedal blog
visit our blog and be the first to know our news in cartridges and electronic mixing water systems, just as corporate events and latest innovations in sanitary industry.
  blog.sedal.com >







i·red core, complete infrared system
i-red core is a complete infrared system in a single body that combines a mixing valve, ir sensor, high grade solenoid on-off valve, battery pack (optional ac adaptor) and a plastic or brass body that acts as the main structural component.    discover more >







upper sealing range
upper sealed cartridges allow the manufacturer to work with different faucet configurations, including those in which the spout is located on the upper side. some of these cartridges also provide extra productivity thanks to their design and innovative solutions and materials.
  discover more







top range, the best in class
top is a cartridge product range created to be the best in class, outstanding its competitors in all fields and offering the manufacturer a perfectly balanced cartridge with an extraordinary endurance: 3x standard life cycling tests. it is also available with trn technology for water and energy saving.


  discover more






sedal connect
sedal group is pleased to announce the integration as of today of zeyron technologies. our main aim is to combine the strengths of both companies in order to launch the best oem electronic systems.

 
discover more
 







 








 the road to excellence
at sedal we know how challenging is to keep customers permanently satisfied. in fact, this is the motivation that leads us to work towards a single goal that is present through the entire organization: excellence.

learn more >






 









electronic mixing valves
electronic product range that includes electronic mixing valves, membrane technology touchpads and capacitive and infrared systems for faucets. 

go to electronic mixing valves >







cartridges for single lever mixers
a wide selection of cartridges for basin, shower, bath and kitchen applications ranging from 25mm to 47mm.

go to cartridges >







thermostatic cartridges
increase the comfort to users with our range of thermostatic valves in 2 diameters and sizes.

go to thermostatics >







shower diverters
pick from different configurations from 2 to 4 outlets, diameters, shafts and functions.

go to diverters >







headworks
browse among material, rotation angles, technologies, endurance and size options of our range of double lever faucets headworks.

go to headworks >







flexible hoses
high quality stainless steel flexible hoses for a wide variety of applications, manufactured with safety as first priority.

go to hoses >







timing headworks
adjustable and fixed timing devices for public applications. rugged design along with a careful materials selection make this valve a tough component.

go to timing headworks >






 








sedalox 96® rtp 
sedal ceramics is the technical ceramics division of sedal group. our fully integrated manufacturing process starting from raw material. sedal ceramics has developed sedalox® , our own alumina composition, which offers outstanding performance to every single product we manufacture thanks to the nano shelter technology












one solution to each challenge
sedal ceramics has continuously invested in manufacturing capabilities to be able to offer solutions in a challenging and changing business environment, even developing new exclusive technologies, like nano shelter technology.






 


 
job board
sedal is in a unique moment.
the history of the company and its enormous potential, make that people, as you can be decisive in the model of the company we are creating.


view job board

listado de noticias






 


 



for any information please contact us

 
      
 


in accordance with the european privacy regulation 679/2016 we inform you that the data will become part of a file responsibility of sedal, s.l.u.. quimica in order to manage your query and / or relationship. your data will be preserved while the relationship is managed. the user has the right of access, limitation, portability, claim to the spanish data protection authority, deletion or forgetting, rectification, cancellation and opposition to the processing of data through the e-mail moc.lades@lades or at the registered office located in sedal, s.l.u.. quimica, 2 08740 sant andreu de la barca (barcelona). we will respond to any request.
 

i accept the privacy policy.



in any case, if you have any questions, you can contact us directly in writing at sedal en c/ de la química, 2-12 (pol. ind. can sunyer) 08740 sant andreu de la barca (barcelona) • spain or at moc.lades@lades and we will answer you or clarify any questions that you may have in this regard. we would also like to remind you that if you do not agree with the manner in which we will handle your personal data, you may revoke your consent at any time by contacting us at c/ de la química, 2-12 (pol. ind. can sunyer) 08740 sant andreu de la barca (barcelona) • spain or at  moc.lades@lades



c/ de la química 2 - 12 | 08740 sant andreu de la barca | barcelona - spain | phone: +34 936803300 | fax 936803303 | e-mail: ‮ moc.lades@laicremmoc
legal advice | privacy policy |  cookies policy |  purchase policy | terms and conditions | quality policy | environmental policy | internal information system | security policy 






 



ok
this website uses _ga/_utm cookies that are owned by google analytics, which last for 2 years, to habilitate the function of controlling single visits for the purpose of facilitating your browsing of the website. if you continue to browse, we consider that you agree to their use. you may revoke your consent and obtain more information by consulting our cookie policy. 
more information





