




 myaccess!





































 system maintenance feb 10, 2024.
my access! will be intermittently unavailable for routine maintenance on february 10 from 5:00 pm to 7:00 pm et. we apologize for any inconvenience.  












 








why my access?
writing process
assessment
instruction


 menu

why my access?
writing process
assessment
instruction












contact us 














login
























accelerate student achievement through writing 


















						"students need to write more than 
a teacher can read."					


carol jagocalifornia reading & literature 






						"the quickest way to drive student achievement across all curriculum areas is through writing ."					


robert j. marzano, phdchief academic officer, marzano resources 






						"immediate intellimetric® scoring and my tutor® feedback facilitate revision and drive growth for student writers."					


eugene bellamy, jr., m.ed.academic officer for grades 3-8 marion county school district 





 previous


 next










find out how my access! can help!











 
























play video











why my access!®? 




my access!® develops millions of proficient writers through two patented assessment and instructional technologies: ai automated essay scoring engine intellimetric® provides immediate and accurate scoring, and revision feedback engine my tutor® provides adaptive, scaffolded revision directives to student writers.
accelerates writing growth in all content areas through formative assessment, actionable data, and application of adaptive, prescriptive feedback for all genres of writing
can increase student rubric scores a full point in just three months.
ignites student enthusiasm and builds confidence, agency, and growth mindset around revision
promotes metacognition through scaffolding and adaptive feedback
reduces teacher workload – more writing, less grading
empowers (not replaces) teachers to focus on differentiated instruction and intervention instead of grading multiple drafts
 
















student immersion in the writing process 









prewriting
            


revising
            


editing
            

 











why prewriting matters 



outlining gives the essay greater focus and improved organization. load the outline in the writing space and submit to receive initial scores and feedback. take a look at the video to see it in action! 






next: revising
















play video















why revising makes a difference 



follow my tutor feedback directions for one skill at a time, starting with content and development.  submit to see improved scores in the portfolio.  take a look at the video to see it in action! 






next: editing
















play video















why editing matters 



use my editor to correct mechanics and conventions.  just click on the error and select the correction that will be auto-inserted in the essay. take a look at the video to see it in action! 






start the process over
















play video
























the  difference 



the  difference 










monitor writing growth with writevue




summative assessment/test preparation – create custom state or national assessment prompts or choose from our library of 2000+ prompts to assign to each grade level several times a year
immediate holistic and trait scores for all writing genres aligned with state and national assessments
progress monitoring writing performance at scale provides actionable data




learn more about our progress monitoring platform writevue







accelerate writing growth in months, not years

accelerates writing growth in all content areas through formative assessment, actionable data and application of adaptive, prescriptive feedback for all genres of writing​can increase student rubric scores a full point in just three monthsignites student enthusiasm and builds confidence, agency, and growth mindset around revisionpromotes metacognition through scaffolding and adaptive feedbackreduces teacher workload – more writing, less grading​empowers (not replaces) teachers to focus on differentiated instruction and intervention instead of grading multiple drafts







professional learning connections


year long customized & personalized professional learning
engaging & growth-oriented – creating more effective writing instructors
building capacity through a continuum of learning
flexible scheduling to accommodate teacher and leadership availability











 



 



 























tools teachers love! 
















interactive writing tools 







progress monitoring 







instructional writing resources 







ell grammar feedback 







longitudinal writing portfolio 







real-time writing statistics 















a suite of interactive prewriting and editing tools including rubrics, writing models, graphic organizers, and word bank. 



 











grade and genre-specific benchmark writing assessments for progress monitoring. 



 











a library of cross-curricular writing tasks aligned to state, national, and college readiness standards 



 











multi-lingual grammar feedback for english language learners. 



 











a longitudinal portfolio of all student writing, scores and feedback.​ 



 











real-time analysis of writing to inform instruction and monitor student growth. 



 



















what educators say about my access!® 













“more than 350 research studies conducted both in-house and by third-party experts have determined that intellimetric® has levels of consistency, accuracy and reliability that meet, and more often exceed, those of human expert scorers.”jason crabbesecondary language arts curriculum specialist  santa ana unified school district 








“i want to thank myaccess for the amazing interactive writing program that is closely aligned to state standards, state standardized testing, and teacher embedded curriculum to offer the best individualized writing coach program for our students. the student growth and state test results show on its own the value of this amazing program.”kathy romerosced#28  little red school superintendent/principal 












“i can tell you that in the 2016-2017 school year, highland had a 68 percent pass rate in middle school and 62 percent pass rate in high school. during the 2018-2019 school year we scored a 93 percent middle school and a 92 percent in high school. this is significant improvement for our district writing, and we attribute the improvement to using the myaccess program. “gary lanetechnology director/director of testing and assessment  highland county public schools 








“plc is the most amazing team with which to work! they were invaluable during the process of creating a year long summative and formative assessment plan.”shoni johnsoncurriculum & assessment director connecting waters charter schools 












“in 39 years of teaching, i have never observed students become so excited about revision and editing as i did once we started using my access!.  prior, the revision process was either painful or nonexistent.  once my students and i started using my access!, students enjoyed analyzing and revising …strengthened their writing and increased their scores!”ml meyered.d.  retired administrator 








“plc conducts workshops on various levels to support teachers and administrators who are new to the program as well as those who have been using it for years. we have never worked with a team that communicates better with central office administration about the progress each school has made while providing specific data on teacher usage and student/class improvement.”toan dang-nguyendistrict learning specialist  akron city schools 

















						"more than 350 research studies conducted both in-house and by third-party experts have determined that intellimetric® has levels of consistency, accuracy and reliability that meet, and more often exceed, those of human expert scorers."					


jason crabbesecondary language arts curriculum specialist  santa ana unified school district 






						"i can tell you that in the 2016-2017 school year, highland had a 68 percent pass rate in middle school and 62 percent pass rate in high school. during the 2018-2019 school year we scored a 93 percent middle school and a 92 percent in high school. this is significant improvement for our district writing, and we attribute the improvement to using the myaccess program. "					


gary lanetechnology director/director of testing and assessment  highland county public schools 






						"in 39 years of teaching, i have never observed students become so excited about revision and editing as i did once we started using my access!.  prior, the revision process was either painful or nonexistent.  once my students and i started using my access!, students enjoyed analyzing and revising …strengthened their writing and increased their scores!"					


ml meyered.d.  retired administrator 






						"i want to thank myaccess for the amazing interactive writing program that is closely aligned to state standards, state standardized testing, and teacher embedded curriculum to offer the best individualized writing coach program for our students. the student growth and state test results show on its own the value of this amazing program."					


kathy romerosced#28  little red school superintendent/principal 






						"plc is the most amazing team with which to work! they were invaluable during the process of creating a year long summative and formative assessment plan."					


shoni johnsoncurriculum & assessment director connecting waters charter schools 






						
"plc conducts workshops on various levels to support teachers and administrators who are new to the program as well as those who have been using it for years. we have never worked with a team that communicates better with central office administration about the progress each school has made while providing specific data on teacher usage and student/class improvement."					


toan dang-nguyendistrict learning specialist  akron city schools 





 previous


 next
















trusted by leaders in education 







mcgraw-hill and cengage license intellimetric® for accurate and detailed assessment of writing in multiple higher education academic disciplines. 







in 2020, the bill and melinda gates foundation awarded my access!® a research grant to study the impact of intellimetric® scoring and my tutor® adaptive revision feedback on the advancement of middle and high school student argumentative writing skills. 







our industry-leading a.i. scoring service (intellimetric®) is entrusted to score the gmat writing assessment for more than a decade. 






view gmac study















vantage learning holds more than forty linguistic technology patents touching more than two billion users. these applications include the microsoft word grammar engine and the intelliwriter® text functions for the apple iphone. 







my access! efficacy is supported by multiple authoritative research studies. 






view my access! efficacy study























contact us 



john burke, chief sales and marketing officer, vantage learning usaoffice phone: 267.756.1126 | mobile phone: 917.742.9122  | email: jburke@email.vantage.com  need technical support? visit our support form  






				or				









name*


first



last

email*

phonecomments or questionscaptchacommentsthis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
 









 
















my access! partners 





 


previous



next


















 



							© 2024 myaccess!®
us patent no. 8,608,477						











legal 



privacy policy
end-user subscription agreement (eusa)


 menu

privacy policy
end-user subscription agreement (eusa)

















 



unparalleled insight and actionable data for administrators 



writevue empowers leadership to monitor writing performance and student growth at both the “macro” and “micro” level: benchmark assessmentslongitudinal portfolio of student writing performanceindividual teacher and student datawritevue provides critical data and actionable insight to inform district-level action plans. 








play video























































