



~ wrongfully convicted ~ causes & consequences



















 


    
	~ wrongfully convicted ~ causes & consequences
	
  

~~~~ironically, falsely solved cases also hurt the victim who is falsely avenged, protected, or even created
have you been touched by bad justice?~click here to post your case  and read other cases and comments...!





september 21, 2005




	 twelve years in jail for murder that may not have happened 'hell,' man says
	 



colin perkel wed sep 21, 5:43 pm ettoronto (cp) - a man who spent more than a third of his life in prison for a rape and murder that may have never taken place stepped into the sunshine wednesday, freed on bail from a 12-year "hell" while ottawa decides whether he fell victim to another canadian miscarriage of justice. william mullins-johnson fought back tears as he emerged from a toronto courthouse just minutes after an ontario superior court judge set him free on $125,000 bail pending the results of a federal review of his case."the last 12 years has been nothing but hell for me - and my family," mullins-johnson said, his voice catching.see "comments" to this post to read the entire article...



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 5:43 pm

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 3 comments posted... 






september 19, 2005




	 ~ milgaard wrongful conviction ~ commission of inquiry ~
	 



the longest imprisonment of a exonerated man...larry fisher, the real killer for whom milgaard served time,will be on global tv news on september 19th...more as it happens...the official inquiry is taking place right now...with over 200 witnesses:check out the official inquiry website at:link to the official site of the ongoing government inquiry into the wrongful conviction and prolonged imprisonment of innocent man, david milgaard...  http://www.milgaardinquiry.ca/ ~  milgaard was awarded some $10 million in restitution!  what do the family of the falsely avenged victim get in compensation?  how about the further victims of the real criminal?  this letter by david milgaard himself appearedin our vancouver province, in feb, 2005.(click on it to enlarge and read)



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 12:05 am

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 2 comments posted... 






september 18, 2005




	 roundup of canadian wrongful convictions...
	 



for up to date and thorough research on hundreds of stunningly cases of bad justice, please visit the comprehensive site injusticebusters, that was "created june, 1998 to make public a story which was under publication ban", and has been working tirelessly and fearlessly ever since to expose corruption beneath the facade...from their shockingly huge databse, just a sample:canadians who have been wrongfully convicted...a round-up of wrongful convictions in canadarobert baltovichrobert baltovich: toronto man convicted in 1992 of murdering girlfriend elizabeth bain even though her body was never found. after appeal hearing in september 2004, ontario court of appeal ordered new trial, citing unfair and unbalanced charge to jury during first trial. baltovich's lawyers argued that notorious serial killer paul bernardo is stronger suspect in bain's murder.michael burnssebastian burnsrodney cainwilbert coffin (hanged, 1953)jason dixjim driskelljames driskell: winnipeg man spent more than 12 years behind bars after being convicted in june 1991 of killing friend perry harder. was released on bail in november 2003 after new evidence showed key witnesses were paid for testimony and given immunity from prosecution for other crimes. convicted without confession, witness or murder weapon.jody drukenrandy drukenhugues duguaymichel dumontpeter frumusawalter gillespie and robert mailmanclayton johnsonyvonne johnsonherman kaglikdarren koehnkulaveeringsam"kulam" karthiresustephen leadbeaterdonald marshall  donald marshall: nova scotia man convicted in 1971 of murdering sandy seale. spent nearly 19 years in prison before being exonerated by royal commission report in 1990. compensated with lifetime pension of $1.5 million. returned to public eye in 1999, when legal challenge he launched produced landmark supreme court of canada ruling on native fishing rights.chris mcculloughmichael mctaggartfelix michauddavid milgaard  david milgaard: sixteen years old when convicted in 1969 murder of saskatoon nursing aide gail miller. spent 23 years in prison before being exonerated by dna evidence in 1997. dna evidence also helped catch miller's real killer, larry fisher, who was convicted in 1999. milgaard awarded $10 million in compensation.guy paul morin  guy paul morin: tried twice for 1984 killing of nine-year-old christine jessop in rural southwestern ontario. acquitted in 1986; convicted at retrial in 1992 and imprisoned. exonerated in 1995 on strength of dna evidence and awarded $1.2 million in compensation.shannon murrinjamie nelsongreg parsonsbenoit proulxatif rafaylouise reynoldsthomas sophonowgary staplesbilly taillefersteven truscott  steven truscott: fourteen years old in 1959 when sentenced to hang for murder of 12-year-old ontario schoolgirl lynne harper. sentence later commuted to life in prison; paroled in 1969. has lived in guelph, ont., since 1970. federal justice minister has asked ontario court of appeal to review case. joe warrenleon walchuk rodney cain: nova scotia man spent nearly two decades behind bars after being convicted in 1986 of murdering a man outside after-hours club in toronto. justice minister ordered conviction overturned in may 2004, citing new evidence that strongly suggested cain was acting in self-defence. currently free on bail while ontario court decides whether to order new trial or exonerate him. romeo phillion: granted bail in july 2003 after spending more than 30 years in prison for 1967 murder of ottawa firefighter leopold roy. phillion confessed to killing while in custody for robbery charge, but later claimed confession was ill-advised joke. case being reviewed by justice department. kyle unger: conviction in 1990 murder of 16-year-old manitoba girl brigitte grenier called into question in september after dna testing found that hair samples tendered at his trial didn't belong to him. currently serving life sentence in b.c.



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 10:19 am

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 1 comments posted... 






september 15, 2005




	 hair evidence in manitoba murder trials under scrutiny again
	 



cbc newswinnipeg - new dna tests have revealed that hair strands used to convict two manitoba men in separate murders didn't belong to them. in light of the new evidence, lawyers for kyle unger and robert sanderson will ask the federal justice department to reopen the cases.  kyle unger (file photo)  manitoba justice officials said they will support unger's request, but are still reviewing sanderson's case. james lockyer, who is with the association in defense of the wrongfully convicted, said they will apply to the court of queen's bench to have unger released while his request to have the case reopened is pending. he said manitoba justice has indicated it will "look favourably" on the bail application. see comments to read full article...



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 8:14 pm

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 2 comments posted... 






september 12, 2005




	 breaking news ~ misconduct of head pathologist ~ 1000 cases need review?!
	 



pathologist's work under review - innocent parents charged in deathstoronto star, sept. 12, 2005harold levy, staff reporter,dr. charles smith, a controversial pathologistinvolved in several prominent caseswhere innocent parents were chargedwith killing their children,has left the hospital for sick children,the star has learned.(see comments to this post for the rest of this article...)many innocent parents now being exonerated through the reviews of dr. smith's over zealous testimonies... it's not like he was incompetant - he was the head of pathology of toronto's sick children's hospital for years!!  dr. smith is not the only one... it was the overly exuberant false evidence of a 'senior' pathologist that led to the wrongful charging and conviction of darren koehn. to many 'experienced' pathologists, trained many decades ago, success means gaining convictions - not discovering the 'truth'... this is not csi. june, 2005 ~ chief coroner orders review of a decade of cases...~ two minute feature cbc video of "dr. smith's false autopsies leading to false convictions..."(the video is well worth the minute or two it will take to load up for quicktime, and it will open in a separate window, so you can keep reading here) audio introduction to above cbc newstory video clip: "as pediatric pathologists go, dr. charles smith was considered among the best, helping prosecute and jail alleged killers of children... but now ontario's chief coroner says 'he can't be sure smith was right', so today he reopened more than a decades' worth of smith's old cases..." the cbc news story print version about dr. smith is available at the cbc website...



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 11:43 am

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 5 comments posted... 






august 19, 2005




	 the internet thought police are coming...
	 



law lets police monitor internetcourt approval may not be needed for police to obtain informationtim naumetz, canwest news service, friday, august 19, 2005ottawa -- the federal cabinet will review new legislation this fall that would give police and security agencies vast powers to begin surveillance of the internet without court authority.the new measures would allow law-enforcement agents to intercept personal e-mails, text messages and possibly password- secure websites used for purchasing and financial transactions.a law professor and privacy expert involved in consultations over the bill said a draft version of the legislation circulated earlier this year did not require court authority for police to intercept communications or demand information from internet servers."i think it's the kind of legislation that is literally going to shock millions of canadians," said university of ottawa prof. michael geist.(continued in comments)



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 6:53 am

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 1 comments posted... 






july 19, 2005




	 accessing your federal files... privacy act
	 



~ privacy act ~  the privacy act gives canadian citizens and people present in canada the right to have access to information that is held about them by the federal government.  most information is available when you ask~ how to apply ~ 1 - look up the appropriate federal institution that has the files you want to see (for instance, correctional services canada):  http://www.infosource.gc.ca/fed/fed01_e.asp2 - look up the privacy coordinator of that institution:  http://www.tbs-sct.gc.ca/gos-sog/atip-aiprp/apps/coords/index_e.asp3 - obtain a personal information request form : www.tbs-sct.gc.ca/tbsf-fsct_e.htmlfill out the form and send it to the privacy coordinator  of the appropriate department or agency.   for instance, you can ask the csc coordinator for "all records in all information banks held within correctional services canada systems".  there is no charge to apply for information under the privacy act.   there is a 30 day time limit for them to respond.to change the informationif you believe the information that a federal institution has on file about you is untrue or misleading, you can ask to have it corrected.   even if the department or agency does not agree to change this information,  it must make a note that you have asked for the change and attach it to the file.  (check website for more info...)we have just applied for copies of all darren's prison files from ottawa, in order to dispute some incorrect information. i tried the telephone # listed on the site for the csc coordinator, and they called me back right away with generous detailed assistance in how to fill out the form most effectively... !



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 5:57 pm

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 1 comments posted... 






may 31, 2005




	 cot death 'murder' acquittals... from scotland
	 



more pathologists at the head of their fields that have been found guilty of malicious overprosecution...please visit this outstanding newsite for numerous shocking stories of medical misdiagnosis leading to miscarriages of justice for hundreds of grieving scottish parents...   (note, there are three pages of news articles there...)http://news.scotsman.com/topics.cfm?tid=892



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 11:28 pm

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 0 comments posted... 






may 19, 2005




	 the royal prerogative of mercy
	 



the royal prerogative of mercy originates in the ancient power vested in the british monarch who had the absolute right to exercise mercy on any subject.in canada, similar powers of executive clemency have been given to the governor general who, as the queen's representative, may exercise the royal prerogative of mercy.  it is largely an unfettered discretionary power to apply exceptional remedies, under exceptional circumstances, to deserving cases. the power to exercise the royal prerogative of mercy for federal offenses is vested in the governor general of canada by virtue of the letters patent, constituting that office. in practice, the governor general will grant an act of clemency only after receiving the advice of the solicitor general of canada, or that of at least one other minister. the governor general may grant two types of pardons, free pardons and conditional pardons, and may also grant respites from the execution of a sentence.in addition, sentences, as well as fines, penalties or forfeitures "due and payable to the queen in right of canada", may be remitted by the governor general. see comments to read more... 



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 6:28 pm

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 1 comments posted... 






may 05, 2005




	 another innocent man executed
	 



canadian coalition against the death penalty  http://www.ccadp.org/richardcartwright.htm thank you.to richard and his family - our thoughts and prayers are with you always... " i love you very much, and when i die, i will always watch over you and your mother, i promise you this. i love you forever - daddy". "they killed a good man, an excellent man," his mother... "thank you god for taking him away from all this. 



posted by ~free darren koehn~ at 11:20 pm

click here to enter and read comments to this post...there are 1 comments posted... 










 resources for surviving wrongful conviction
laws and government sites
legis.ca ~ canadian federal & provincial statutes
electronic law library
canadian law by subject
canadian bill of rights
criminal code of canada
correctional service of canada
national parole board
correctional investigator
canadian families and corrections network
applying for a criminal conviction review
federal working report on preventing miscarriages of justice, jan 25/2005
searching cells & vehicles - commissioner's directives
correcting a prison file - precedent
freedom of information ~ the privacy act
sophonow inquiry
the ongoing milgaard inquiry

innocence projects and justice sites
global projects and websites exposing injustice
canadian coalition against the death penalty
truth in justice
applications to tv series “justice on trial”
international innocent in prison
association in defense of the wrongfully convicted
innocence project northwest
centurion ministries - innocence project
injusticebusters.com - expose injustice!! a living scrapbook of injustices in progress, and the tools to set them right

 break time
prisontalk.com - discussion and chat forum
stupid videos



previous posts

twelve years in jail for murder that may not have ...
~ milgaard wrongful conviction ~ commission of inq...
roundup of canadian wrongful convictions...
hair evidence in manitoba murder trials under scru...
breaking news ~ misconduct of head pathologist ~ 1...
the internet thought police are coming...
accessing your federal files... privacy act
cot death 'murder' acquittals... from scotland
the royal prerogative of mercy
another innocent man executed

archives

01 july
13 october
24 february
02 march
13 april
05 may
19 may
31 may
19 july
19 august
12 september
15 september
18 september
19 september
21 september

syndicate this site:
~ site feed ~






















"i never said it would be easy, i only said it would be the truth... - morpheus

free hit counter
















 


it's
                  private


 









 













