








icode systems home - welcome to icode systems
































 


skip to content



homeaboutwho we areour teamfaqservicesit supportcloud servicescyber securitysoftware developmentprojectscontact us todaycontact us today
 





icode systems homeadmin2025-02-04t15:33:08+00:00 
best solutionslet’s work on your project together
making your it serve you, not the other way around.
making your it serve you, not the other way around.ensure your network is well-designed and built for the future. icode systems design your it systems with the flexibility to meet the needs of your business.
make your systems more efficientmake your systems more efficientmanaged it services
cloud services
software development
cyber security
your on-demand team of experts are ready to grow your businesswe can support all aspects of your it infrastructure, from networking and servers, through desktops and mobiles, to wireless and telephony. by seeing an overview of your entire system, we can ensure everything works together.

cloud servers

desktop systems

storage

networking

wifi

communications
it supportremote & on-siteicode is committed to providing customised solutions that meet the specific needs of each business. to achieve this, we offer a range of tools and services that we support and recommend to create a tailored package for our clients.
consultancya trusted partnercloud servicesclear not cloudysoftware developmentbespoke businesssecurity & it reviewsget the ultimate flexibilitybest solutionslet’s work on your project together
make your it serve your business, not the other way aroundwe have been helping businesses of all sizes across hamshire and south east get the best from their it for over 20 years. from small internet startups, through traditional small business, to multinational listed companies, we have the experience and knowledge to help.
get started todayget started todaythe right solution for your businesscollaboration  100% expertise  100% client satisfaction  100% what our clients say about us£250kgenerated profits“the professionalism coupled with friendliness of the staff make icode a pleasure to work alongside”
alicia regnier
“we have been with icode for many years and are very happy with their service and expertise. they have been a great help with our it systems, adapting them to changing work practices when required and recommending solutions to enhance our working capability. 
they are always swift to respond to any issues we may have, and we get along very well with their staff, which makes dealing with them all the more pleasant.”
clare scherer, ceo of the naval children's charity
85%sales increase"thank you for the prompt and efficient service icode provide us. i would not hesitate to recommend you to any of my business colleagues."
richard jeremy




 
 
want to talkwe have been helping businesses of all sizes across hampshire and south east get the best from their it for over 20 years. from small internet startups, through traditional small business, to multinational listed companies, we have the experience and knowledge to support all your it systems and software needs.
contact us3 east horton business park
knowle lane
southampton, so50 7dz
t: 01329 835335
hello@icodesystems.com
© 2023 | icode systems | created by spinningdrum | all rights reserved.


 
 
page load link

let’s make things happenhomeaboutwho we areour teamfaqservicesit supportcloud servicescyber securitysoftware developmentprojectscontact info3 east horton business parkknowle lanesouthampton, so50 7dz
t: 01329 835335
hello@icodesystems.com
unlock your online growthunlock your online growth






go to top




