


home | cranston herald






















































log in


subscribe










 



        february 18, 2025      

weather forecast



          24°,
        

          mostly clear        






advanced search











main menu

toggle navigation









                home              


news 


                    top stories                  


                    police logs                  


                    beacon buzz                  


                    calendar                  


                    community resources                  


                    legal notices                  




sports


                    stories                  


                    columns                  


                    eastern regional                  




rhodylife


                    focus                  


                    dining                  


                    entertainment                  


                    movie reviews                  


                    society                  


                    anniversary form                  


                    birth announcement form                  


                    engagement form                  


                    wedding form                  


                    music                  


                    arts                  


                    theater                  


                    columns                  


                    animal talk                  




editorial


                    editorial                  


                    letters to the editor                  


                    op-ed                  


                    columns                  




obits


                    view obituaries                  




business


                    spotlight                  




                subscribe              



            advanced search
          














top stories






						reed: courts must hold trump to constitution					


					the first few weeks of the trump administration have been a whirlwind, raising alarm among democrats and pleasing supporters of the president. u.s. sen. jack reed sat down to discuss trump’s  …				





						alpine estates residents fend off latest rezoning bid					


					a proposed rezoning in western cranston has been rejected by the city’s planning commission after strong opposition by residents. the decision now goes to the city council, which will have the  …				








						man on a mission					


					as snow fell last thursday, stephen pizzi, operates the backhoe at the department of public works in cranston. he made moving tons of salt and sand look easy. beacon media photos by barbara  …				








						changes in washington could impact student loans					


					as discussions continue about the potential dismantling of the u.s. department of education under the new presidential administration, concerns are rising about how such a move could impact student  …				





			read more			








our latest e-edition




 




cranston herald february 13, 2025 e-edition


view this issue



													browse other issues
											









 






more news stories






						epa recognizes sewer plant team					


					cranston’s water pollution control facility was recently cited for excellence by the u.s. environmental protection agency.  

 the facility was honored with the epa’s regional  …				





						police log					


					violation of order 

 on feb. 6 at 8:13 p.m., officers arrested charles simas, 45, of 107 argyle st., on a charge of violation of a no contact order (3rd or subsequent offense). the arrest was the  …				








						women’s fund to launch first girls report					


					how are our girls doing? 

 kelly nevins, ceo of the women’s fund of rhode island (wfri), says that one simple question compelled the non-profit organization to launch approximately a  …				





			more news stories			











						super bowl shakes up nfl landscape, future					


					the super bowl that no one wanted provided a result that excited the masses. most viewers, myself included, rolled their eyes two weeks prior when the kansas city chiefs and philadelphia eagles won  …				





						locals lead ric to 3rd place at coast guard invitational					


					senior samantha sainristil (cranston) won both the weight throw (15.99m) and the shot (12.24m) as the rhode island college women’s track and field team finished third (eight teams) at the coast  …				








						let noaa do its job, climate impacts hurting fish					


					the tactics reportedly used last tuesday, feb. 4 by the trump administration’s elon musk department of government efficiency team at the national oceanographic & atmospheric administration  …				
















 









 









 






rhodylife






						serving up good feelings					


					hospitality. that’s the most important word to dino passaretta, when he talks about the key to the success of his five rhode island restaurants. 

 and he can be quite circumspect about the  …				








						70th wedding anniversary					


					a 70th wedding anniversary celebration for carol coker and harold (swede) nelson of myrtle ave., warwick, was held in the asbury methodist church parlor, warwick. 

 they have two children, mark  …				








						circles of sound					


					the rhode island philharmonic orchestra, with guest conductor, anna handler, and guest pianist awadagin pratt, will feature jessie montgomery’s composition, rounds on feb. 14 and feb. 15. the  …				





police logs



						police log					


					  

 arrest warrant 

 on jan. 31 at 10:45 a.m., officers arrested jonathan enright, 43, of 151 grand ave., cranston, on an arrest warrant out of east providence. the arrest was the result  …				





						cranston police beat					


					embezzlement 

 on jan. 27, at about 3:34 p.m., officers arrested joshua perez, 35, of 839 

 sanderson rd., johnston, on a charge of embezzlement/fraudulent conversion over $100. the arrest was  …				








						iacone earns community officer of the year honors					


					two are police officers recently received distinguished recognition from the rhode island police chiefs association. 

 cranston police detective michael iacone was named as the community officer  …				
























cranston chatter






						cranston chatter					


					feb. 15, st. mary's feast society ladies auxiliary is hosting a valentine's dinner show at 6:30 p.m. at 15 phenix ave. at the st. mary's civita hall. doors open at 6:30. dinner is at 7 p.m. show to  …				





obituaries








						skorski, barbara jean alexander					


					barbara jean alexander skorski, 85, of traverse city, mi, passed away on january 27, 2025, in troy, mi, and is at peace after her long battle with alzheimer's. born on september 12, 1939, in medford,  …				










						sean c. kelley					


					sean c. kelley, 51, of warwick, passed away peacefully surrounded by his loving family, saturday afternoon, january 25, 2025 at rhode island hospital. 

 born in providence, the beloved son of lucy  …				




			more obituaries			


 




editorial







						sour grapes					










						snow brings out the best in us					


					why does everything just seem a little less dark when it snows? there’s actually a scientific reason for that. snow is really great at reflecting light, so any time there is a covering of it  …				











						charlie hall					









			more			















 









 









 












advertising

                    view classifieds                  
                    submit a classified ad                  
                    advertise with us                  
                    legal ads                  




special sections



more special sections 



our publications

                    cranston herald                  
                    warwick beacon                  
                    johnston sunrise                  
                    the reminder                  
                    rhody beat                  
                    subscribe                  





          beacon media  
          1944 warwick avenue, warwick ri, 02889 • 1-401-732-3100
                  about us 
                    •  
                                            contact us 
                    •  
                                            work with us 
                    •  
                    
             
          







          © copyright 2025 beacon media



powered by creative circle media solutions











