








dui lawyer | divorce attorney | criminal defense attorney | norristown, pa


















































 


skip to content








open-hours: 9 am to 5 pm  ras@palawonline.net 













 

 toggle navigation  




norristown pa attorney
about
areas of practice 

legal services


representative cases
articles
contact
 





 






              norristown pa attorney            











robert a. saraceni, jr., esquire, maintains a general practice law firm in norristown, montgomery county, pennsylvania “concentrating in, personal injury, criminal law, family law, representation of small businesses and wills and estates.”
mr. saraceni has achieved significant verdicts with dui, criminal cases and settlements in personal injury claims involving major injuries due to the negligence of others.
thank you for visiting our website and taking time to learn more about the law offices of robert a. saraceni, jr., and staff. we look forward to serving and assisting you with your personal injury case and other legal needs.
the law offices of robert a. saraceni, jr., esquire, lawyer, serves the norristown, pennsylvania community.
the firm provides service to montgomery county pa, norristown, plymouth meeting, east norriton, west norriton, lansdale, north wales, king of prussia, collegeville, graterford, new hanover, sanatoga, souderton, arcola, harleysville, schwenksville, audubon, jeffersonville, perkiomeville, stowe, douglass, phoenixville, trappe, eagleville, blue bell, whitpain township, pottstown, limerick, upper gwynedd, lower gwynedd, lower frederick, pottsgrove, lower salford, trooper, upper providence township, lower providence township, royersford and royersford boro, skippack township and other local communities.










  
 

 

 










 your name (required)
 

 your email (required)
 

 subject
 

 your message
 



 disclaimer:
by completing and submitting the inquiry form, an attorney-client relationship is not formed. therefore, no attorney-client privilege has been created.




 















© copyright 2018. all rights reserved.  website by seo philly 









































































































































































