






major fun – fun games for kids, families  friends


















































  









 



home
contact
who is major fun?
the award
winners
keepers
foundation

skip to content
home
contact
who is major fun?
the award
winners
keepers
foundation
 






butts on things

06/17/202406/17/2024 - stephen conway leave a comment




release: 6/17/24   | download:  enhanced  | mp3
run time: 20 min   | subscribe:  enhanced  | mp3 | rss

fun begins at the ends in butts on things. collect as many cards with keisters by pairing posteriors on the tails of any row or column on the table. it might be a juicy set of peaches, a burger with a nice set of buns, or a cactus with a caboose that cant stop. you’ll be over the moon when you find a way to cap off any line with a nice set of cans. you should also be on the lookout for the dumptruck. when it shows, get off your duff and snag a buttload of cards.
butts on things 
d: tim roedigera: brian cookp: gamewright2-4 pl | 15 min | ages 8+ | msrp $12.99 | bgg entrytime to teach & learn: 3 minutes



full show notes on all the segments are available at the spiel.
music credits include:
bertha butt boogie | the jimmy castor bunch | the song
booty butt | ray charles | the song
baby got back | richard cheese | the song





				posted in card games, silly games 





fit to print

06/14/202406/15/2024 - stephen conway leave a comment




release: 6/15/24   | download:  enhanced  | mp3
run time: 82 min   | subscribe:  enhanced  | mp3 | rss

thistleville is a small place, but there’s something newsworthy happening around every corner.
authorities suspect fowl play in missing hen case
foxes trot at local dance
rats ruin restaurant rep
local newspapers are scrambling to scoop the up the latest stories and bring daily editions to critter citizens from all across the town.
you are an editor of one such paper, working hard to layout your edition and get it onto newsstands with the best combination of stories, photos, and ads. no layout will be perfect but you have three days and three editions to publish, grabbing the best tiles from a sea of stories on the table hoping to fill each front page with all the news that is fit to print.
fit to print 
d: peter mcphersona: ian o’toolep: flatout games1-6 pl  | 15-30 min | ages 10+ | msrp 39.99 | bgg entrytime to teach/learn: 5 minutes





full show notes on all the segments are available at the spiel.
music credits include:
typewriter song | the song
squirrel run | the song
the history of arab | the song




				posted in puzzle games, tile laying games 





sides

06/13/202406/13/2024 - stephen conway leave a comment




release: 6/13/24   | download:  enhanced  | mp3
run time: 43 min   | subscribe:  enhanced  | mp3 | rss

sides is a hilarious cooperative party game. in many ways it is the love child of name that tune and password.
playing as a team, how many magic words can you all score before you run out of letters? you do this together… but you do it by picking sides.
a line of seven letters sits before you. one side is a team of two, the investigators. they must guess a magic word based on clues the witnesses give. only only clue is allowed at a time and the clue must begin with the letter at the end of either side of the line. “my clue is 7 letters long and begins with b.”
investigators who listen closely each round have access to way more information than that one single clue, though, because the witnesses must openly discuss and debate whose clue works best.
two groups, one team. two letters, one magic word. do your best to see things from many different sides.

sides 
designer:  cédrick caumont, françois romain
art / graphic design: cédrick caumont, adrien journel
publisher: captain games
2-9 players | 30 minutes | ages 10+ | msrp $22 | bgg listing
time to teach/learn: 3-4 minutes



full show notes on all the segments are available at the spiel.
music credits include:
i write the b sides | eels  | the song
on the sunny side of the street | louis prima | the song
walk on the wild side | texas lightning | the song




				posted in cooperation, party games 





nekojima

04/30/202404/30/2024 - stephen conway leave a comment




release: 4/30/24   | download:  enhanced  | mp3
run time: 80 min   | subscribe:  enhanced  | mp3 | rss

there are dog shows and cat shows, but have you ever heard of a fish show? goldfish fans from across the land compete each year to display the most sensational swimmer. it takes talent and planning to create the most pleasing arrangement of colorful scales. can you win best in show with your finest fish?

nekojima 
designer:  karen nguyen, david carmona
artist:  gilles warmoes
publisher:  unfriendly games | hachette | bgg entry
1-5 players  15 minutes  ages 7+   msrp $36.99
time to teach/learn:  3-4 minutes






full show notes on all the segments are available at the spiel.
music credits include:
sixteen cats | joey michaels | the song
the seeking cat | moss harmon | the song
ride ranke | by finnkalvik | the song
stray cat strut | el jimador | the song
cat naps | raymond grouse | the song




				posted in dexterity, stacking games 





the finest fish

02/28/202402/28/2024 - stephen conway 



release: 2/28/24    |  download:  enhanced  | mp3
run time: 77 min   |  subscribe:  enhanced  | mp3 | rss

there are dog shows and cat shows, but have you ever heard of a fish show? goldfish fans from across the land compete each year to display the most sensational swimmer. it takes talent and planning to create the most pleasing arrangement of colorful scales. can you win best in show with your finest fish?

the finest fish 
designer:  nate & jake jenne
artist:  jake jenne
publisher: last night games |  bgg entry
2-4 players  30-45 minutes  ages 8+   msrp $49.95
time to teach/learn:  3-5 minutes

 





full show notes on all the segments are available at the spiel.
music credits include:
fish heads  | barnes & barnes | the song
any little fish | bobby short | the song
little fish in a big pond |eddie albert & mary mccarty | the song
bicycle race | cover by holmes feat. roy shakked | the song
goldfish bowl | van morrison | the song




				posted in beautiful game, biology games, pattern recognition 





2023 meeple crown winner!

12/19/202312/19/2023 - stephen conway 



release: 12/19/23    |  download:  enhanced  | mp3
run time: 199 min   |  subscribe:  enhanced  | mp3 | rss

in our season finale, two award winning games earn our meeple crown for 2023. these games embody the essence of major fun and our spiel of approval. congratulations to votes for women and thunder road: vendetta!

thunder road: vendetta
designers: dave chalker, brett myers
additional design/development: noah cohen, rob daviau, justin jacobson, jim keifer, brian neff
artist: marie bergeron, garrett kaida
publisher: restoration games | bgg entry
2-4 players  1 hour ages 10+  msrp $60
time to teach/learn:  3-4 minutes

 
full show notes on all the segments are available at the spiel.
interstitial music credits include:
dead center  | clear ocean | the song
striving toward success | philip ayers | the song
cool out | keyframe audio | the song




				posted in uncategorized 





romi rami

12/08/202312/08/2023 - stephen conway 



romi rami
d: antoine lefebvrea: fanny saulnierp: randolph, hachette boardgames usa | bgg2-4 players 30 min ages 8+ msrp $15time to teach/learn: 3-4 min


romi rami is a new game with an old soul. it has some famous card game cousins. you may have met them, rummy and contract bridge, or its crazy board game uncle, ticket to ride. you’ll collect set of cards from one market in hopes of filling contracts from another. keep your eyes peeled for the bonus suits and trophies, too. they can really boost your score.

there are 128 cards in romi rami. the main deck has 92 cards in four different semi-traditional suits (hearts, diamonds, cherries, and clover). the cards are numbered 1-2-3-4-5 in each suit . there are four cards at the high and low end of each suit (four 1 cards and four 5 cards). there are five cards for each number in the middle (five 2s, 3s, and 4s).
the contract deck has 36 cards. these cards have four different elements.
in the center is a recipe of cards you will need in order to fill the contract. the recipe could show a set of like numbered cards (a pair, three, four or five of a kind) or the recipe could show a sequence of consecutive numbered cards, a run (a three, four or five card run). every contract will show at least one recipe or as many as three.
below the recipe on each contract card is a bonus suit, a large icon matching one of the suits in the game: heart, diamond, cherry, or clover.
the top edge of each contract also has important information.
the top right corner of the card shows the number of points you will score for filling the contract.
the rest of the top of the card is the scoring zone: this area mirrors details about the contract so the cards can be stacked in columns and overlapped, solitaire style as you collect them. this way you dont have to see the whole card, just the scoring zone, once you collect it.
the scoring zone shows the bonus suit and a number of card combo icons that mirror the recipe(s) shown on the contract. so, for example, if a contract had two recipes – a pair and a 3 card run – and the bonus suit was clover, the scoring zone of that contract card would show a clover and two card combination icons: a 2 card combo and a 3 card combo.
there are 4 cardboard crowns which serve as trophies in the game. the crowns display a number of points and a different scoring requirement on each side.
there are four cardboard joker tokens (stars). each player gets one and has the option to use it once in the game.

to set up for a game of romi rami, shuffle the main deck and deal a three card hand to each player. then use the main deck to create the number market in the center of the play area by dealing 6 cards face up (2 rows of three cards). shuffle the contract deck and deal four contract cards face up to the play area just above the number market. keep both main and contract decks handy as you’ll be dealing or drawing from them frequently during the game. last but not least, toss the four trophy tokens in the air the trophy sides that land face up set the trophy scoring opportunities for the game. grab a joker token, pick a start player and we’re ready to go.

the goal of romi rami is to score the most points. each turn a player will perform three steps, then the next player in clockwise order will do the same and so on until a target number of contracts is filled based on the number of players. when this target is reached, finish the current game round so everyone has had an even number of turns, then count up your points and high score wins the game.
so here are the three steps to your turn in romi rami.
step one: you must collect cards from the number market. you can collect up to three cards, never more than three! there are two rules to follow when you collect. all the cards you collect must be the same suit or all the cards you collect must be the same number. you can always collect a single card of any suit or number. if you collect more than one card you have to follow these rules: all the same suit or all the same number.
step two: you may fill a contract (or contracts) from the market provided you have cards in your hand to fill the recipe or recipes listed on the contract. fill one contract at a time and either discard or bank the cards used to fill the contract. we will get to banking cards in just a minute. once you start filling contracts, stack them in a column solitaire style so the scoring zones for each contract are visible.
at any point you can use your joker token as a wild card for any one missing card you need to fill a contract.
step three: refill both markets so the number market has 6 cards and the contract market has four cards. then, check the number of cards in your hand. if you have more than 10 cards, you must discard down to 10 cards. if you have less than 3 cards, draw cards from the main deck until you have 3.

so, you must collect cards from the number market (either matching suit or matching number) never more than 3 cards. then you may fill contracts if you have the right combination of cards from your hand – discard or bank those cards. last of all, refill the markets (number market should have 6 cards, contract should have 4). check your hand size 10 is too many. less than three refill your hand up to 3.
from there romi rami is lather rinse and repeat round after round until someone fills the target number of contracts (5 contracts for 4 players, 6 contracts for 3 players, 7 contracts for 2 players). when the game is over you will score the points listed for each contract you filled. you will get 1 bonus point if you didn’t use your joker. and then you’ll score two additional ways: your banked bonus cards and trophies. these two methods are…

the suit bonus and trophy points make each decision of which cards to collect and which contracts to fill more involved and challenging.
every contract has a suit bonus listed at the bottom of the card. to fill a contract you have to follow the recipe for the combinations listed in the middle of the card (sets of like number cards or runs of consecutive number cards). suit never matters when filling contracts. until it does! the suit bonus listed at the bottom of the card says this: for every card you use to fill this contract that matches the bonus suit, instead of discarding those cards when you fill the contract you get to bank each of those matching suit cards into a score pile. at the end of the game, each card in your banked card pile is worth one point.
suddenly the number market isnt just about numbers. you may choose collect cards of a certain suit from the market in hopes that you can fill a contract and bank the majority, maybe even all the cards you use because they match the suit bonus on the contract. and because all the contracts are public information, you need to keep an eye on not only what numbers others are collecting but what suits they take as well. you may have your heart set on a particular contract only to have it swept off the market by someone else because they could cash in on the suit bonus.
the trophy tokens list a point reward for the player who collects the most of something at the end of the game. it could be the most contracts with a certain suit; it could be the most 4 card combo shown in the scoring zone of your contracts. suddenly each contract you fill could put you in competition with your neighbors for the most diamonds or the most pairs. in order to win the trophy there can be no tie. you have to have an outright majority. as the game charges closer and closer to the end (and the end will sneak up on you much faster than you think) you will want to keep close tabs on where you stand in the trophy race since it could easily influence which contract you choose to fill.

romi rami is a great example of a modern grandma game. i know this is an inherently silly term, but hear me out. a grandma game doesnt mean you can only play it with grandma. it means you can play it with everyone including grandma (or grandpa). it means it is a game with a timeless quality, a universal appeal, a game you can pull of the shelf and teach grandma or anyone younger than grandma (or grandpa) and they will be able to absorb the rules and have fun on a level playing field.
a grandma game is a triumph of accessibility. if grandma can play and enjoy romi rami, i think practically anyone can. it is hard to create games that have this broad appeal that aren’t just retreads of older games. familiarity with key concepts and rules are often what make a game accessible, but it can also make it boring. you can draw inspiration from your cousins, but you dont want to clone them! romi rami can trace its heritage back to set collecting and contract filling games. you can even see how filling and scoring tickets building your train routes card by card shares some dna with this game. romi rami draws great inspiration from its heritage, but also stands apart with its own paths to challenge and enjoyment. this vaults romi rami into its own class of classic, major fun for all.
december 2023
written by: stephen conway





				posted in based on a classic game, card games, classic game roots 





not that movie!

12/07/202312/07/2023 - stephen conway 



release: 12/7/23    |  download:  enhanced  | mp3
run time: 35 min   |  subscribe:  enhanced  | mp3 | rss

movie night! you and your friends have gathered to enjoy a flick at the cineplex. but which one? can you find one you will all agree to watch? 
you scan the listings and realize you don’t know any of these films. rebel panda? kung fu soup? duck without a cause??  what are these movies?
fortunately, you can always rely on the two critics: polly positive, and the grumpy guy. and look, they reviewed the same movie! 
but which movie is it? somehow, the title of the movie is missing from their reviews. it’s not clear which picture they are both talking about. 
is it interview in the hat? the cat alone?? maybe home with the vampire?
guided by the reviews, each of you tries to sort it out by process of elimination. only one movie at the cineplex can be the one. the rest, clearly, are not that movie!***
not that movie is a cooperative party game. each round, players work together to determine which mixed up movie title the critics have described through process of elimination.
at the end of 5 rounds, are you an epic flop or worthy of an academy award?
not that movie! 
designer:  silvano sorrentino
developer: luca appoloni, marta ciaccasassi
artist:  simone fucchi, daniele sofrini
publisher: dv games |  bgg entry
2-7 players  20 minutes  ages 8+   msrp $21.95
time to teach/learn:  3 minutes

 



full show notes on all the segments are available at the spiel.
music credits include:
interstitial music credits include:
playing by hollywood’s rules | golden age radio | the song
ghoul disco | mike franklyn | the song
vesper | gabriel lucas  | the song




				posted in creative, party games 





steam up:  a feast of dim sum

12/05/2023 - stephen conway 



release: 12/5/23    |  download:  enhanced  | mp3
run time: 24 min   |  subscribe:  enhanced  | mp3 | rss

steam up is a restaurant known for its sumptuous servings of dim sum. magical creatures come to sample the best bite-size gourmet dishes from bamboo baskets stacked high. luckily, each animal arrives with an appetite and an agenda for their ideal meal. may the fullest stomach win!
the goal of steam up is to collect hearty points. you do this by eating dim sum from steamer baskets you rotate to your part of the table. track the dishes on your board and score according to the rules for your animal. but watch out! fate and fortune will play a part in each meal as well.
listen in to explore the game and discover why steam up is a feast for anyone with a hankering for major fun!
steam up: a feast of dim sum
d: pauline kong, marie wong, haymen leea: tim cheng, grace tjahyadi, ydxartp: hot banana games | bgg link2-5 players 45 minutes ages 8+ msrp $49


 

 

 

 

full show notes on all the segments are available at the spiel.
music credits include:
interstitial music credits include:
east wind | fine tune music | the song
great wall of china | sight of wonders | the song




				posted in beautiful game, food games 





thunder road: vendetta

09/29/202309/29/2023 - stephen conway leave a comment




release: 9/29/23    |  download:  enhanced  | mp3
run time: 150 min   |  subscribe:  enhanced  | mp3 | rss

this road is freedom. this road is escape. but only for one. for the rest it is ruin!
there are no rest stops. hard charging waves of mayhem and destruction push you ever-forward, never sure what lies beyond the horizon.  you must keep rolling.
this road calls to you – its voice, the sound of furious thunder.
thunder road: vendetta is a reboot of a beloved roll and move car crashing game from the 1980s. each player starts with 3 vehicles and a chopper. who will survive this perilous race down route sixty styx?
thunder road: vendetta
designers: dave chalker, brett myers
additional design/development: noah cohen, rob daviau, justin jacobson, jim keifer, brian neff
artist: marie bergeron, garrett kaida
publisher: restoration games | bgg entry
2-4 players  1 hour ages 10+  msrp $60
time to teach/learn:  3-4 minutes


 

 

 

 
full show notes on all the segments are available at the spiel.
music credits include:
blood bag  | junkie xl | the song
the ballad of thunder road | tennessee mafia jug band | the song
skinny love | vitamin string quartet | the song




				posted in dice games, racing game 




posts navigation

← older posts






sponsors 

the spiel foundation 

major fun awards we recognize games that are innovative, easy to learn, fast to play, and fun players of all ages with the major fun award.

exceptional games that stand the test of time earn a spot on our shelves and a keeper award.

we also recognize people who share our passion for fun and share it in some extraordinary way. do this and you might earn our highest honor: defender of the playful.


award categoriesaward categories
select category
abstract games
active games
activity
advergames
art game
auction game
based on a classic game
beautiful game
bernie
biology games
books
card games
classic game roots
cooperation
creative
deduction
defender of the playful
dexterity
dice games
drawing games
electronic toy
family games
food games
gamers’ game
games that make you laugh
geeky
great for families
great for kids
great for seniors
inclusive
keeper
kids games
large group games
learning games
library
literary games
logic games
magnetic
memory games
micro games
musings and such…
news
party games
pattern recognition
pc game
press your luck games
puzzle games
puzzles
quick games
racing game
rhythm games
roll and write games
senior-worthy
set collecting
short list
silly games
speed game
spiel des jahres nominee
spiel of approval
sports games
stacking games
storytelling
take-that
team games
technology
thinking
thinking games
tile laying games
tops for 2006
tops for 2007
tops for 2008
tops for 2009
tops for 2010
tops for 2011
tops for 2012
tops for 2013
toys
two player games
uncategorized
virtual games
virtual toys
word games


the spiel our sister site reviews more complex games and bestows its own award the spiel of approval.

links

deepfun.com
junkyard sports
major fun on facebook
outrider creative


search 





 






copyright © 2024 major fun. all rights reserved.theme: kerli by volthemes. powered by wordpress.




scroll to top





